
Hey Kristen. How's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, It's tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%, vans down 1.7, Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't Know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Tracking Always know your car's worth with Carvana Value Tracker.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited podcast series Dub Dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all blitz and glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any other action at Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evilly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sports book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with Joe Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store doing tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Oh Joe Matt Eber flus handling of the infamous Hail Mary's loss of Lord Blake. Barrys players. Caleb. William reveal how Ebra flus handled it all at the time for that game was I think one of the things that throughout the locker room people talked about and were annoyed by Ebra flus had 'em, hold on. What about the DB that was joshing around with the fans? What what about the culp? What about the, what about the accountability of the players if he was where he was supposed to be? See that, that's what annoys me about this, these millennial D, gen Z, is that they, they want to absolve themselves of responsibility, accountability.


Now we see the guy, he's over there doing this, the play is going on, he's making fun of the people and the fans who have no impact on the game. And then the quarterback blames the head coach. Listen, i a a You know how it is in situations like that. We go of all that on Fridays, huh? Yes. We go over every scenario possible on Friday just in case it happens. So lemme ask you this. Do do a do what you do, what you do in Practice and the one thing that we didn't do, what you do in practice is that when we run those flows And we practice the guys with the defensive side, they not messing with the people in the stands.


Oh, absolutely. Absolutely Not. So Caleb, if you don't mind me asking, so what responsibility, what was that was his last name Stevenson? Who was that DB number 29. So I just wanna know, I just wanna hear him say what? Tyreek Stevenson, Caleb Williams as a guy, two guys that played in the NFL. What responsibility, what role did Tyreek Stevenson play in that? I know you said there was things curating throughout the locker room that even flu when you lost that game. I just want to hear you say what role you believe he played in that Right now. Now, UNC was this said recently by Caleb Williams.


W we not misco we not misquoting anything he said. Right. How ever how ebra flues handled it at the time for that game. Right? I think was one of the things that throughout the locker room people talked about and were annoyed by. Okay. Okay. I mean, and listen, I I'm not sure how that's on the, on the coach at all because I'm sure when it's done in Fridays, in Friday's practice, whether it be walkthrough or whether it be full speed, I'm sure you're not messing around With understand that's if he's where he's supposed to be. That's it. It might, the outcome might be different. That might count, might the outcome might be different.


Now there have been times where people have done the right way and it just so happened they got lucky and they caught it. You can live With that. Live with it. I can live with that, but I can't live with this. No. And that's what I'm saying. Absolutely not. And see what I tell people, hard work doesn't guarantee you anything. But I believe it with, I believe without it you don't have a chance. See ocho if I go by something And I work as hard as I possibly can, and it doesn't happen, it didn't happen. Yeah. But when people have regret, if I didn't stay out so late, if I didn't drink And I taken it more serious, Come on Now. You could have lifetime. You could have a lifetime of discipline And you could have a lifetime of regret. Choose wisely.


Hold on, we wem gonna pin and pad at now. Don't do that. Dammit. Don't do that. What Amma pin And I can't, I I I can't Wait. Say, wait. Gimme gimme. Come on. Listen, gimme that one more time. You could have a lifetime of Discipline or a lifetime of regret. I I I for you to blame the coach. When this guy, when you see the guy joshing around, the play is going on and then he's running as hard as he possibly can to try and then he's late. He's the one that temp the ball and, and, and let Brown catch it. Nor Brown catch it. Yeah. Yeah. You're supposed to knock the ball down, whatever you do.


Rule number one, knock the ball down. Dang. Damn. Yeah, I just, that, that's what I, I don't, I don't get, I just, he look it's over with. Just, just move on. He came out better saying, Hey look guys, that was, that was last year. Hopefully we're better in those situations this year. We got a new coaching staff, guys are excited. I get a, that's my rookie year. Had some ups, had some downs. There's some things I can do better. We will get better. We've improved in a lot of areas. We revamped the offensive line. Guys understand me, I understand them. Hey, I'm very excited about this season.


But to talk about that play without mentioning player Yeah. There's, there's no play player that should have been. I don't, I don't get down like that in Position. No. Yeah, most definitely. Hey, and one thing about them bes unc, I, I could tell this now. I would just to, just to finish on something positive that goddamn Caleb Williams and Ben Johnson, boy, the magic that they finna have and the chemistry they finna have, They got, they got Roman Doey, they got DJ Moore. Yeah. They improved that offensive line by leaps and Browns. Yes, sir. Joe Toney. They signed a couple of guys. They got three guys in free agency. Yeah. Listen, the offensive creativity alone itself, the bear's gonna be must watch.


They, they gonna be must watch. I'm excited. Yeah. I'm, I'm excited for 'em. But they don't have a choice. I'm excited because the choice in that division, the pack is in that division. Minnesota's in that division. What choice do you have? Right? If you don't get better, guess what? You'll finish it last again like you finished for the last several years. Hold on, let me use the bathroom real quick on, hold On. Oh, so Ocho Deshaun Watson say he will come back better than he ever was. Everyone don't think I can get back to where I was. I believe the work that I put in that I believe in myself. I know I'm gonna be way better than before. Hey, that's where it all started, huh?


That's, that's, that's where it all started. And that one of the problems with Deshaun Watson in previous years, based on how he look, is it looked like his confidence was shot. Huh? It looked like his confidence was shot. I even asked you before, why does it seem like other quarterbacks that come into the game that play in the exact same system look that much better than he does? Why would Joe Flacco coming in and leading the, the Cleveland Brown to a first round playoff birth? Why does the offense look completely different every time somebody else is at the helm? For one, I think Rashaan might, might, might not have been all the way fully healthy, You know, outside of that, I think as confident for Shot And you could tell by his decision making when he was playing. I, I, I, I don't know.


Listen, I hope he gets back to the old asan that we used to seeing and make that a FC north that much more interesting. Where it's a, it's a, it is a four quarterback battle, You know, for the top. I mean, well, You know what I'm gonna do Ocho Three quarterback because I'm gonna talk, call Kmart and tell him to go ahead and send me those cigars. Who? Kmart. Oh, I forgot Kmar. KO Old. Oh listen now I don't, I don't want that. Listen, I I don't play by my cigars now. Now one thing about it, he lost How you don't play. Listen, I ain't, I ain't heard from him since. I ain't heard from Kmar Kmar since. And I would, Hey, listen, I would hate that. I would hate, I would hate, I would hate to have to jump on him. I, I would hate, I would hate to have to do it to Him.


I'm gonna call him tomorrow. I'm gonna say Kmar, just go and send that to me. Hey, don't, don't do that. Don't Do that with them. 70 gauge lunatics and them Daniel Marshalls. Yeah. Listen, he see my cigars. I I probably had to whoop, I I probably had to whoop him. I'm, I'm just Between you and him, but I'm gonna get them cigars. My Brother smokes cigars. You know, my brother loves cigars Now. He don't, he don't, he don't smoke them kind though. He don't smoke them kind. He Don't, he don't, he don't smoke them kind. But he will. Hey, hey Chad, y'all tell Kenya Martin man, make sure I need, he got three days. He got three days. 'cause if he got three days to get my cigars to Miami or I'm gonna come on Gils Arena. I, I fly la I'll whoop Kenia Martin. Matter of fact, I'll whoop everybody on Gil's podcast.


Why you wanna whip everybody but you don't wanna pay me because The guilty by association. So Gil gonna get it. Ken gonna Get well I guess what? Whoever gonna, I gotta whip you. All the kids Chauncey, everybody guilty by association. Listen, hey my kid, my kids a jump you boy. What I'm looking for My kid, my kids a jump you boy. You don't want no smoke with them boys. Hey all that. Say, hey this for your daddy. Hey daddy, pay this man. Hey you remember how hey you remember how they called? What you call him? They called little man out there. Who? St. Louis. How he did it.


They make, Hey, when St. Louis caught it and they put him back, put his head in the car and they put that nose, put that cigarette out on his nose. Oh yeah. And he went there and told Dollar bill. Dollar Bill said, whoa. He said, man, you need to pay this man for somebody to get hurt. No, you gonna get hurt. Ain't no somebody you, Hey, that's funny. Hamlin and all that. He's been injured. Mm, that's tough. We could continue this. We'll come back after this o show actually connecting. Now Draft pick Amari Hampton. He's a second team. So AP All American First team all acp, A CC running back finalist for the Dope Walker Award.


Led the team with 15 Russian touchdowns ranked third in the FBF with 1,660 Russian yards. A former Gatorade, North Carolina, Mr. Football Player of the Year, and winner of the states. Mr. Football. Where your eyes set on UNC or Oh no Ammar. I'm about to read. I'm about to read everything for you bro. How you Doing? I'm good bro. How you doing bro? I'm doing good. How about You? I'm doing great bro. I see you repping CAA So that's the agency that you signed with? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just recently joined. They've been doing with me through the past season, so I felt pretty good about them.


Good, good. Congratulations. Lemme ask you this, your Gatorade, Mr. North Carolina, you are arguably you obviously. So you win that award, that means you're the state's best football player. Why did you choose UUC? Yes. Did you want to stay at home? Did you, did you go to Georgia? Did you Alabama or anybody else? What was it about UNC that says, You know what, home is where I wanna be. Yeah. Yeah. I actually took an official to Florida. I took an official to Auburn, Penn State and then UNC and then I kind of narrowed it down to Penn State and UNC. And then I kind of was just always up at UNC. It's like 50 minutes from my crib. Okay. So it was like, I gotta know the teammates.


I gotta know the coaches. I feel like it, I feel like the, the playing style they had at the time, the offense they had at the time fit me well. So I feel like that was a big part of it too. So I feel like all of that put it together. So, Hey OI wanna, I wanna ask you about your Combine experience. I, I remember my combine experience being very nervous, the unfamiliarity, having to be in front of scouts, being in front of You know, that many people and the pressures that came with it. How did was your experience at the combine and how do you feel you did? Yeah. Yeah. I feel like it, it was definitely different. It was something I had to adjust to just being in like meeting after meeting after meeting. Just going into that and then having to like run your 40 and do like all the competitive stuff on the last day.


But I feel like, I feel like I did good on it. I feel like I was prepared for it. I feel like Brent, the guy I was training with, Brent Callaway, he did a good job with all his players and stuff like that. I feel like he'd been helping us prepare for it well. So I feel like, I feel like I did well on it. So it was, it was a good experience. Just the get to talk to all the head coaches and stuff. It was really cool if, If, if you had to take a guess on the coaches that you talk to. Yeah. And You know how you can get a feel, you get, you can get a feel on on who likes you And you kind of get a feel on who doesn't based on the type of questions they ask you based on how in depth they get with the personal questions. Outside of the game of football, if you had to take a guess, who do you think is leaning towards the drafting you on draft date?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I mean, whoever picked me I'll be happy with Yeah. But I mean, it is a lot of teams who need the run back. So I mean, yeah. I mean, whoever, whoever picked me gonna get the best of me really. So I feel like I, I kind of don't look at all the little draft mock drafts and stuff like that Because that, that, that's why I was gonna take it because a lot of the mock drafts, the latest mock draft have you going into the Broncos now if you need to hook up, You know. Oh yeah. I, I I I know some people. Alright man, I wouldn't be mad at it. 'cause if you look at Ammar, if you look at it, you see what Sequan was able to do. You see what Jamir gives? Yeah. And you see what Josh Jacobs And you see what King Henry we see you see the resurgence.


Yeah. There was a stretch for about a decade. Yeah. The running back was not as va not not a decade. Probably say six, seven years. Yeah. The running back was not as valued as it seems to be currently is and coming back. Why do you think that is? And what can you add? If a team I'm drafting And I draft La Marion, tell me what type of player, what type of person am I getting? Yeah, yeah. Well, I mean, it is just for me, I feel like I love to see it just like the Derrick Henry Seon, just them doing the thing out there. I feel like it is putting more value in, in the position itself. I feel like if the team drafts me, they're gonna get a three down back. They're gonna get a guy that plays special teams, the guy that gonna, everybody can run in this league.


So I feel like pass protection is a big thing. I key on. I feel like catching out the backfield is another thing that I key on. Just learning the defense, learning like where the safety are when learning where, how to linebackers move and stuff like that. Just different things, like all the in-depth stuff like that. So, I mean, just different stuff like that. I feel like it's Helping me. I don't know. I mean, I like that unless you run back, punt a kickoff And I don't know if they're gonna put you out there on special teams, bro. You might done played, you might done played your last, your last specialty snap in college. Matter Of fact, I'm, I'm matter of fact, I'm glad you just said that. You, you said you were three that back obviously. And then you said what you can do with pass protection then you brought up being able to catch the ball out the backfield. So that makes you that much more valuable than other running backs that can do all those things.


Right. But I mean, I'm telling you, I'm telling you it does, it makes you special. So in in, in hindsight, when you think about the type of running back you are and what you bring to the table, depending on who drafts you, who would your NFL comparison be right now? As far as your playing style goes? Yeah, yeah. For me, I, I like to watch like a lot of guys like take tips off a lot of guys. I feel like Joe Mix is kind of like a running style that I'm like, I feel like I try to watch like I like Gibbs running style. Like I feel like Bijan is gonna be crazy in the future. I feel like, I feel like all those guys really just like Seon.


Like Seon. I feel like everybody like really. Okay. Okay. UC has a great run. I mean mix. Go ahead. No, I was just saying I like the Joe mixing repairs. That's, that's a good one. That's a good one.


It's spring savings at Bray and Scarf going on now with huge savings throughout the store. Save up to 30% on select GE profile and cafe appliances. You can also save on in-stock GE profile refrigerators and best-selling washers. Shop local and save now during spring savings at Bray and Scarf. Visit any of their convenient locations or shop online@brayandscarf.com where it doesn't cost more to get more.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal And I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited podcast series Dub dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm looking at some of the Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm looking at some of the running backs that's come out of UNC, Ty Chandler, Michael Carter, Javonte Williams, and now yourself. Have you talked to any of those guys? Have they given you some, some tips about how to prepare for the NFL? What it's like once you get there in order to give you, because You know, you kind of got a little GPS, you got guys that went to your school that can partake information that a lot of people don't have. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like Javonte, Michael Carter, Todd Chandler, I feel like even the Nat on means, I feel like those are all my guys. Like I can talk to him whenever I need something. Yeah, Naron. Yeah. Yeah, he's the dog. Yeah, I can talk to him whenever I need to.


They help me out with stuff. I need to, I take tips off them too, so I feel like yeah, they're, they're always a connection for me, I feel like. Yeah, North Carolina used to have some great running backs. I don't know if you, you're probably a little young, but Derrick Finner, famous Amos Lawrence went to North Carolina. Yeah. Oh. But Derrick said they ended up moving to tight end once he got to the NFL, but he was an outstanding running back at UNC. Lemme ask you, I wanna ask you this, bro. You named after Mariana B 2K? I don't think so though, Because I been proud of him. I don't know if I ever seen somebody would've named like a Omar, so Damn. I'm like, hold on, let me ask this, man. You but your, your mom about to like B 2K back in the day?


Nah, nah, they definitely, they definitely used to listen to him, but I don't know if I was named that. I, I got one. So UNC was sponsored by Jordan brand, right? If I'm not mistaken. Yeah, yeah. Sponsored by Jordan. Yeah. Going into the NFL going to the FL who would be your dream partnership to be a part of going into the NFL? Would it, would you like to continue with Jordan brand? Would you like to be with, I mean obviously that would be Nike as well, but You know, Jordan brand had own select players that are part of, You know, that are, that are part of Jordan. Would you like to be with Nike, Adidas? I mean WW Yeah. Yeah. Right now, right now I'm signed with Nike, but yeah, yeah, yeah.


Right now I'm signed with Nike. Yeah. All all right. I like It. I like It. Yeah Bro, it don't matter. Cleats on feet mean people eat. So that's what you're trying to do right now. Yeah. It don't matter if it, they could be pony, they could be socky, they could be a pool. Hey, cleats on feet, people eat. Hold on, hold On, hold on. Huh? Yeah. You remember, remember you had pony cleats too? I did, yes. I wore pony, clea pony cleats my freshman year High had Converse, had Converse too. Converse used to make Cleats. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Hey, hey, hey. When you're not grinding right, when you, when you're not grinding, what's, what's your go-to chill move? Are you a gamer? You like music, you like movies now what?


What you be on outside of the game of football? Outside of the game of football? I probably would be with the boys playing basketball. I'd be hooping on the song. Who we going over? Like to the, yeah. Yeah, we'll be over at the rec center, just hooping over there and stuff. Okay, so you not a gamer, no games, no mad, no fifa, no. No Call of duty? Nah. Yeah, I'll be on Call of Duty. Okay. Call of Duty is game. All All. Alright. Yeah. You married? Yeah. Yeah, I got a girl but I ain't married. I ain't married. Keep stay focused. Yeah. Lemme ask you, let, let, lemme ask you something more, gimme your top five running backs. If I said okay you get any, any five running backs that you want from any era?


I mean, so give me your top five running backs. Yeah, I'm gonna say you gotta put Reggie Reggie Bush in there. I feel like you gotta put him in there. Okay. I feel like, I feel like growing up I was the big marshal Lynch man. Okay. I feel like Marshawn Lynch is in there too. Good boy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then lemme see, I gotta put Quan in there. Okay. I feel like what can do is unreal Saquon. Now I'm gonna do, I'm gonna put Derrick Henry in there. Okay. Put Derrick Henry and then I'm probably missing, I'm missing a lot of people.


Yeah, You miss a lot of people because you ain't putting nobody that came before 2000. You do. Hey. Oh, They didn't play football before 2000 bro. I just want, I just wanna throw that out there. That's your list. Hey, hey I want you to take off all your list. But they did play the game of football before 2000, Nah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I watch a lot in new school now. Yeah, but look, but you said you like Joe Mixon. So are you more like, you more run for power, you run more for like are you shifty? I mean are you a combination? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I try to add everything to my game really. It's always room to grow, try to grow to do different things and feel like try to make 'em, make 'em ju in, ju in space.


Right. Make 'em do different things. Learn, learn off different people. So I feel like it's long as to go to do different things. I try to be versatile. Versatile as much as I can. Right. Well bro, we wanna miss thank you for joining us. You, I got one more question. Go ahead. I got one more question. Yeah. If football didn't exist, now obviously we all need to have a plan B. You, you just NL stand for not not for long. I'm not wishing nothing bad. It's just a question in life, if your plan be, if football didn't exist, let's say it didn't exist, what would your dream career be if you wasn't playing football?


I feel like even what I'm doing now, I feel like if it wasn't like personal training with football, I feel like I would do personal training with like just fitness stuff. Yeah. So I feel like going around doing personal training, training with like kids who didn't have like the opportunities that I had in like smaller neighborhoods and stuff like that, I feel like that's something I wanted to do in the long run. Just reaching out to those kids, giving them opportunities that I had. So I feel like that's one of the things I'll definitely look into. That's A good one. That's that's a good one. That's dope. That's dope. Well, Oh, thanks for giving us some of your time. We wish you the best of luck wherever you go bro. A it is not where it is. Not how high you go, it's where you go and once you get there, yeah the journey really starts. Yes sir. Your journey doesn't start just getting to the NFL.


The journey starts once you arrive in the NFL. Absolutely. So Ocho And I wanna wish you best of luck the Nightcap family. Wanna wish you the best of luck and check back in when us down the road. Yeah. Alright. Appreciate it. Yeah, appreciate you. Appreciate you bro. Don't forget to eat McDonald's. Yeah, That's a moron. Hampton, the University of North Carolina running back projected to be a a first round pick mock. Had him go into the the Broncos. But we'll see. Since there has been a resurgence, we saw what Saquon did for the Eagles. We saw what Derrick Henry did for the Ravens offense. Josh Jacobs for the Packers. Jamir Gibbs for the, for the lions.


We saw Joe Mixon what he added to the Houston Texans. And so the running back is is is kinda like, hey, coming back, we saw the year before what CMAC did for the 49 ERs. Oh yeah. So the running back is is definitely coming back. Guys that can run can catch it. But you gotta be able to pass block. Yeah. Because once they found that you can't pass block, they gonna bless you. They gonna make you stay in at The time They gonna, they gonna make you stay. They gonna make you stay in though Joe. So we wish the young man the best of luck OCHO bro. Bruce Arian regarded as the quarterback whisperer spoke about Anthony Richardson. He said Anthony I think needed two more years in college as a passer.


I didn't see him as being able to beat anybody in too many in third down. If you can't do that in the NFL, you're just an average guy. Ah, he lie. Yeah, he lie. He's right. He's right. I have a You gotta, you got third ocho, you make your money on third down Every time. You gotta make your money On third down. Listen, you hope, you hope to make your hay on first to make second to third a little easier. Yes. But if you don't, the better the passing you are, the more easy it is to convert those third downs. Now obviously I think the repetitions obviously being in college would've helped him tremendously. If you look at the numbers, I don't have the numbers in front of me. So I don't wanna state and be and be and be wrong statistically. But he didn't play that many games in college. Huh? That's why he said he should've and he wasn't, he wasn't a high completion percentage guy in college.


Yeah. So we are not playing a whole lot. And I get why he came out ocho. Yeah. The guy with a top five pick. Oh yeah. He got 20 plus $25 million probably fully guaranteed. They ain't paying that in NIL and collective. So I get why. Right. I get why you get why his family gets, why because at the end of the day, why are we doing this Ocho We're trying to set our families up. That's how we, that that's how I'm not saying all, let me take that back. Every Ocho there's no such thing as all of every, but a lot of us, what we do this for is for our family. We are trying to get to the back as soon as we possibly can because everybody didn't grow up, grow up like a Grant hill that had a two parent or or the Mannings or the Watts.


So we grew up in a situation a lot of times his grandma, a lot of times his mom And we trying to get there to get them out of that situation. So I get why he did it. Right. But what Bruce has said, And I totally agree, he could have gotten a lot more by staying and getting better at his craft. Right. But at the end of the day, in the two minute drill and on third down is as a quarterback where you make your money, You gotta have it. You got to have it. But, but Unc who's to say there are a lot, there are a lot of quarterbacks in the NF NFL that have made it, that have stayed for four years, that have been there for a long time. Right. That struck in those same situations and convert third downs.


So just, that's Why you what what he, his big message is O ocho. Right. Two minute drill, third down. If you can't do that, you're average. So he's not saying that. Had he believed that he would've been better. Look at BA's record Peyton Manning, Andrew Luck, he worked with Big Ben Berger. Yes sir. Yes sir. Had had all those guys in his ear in the early stages. He worked with, he had Carson, if I'm not, I think he had Carson. Yeah. And in Arizona. Didn't In Arizona. Yeah. Okay. So he knows of something about the quarterback position. I like ba ba gonna tell you like it is, it ain't no sugarcoat with BA now. Yeah, yeah. Most definitely. If it come, hey, if it comes up, it's coming out.


Yeah. It, it was also one of the issues then over there in Tampa. Now remember? Yeah, AB absolutely. That's why they sent his ass upstairs. Absolutely. Yeah. So I believe because here's the thing, Ocho, he's a 50. He was a 50, maybe a 50% completion guy in college. If you are 50% in college, is he 50? He's 46. Put it like this here. He had a worse completion percentage than Tebow in the NFL and You know, Tebow was 47%. It was worse than Tebow's. So you're not gonna be successful for OCHO with the way the field is faced now.


Yeah. The way they protect the quarterback. The way they protect the receiver. Right. Everybody should be completing 60%. Yeah. Yeah. A a actually you you should because to, to me, I'm not saying the game is easy, but they made the offensive game much easier. Yes. And so that's why the Quarterback, especially the way defenders and defensive handicap. So now it used to be if you completed in the high fifties or you had a hell of a season. Oh yeah. Oh You actually they got a hell of a nineties when I got to the league. And even before Ojo, if you threw for 3000 yards was the standard if you threw for 3000 yards because everybody ran the football. That's why many believe Dan Marino still has the greatest statistical passing season.


Even though they passed him for yards. They passed him for touchdowns. He threw for four for 5,000 yards and 48 touchdown in that era. In the running era. Yeah. Yeah. Duper, duper and Clayton was eating. Boy, Boy. Do You know what they did? Look, I came in when they they knocked, they knocked your ass off. There was no part of the quarterback that was off limits. Right. The only thing you couldn't hit him at the bottom of his feet. And that's 'cause he was standing on him. Other than that, Everything was the green light From the top of the head to the top of your feet. Yeah. You remember I sent you that clip What Charles Martin did to a a a a Jim McMahon.


Oh yeah. He was just standing there and he looked around like, oh I got you. What? Oh that was commonplace. Go back and look. Bruce Smith jumps our sides. That's why they call ated to the quarterback. Right. Bruce jumped off sides, knocked Boomer sen out Of the game For like weeks. Not the game for weeks. It was, it was anything goes. Anything. And so they made it easier. So for a quarterback to be in the forties, Right. Lord Rolling. Bad bro. Bad. That's bad. It is Elcho. He's gotta get up to the mid fifties.


He's gotta get it up to the mid fifties. Ocho I have a question. Yes. Think a quarterback struggling to have a high percentage or high completion percentage. Do you think this because of his supporting the cast around him is not good enough? Man, he got some, Hey, you see what he got them receivers. He got, he got Jonathan Taylor in the back. We done forgot to mention Jonathan Taylor. We didn't mention him Ocho And honestly having Jonathan Taylor back there, it should make anything having to do with the pass game that much f it easier. Yes. Because I know they got, I know they got a say. I know they got a safety in the box. Yeah, absolutely they do. Absolutely. Absolutely. And you got Pitman. They got Pitman. They got another receiver too. That's really good.


They got, I forget his name though. Hey, number 10. Number 10. Oh yes. Yes. Oh my God. Hey Chad. Who? Oh hey, I apologize. I apologize for the disrespect, but Young Bull, whoever wears number 10, I I I forget your name boy. I'm telling you here out of my mouth. Boy, you is the real deal boy. You are the real deal. And I apologize if I remember your name, boy, young boy. You're the real deal boy. Oh yeah. What's his last name? Huh? I can't, I can't. Oh man, They got Michael Pitman Jr. What's the, what's that got? What's the other receiver? Pierce? Josh Jones. Downs. Alex Pierce. Oh that Alex Pierce, That's number 10. Name Alex Pierce And Downs.


They got down Josh Downs, Alec Pierce, Michael Pittman Jr. I think the tight end is Mo a Cox. And they got Jonathan Taylor and they had a Braden Smith took some time away. He was dealing with some, dealing with some things. They got a nice offensive line. Yeah. There's there's no reason there's none. Right. For him to be completing less than 50% of his passes because he missed a lot of throws. Ocho. And I say, bro, you don't have to throw everything through the I a hurricane. Gotta touch. You gotta touch, you gotta have some touch. You gotta have some finesse to your game. You gotta have some finess. The, I'm trying to think what quarterback is labeled of. Hang having a very Mitchell Mitchell. Mitchell is number 10.


OCHO Mitchell. Hey, what You don't know his first name? Addie Mitchell. It's A-O-M-A-R. Yeah. You whatever it is, he could cook. Hey, he be cooking. Hey brother Mi brother Mitchell. I apologize. I will never figure your name again, but I'm gonna tell you one thing. But I'm you, They got some nice receivers over there Ocho I'm talking about. Nice. Nice. And I, There's no reason for him. Mitchell has a bigger role coming to season. There's no reason for him to be completing 46% of his passes. Yeah. With that type of receiving core.


Oh yeah. With that offensive line and with Jonathan Taylor in your backfield. Well listen, he he might be better this year. You, you never know. You have a whole off season to work on things, work on the things you need to work on going into having another mini camp, another training camp up under your belt, You know, familiarity with the system you're in. I think I, I think and hoping, hoping this year he plays. Gotta Put the time in. Yeah, you got to. I'm Hom hoping he plays with a lot more confidence and he, he'll be fine. Gotta put the, you gotta put the time in. Yeah. Gotta put the time in. And if he does that, because remember we had, we had Pitman on. Yeah. Who else? We I we talked to some people like Lay bro.


He, he, he, you can't be the first, you can't be the, the the the the the last one in and the first one to leave. It's gotta be the first. It's gotta be first. Yeah. Reverse the first one in the last one to leave. Last One to leave. Not the last first, first last. Right. But I, hopefully, hopefully he gets it figured out because like I said, I think they got, look, that's a very competitive division. Oh yeah. You got, you got Houston, CJ Ra, Houston gonna be, you got Lawrence. You about to have Cam Ward in that division because all, look, if you go back and study it, Ocho look at it. It's a quarterback league. Yeah. Look at the NFC East. Ooh, look at the look at the a c look at the a C West.


What they have in the west. Look at these division. That'll you Who's winning it? Yeah. Yeah. Quarterbacks. 'cause that's what you gotta compete against you. I know they're not on the field at the same time, but you have to match him. You can't like, oh, our defense gonna hold him if I throw for 170 yards, we going No, you might win one or two games like that. Yeah. But you're gonna have to match that production Every time. So hopefully, hopefully a a ar gets this thing figured out and get this thing turned around The Volume


The world is facing urgent, monumental issues. And you may be considering a career where you can take your service to the next level and make a global impact in the heart of Washington dc Gain world renowned expert knowledge and a global network as you pursue a master's degree and turn your passion into practice. Thousands of the world's leaders got their start at the George Washington University's Elliot School of International Affairs. Are you next? GW is a proud Yellow Ribbon program participant.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited podcast series, Dubb Dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.