
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, and you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player to score six. Go to Draftking Sports but app make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious board on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


The Miami heat guard, Terry Rozier Alleg allegedly manipulated his performance in 2023 as part of an illegal sports betting scheme. Alarms were raised after suspicious wagers were placed on Rose in March of 2023. Game between the Charlotte Hornets and the New Orleans pelicans. The NBA said alarms were raised after unusual high number of wagers were placed on rose to go under statistical benchmarks. The firm tasked with monitoring gambling activities, US integrity, alerted the NBA and SPORTSBOOK rose left with a sore right foot after having scored only five points.


The NBA did its own internal investigation and found no wrongdoings, but the feds are now looking into the matter. Well, if the NBA didn't find any wrongdoings, what are the feds gonna do? Because if anything, if anybody could be any more thorough than checking players and anything gambling related, wouldn't it be the NBA Oh Joe and not the Fed? You think I wanna find something that's going on with my player and manipulating the games. That's what I want. Okay. Alright. You right. Think about Tim Donah. He was the feds. I can't, I can't let no hell no.


See where you going with it? I see where you going with it, but I but but listen, protecting the, protecting the shield, the NBA shield. But you gonna, you gonna let the player skate on by without showing land down the law? Oh, sure. Letting the other players know. Listen, this is something that we're not gonna tolerate. We're not having this, it's gonna look even worse if the FBI finds something when you've already done your due diligence and your research to see if he did anything wrong. I'm hoping the FBI don't snoop. I'm hoping the FBI says, okay, they did their investigation. Let's let it lie. Okay. Okay. Okay. What I'm hoping I don't want, listen, ocho, they already say, what do fans think the script is in?


Man? He gave read. Do I really want that ocho? Right, right, right. What I don't understand with these guys, and this is an allegation, guys are making so much money, ocho why would you, why would you even run the risk? Right? The risk is just too great. Right? I don't ocho I don't get it. A guy that's making 19, somewhere between 19 and $25 million. Right? For a few, for a couple of dollars for the homies or somebody you willing to risk that and your good name and your reputation.


Yeah. And take, they take your, I don't know, dude. I don't know if they take people to jail. Maybe that's a fight. I don't know really. Hey, everybody's mindset is different. And just the thought of it thinking, you know, I can get away with this. I can make a little extra cash on the side. Not that you would need it. Not that you would need it as an NBA player, you know, but hey, I ain't chocho. I look, I make X amount of dollars. I ain't trying to flip 10. If I get 10 M on Cho, I ain't trying to flip that. I'm gonna take my little 5, 7, 5 to 7% and I'm gonna keep it moving. Right. That's a crazy mentality. And I got 10 M I'm gonna flip that thing and make that thing 20, huh?


Right. Good luck with that. Exactly. Do you understand what you gotta potentially do? Yeah. Risk is too great, Too. Great. And this says Ro has made 134 s in his career. Three four, a hundred thirty four. That's a lot. Everybody. Yes. That's a whole, that's a whole change. And wecho, we talked about this. Ocho, when you make that kind of money, you get access that the, that the, the average people can't get. Right now. You get an opportunity to put a little fund together.


Hey, somebody come in little entry level, they went, hey, boom, boom. And now you hit a lick with an Uber, you hit a lick with this company, you hit a a lick with that company. Now you 10 x 15 x 20 x your money on 200,000. Look at Kobe Body Armor. Eight mil flipped it right. Sold a Coca-Cola, 400 mil. James Hart said, Hey, Kobe talked him into it. He put a little something in there. Boom. Right. 50 cents took stock, vitamin water got sold. Hundred mill. You were like that guy. Come on guys, y'all got too much money. I hope.


I hope this is the truth. I really do. I hope this is just an allegation. And when the FBI do their due diligence, they say, nah, there was nothing. There was nothing that he really had a sore foot, yada, yada, yada. But just like they called Michael Porter Jr. Brother manipulated the thing. He lord have mercy. Yeah. He was tripping. Jesus. He tripping. Hey, I don't, Hey, I ain't really trying to, I don't know. Ocho Ocho, we got something special for the people tonight. We got your favorite back. We got your favorite back.


It's type of Spello secret. Oh, here we go. We got No, I been waiting on this. You Been waiting on this? You been waiting on, Hey, I've been waiting minute it a minute. Lemme Tell you Ocho Hey, before we even, before we even start now, this is what I've been doing and I'm happy we haven't been doing it because I've been on my flights having to work. I've been taking my thesaurus with me. So you been Taking jojo. So you ready Been The SARS for me? I've been that words. Yeah. I hate, I gotta, I gotta learn.


Yeah. I talk too goddamn damn fast, man. Hey, how do, how do I, I need to tell you some type of classes or something. Slow down because I be, I be talking so fast. I can't even get the goddamn words out. Jesus, slow down. It's the same thing I do. I do the same thing. I get excited. Like if I'm just having a regular conversation, my voice is like very monotone. Very baritone. When I get excited, I Get excited. Yeah. Yeah. So, alright. Ocho, your first word. Mnemonic. Mnemonic. Yes. Mnemonic, mnemonic.


Mnemonic. I'm, I'm, I'm taking A-N-A-M-N-A-M-O-N-I-C mnemonic. M-N-E-O-N-I-C. Mnemonic. Wait a minute. Calling. I can't see it. My eyes bad Nature boy. Rick flair. Rick Flair. Yeah. Hey. Alright. Ocho. Oh this one Ocho this one. I know you gonna to get this one. Yeah.


Ter dal terra dal. Oh hell nah. Hey, come on. Huh? I know you got there with ocho. I just ocho this ocho I said, I said, I said Ash, I bet five to a bucket of cow manure. Ocho will get tactal. Listen, tactal is a good word. I saw Jurassic Park. Yes, I saw Ssic Park. I even had the de the tactal of from Heman. There was a Tactal and Heman. Yes. That's a crazy word. But here we go. You ready? Yep. Tera Tera. TERR. Oh my goodness. No. T-E-T-E-R-A.


Dtu. T-A-C-T-U double L. I know, that's, I know that's wrong. You absolutely correct. That is wrong. It's, it's PTER. You Can to see it like that. Now. Come on now. It's P-T-E-R-O-D-A-C-T-Y-L. Pterodactyl. God Damn. How about this? There was no way I was gonna get that. Oh, come on. Talk to Fle. Fle a big you secretion of mu mucus is like to it. Hey, you know what's funny? I bet this is one of those words where the first word, you know, I, I'm thinking it phlegm starts like FIF ffl.


And I bet it's probably had, it's probably something else in the front of it. And it's probably silent. Huh? Fle. Okay. I appreciate that. Phlegm. P-H-L-I-M. I'm wrong. P-H-L-E-G. Mle. I'm not doing good tonight. Huh? You're not doing good o don't you? But here they, there's still hope. I'm not, I'm not doing good tonight. I I don't think we can let too much time go, go, go past. Okay. So you, So you need, you need, need fellow seco at least twice a week.


Yeah. Yeah. 'cause this, this ain't this, this ain't it. It it is not given Hey Palm. Who? Hey. A palm. A palm. Now when I sound it out a palm, now I'm, you know, the eng the English language and the way things are spelled can be tricky. Now the way I'm signing it out, a palm A-P-A-L-M. Now am I wrong if I'm wrong? P-L-O-M-B.


See that? See that? Why, why they gotta be so exotic? Why not just spell it has sounds man. But you got this one. Ocho this was you resuscitate, resuscitate, Resuscitate. After scoring a touchdown against the Jacksonville Jaguars Jackson. I had to resuscitate the football. Yes. Ate RECE double S-R-E-C-E-S-I-T-A-T-E-R-E-S-U-S-C-I.


Tt Where do you, where do you come Fromt? Where do you come from? Ru ces. Sir Kate. Sir, You know what this is, this is not a good night. Unfortunately. Y'all killed it. Didn't do too well tonight. Hey, I, this, I went oh four five. Yeah. How many times have I, you know, I haven't gone oh four five in a minute. It have been, it's been a, it's been a minute or two. I will give you credit. It's been a minute. Yeah. Maybe you jump back on them. Harvard online classes.


Yeah. You know, you know they, they banned, they banned me from, from, from Harvard. Well, you might need try Yale, LeBron. Yeah. You know I lied on the transcripts. Yeah, we figured that. And, and, and, and President Trump just did away with DEI. So you get stuck. Hey, hey. I have, I have a question. Listen, I'm, I'm glad you said that. Now you know, you know, now you know, you know your your little nephew. I don't beat too much into politics now. Yeah. And I know we gotta get going on, but can you please Chad, you excuse me for a minute, Chad. You know, I, I need this little lesson real quick. DDEI gimme, I need a little background.


Who's up? You got this? What you need? What's up? I, I don't know what, I don't know what DDEI is. Huh? You don't mean diversity, equity, and inclusion. Okay. Okay. I, okay. I know, I know what that is. So you did away with that in general? Yeah. He's asking a lot of corporations that added it. Some are taking it out. Right? Some are leaving it in. Some were more than happy to take it out. Mm damn.


So, So they, they, so they, they done, they done took the hoods off right in front of us. Huh? Hey. They like, look. Ah, It what it is.


Ocho we all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, when when you send it, yeah. You're just like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General Manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy, athletes first, CEO were pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright, ocho, time for retribution. Now it's time for dunk on up. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Chat. Here we go. Chat. Lemme see if I can get Uncle go. Hold on oh five. You see that form Mojo? You see that form? Mojo That form. That's not, that's not good form. Hey, I need to, I need to send you, I'm gonna send you the lethal shooter because that ain't it. It's it, yeah. Wrong. The form is wrong. The wrist is all off. Uhuh, Uhuh. You see that if wrist ain out here like this here. That's that. Ya ya. Now you can't shoot. Here we go. Let me see. Lemme see you making this shot right here. Here we go. Which city hosted the coldest Super Bowl in 1972?


What city hosted the coldest Super Bowl in 1972? Woo. Yeah. Yeah. 72. Oh yeah. 1972. I want smoke in this room so bad ain't gonna do it though. 1972. Oh yeah. I don't know Tulane Stadium. I don't know. You think you slick? What you So you gonna look at the chat and then just say Tula Stadium out nowhere.


Come on. Show. Don't do me like this. Come on man. Come on. Now you now you didn't know the answer. You sat back, put your hand on your S chin, looked at the chat and this said Elaine Stadium. I got no chat. I ain't got no chat. I how you don't got no chat. You always got a chat off. You just turn it off. He, oh, cheer. Okay, come on. I'm gonna let your head that. Don't worry about it. I'm let you head that. You ready? Good. Yes. Question number two. Hey, people in the chat, man, please don't, don't write the answer. Don't write the answer. Matter of fact, if you write the answer, they know it.


Oh, they know it. All they gotta do is Google. If you write the answer, I'm gonna block you. Don't Chad, if you write the answer, I'm gonna block you. Okay? No, I don't, I don't wanna Do you like that? Because I love you. I love every last one of you. Question number two, which game was the first Super Bowl to go into overtime? Which game was the first Super Bowl to go into overtime? Ah, Let me see. Was It played in Houston? Was it the comeback Atlanta? Huh? You asking me a question?


I'm asking you whether it played in Houston. Is it the Falcons and the New England Patriots? The question was, which game was the first Super Bowl? The Patriots and the Falcons. Okay. Okay. You got that? You got that? Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I see you little jab walkie. Okay. The unc you know, unc that on that.


Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. In Super Bowl history, which team's, 45 point margin of victory stands at the largest ever. Ah, San Francisco 49 ERs defeated the Denver Broncos and this in New Orleans by the score of 55 to 10, that is the largest Super Bowl margin of victory. Now, the out boys were about to do break that until Leon let got scripted of the football at the gold line. So my answer is San Francisco, 49 ERs 55, 10 victory over the Denver Broncos.


You know what? We shouldn't have done that question because you know the history of the Broncos and them getting beat. Okay? You say how long I got a corn it plugged in, broke the hole. I'm logged out, I'm logged on. Don't you? I'm logged on. I'm, I'm having a bad knife. Bad night. Listen, don't, Hey, listen, you know what? I might, I might have went on five and you might be three and oh, but I'm in The Bahamas, so I'm still feeling good. I'm, I'm all right, I'm on vacation. Okay, Come on. Alright, here we go. Which running back has caught the most passes in a single Super Bowl.


What? Running back has caught the most passes. Not cd, super Bowl. I, But if I'm not mistaken, Hmm, I think it's 14. Very small running back could have easily been the MVP. I think it's James White. Hey, you know what? Somebody briefed you on this shit already, man. Somebody brief you on this. Y'all put, because I'm logged on right now. Nah, I'm logged On right now. Hey Chad. Something ain't right, Chad. Some something ain't right. Chad, Chad. Hey, look, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but you were briefed on these questions ahead of time, but there's no way, you know, So you I Not brief.


I was sleep ahead of time. Okay, here we go. If you get this one, which receiver has caught the most passes in a single Super Bowl, Which receiver has caught the most passes? The most passes in a single Super Bowl? The Marus Thomas. That is absolutely wrong. We finally got him. We finally got him. We stumped the swab. The answer you were looking for is Dion Branch, super Bowl 39. He had 11 catches. Check Dion, take Demarius Thomas Super Bowl against the Seattle Seahawks. How many passes did he call?


What's the number? I would just tell, tell Ocho there, tell Ocho Ocho what? What? Oh my goodness. Okay.


Hey, cheating man. He cheating. He cheating. Okay, so I keep Telling you, Hey, hey you, you own one tonight, bro. You own one tonight. They talking me SLE Shannon Gel Sharp. You got Google and you got Schule. Who you think Google Call when they wanna know something? Me. Hey you, you own one tonight. I'm gonna give you that. I'm gonna give you that. I'm gonna give you that. I'm, I have On it. I'm having all tonight. And that's okay. Oh, I go to the crib they call. Hey, who do you think? Google. Google. I be up all night. That's why I can't get no sleep because people type it in and I'm responding.


Here We go. My bad. As they, the the, for, for, for context, Demarius Thomas against the Seattle Seahawks caught 13 passes. That is the most passes caught in a Super Bowl. Did they win that game? No, they did not win that game. Okay. They got blown out that game. Oh, you ready? You wanna gimme another you want me to give a bonus? You wanna to get this bonus? The last one. He don't want me to go undefeated y'all. Here we go.


Prior to Jamar Chase, who was the last wide receiver to win the Triple Crown did not make it to the playoffs Sterling Sharp in 1992. Okay? You got it. You got it. You you got it. You, I I threw, oh listen, I just threw that there. Just see, Right now I been get Ocho they called me. Shoot. You think that Just, I just tried to see, IIII could get you to slip up real quick. Okay. Hey, you, you had a good night tonight. You had a good run. You know I'm, Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna give you a hand. I'm gonna give you a hand. No, you, you was on point. They gonna be chug Except the chat gave me that first.


The chat gave that first answer though. That Tulane, they gave the first answer. The chat ain't no Ocho check this out though. We gotta move to Texas. It is illegal to look through your spouse's phone in Texas without their consent. In 2023, Texas passed legislation that prohibits accessing spouse's phone, online accounts, or social media without their permission. It also permits prohibits tracking spouse's vehicle or personal belongings without their consent. It is considered a Class B misdemeanor state or a state jail felony.


I'll leave my, Hey, I'll leave my phone out. I'll leave it over though. Y'all go to sleep? Yeah, but you know what? They just ain't gonna tell you. They went through it. How they know. How you see how you set that trap? You gotta set that trap. You gonna set the trap? Yeah, you get you another phone and you have somebody leave their voicemail or leave their voice on it. So when they call that phone, say this is such and such, do you call, Hey, do you call such and no play the voice back. Is this you? Oh, okay. Okay. You going to jail? That's slick. Hey, I'm be like that girl in Atlanta.


You about to lose your job. You about to lose your job time. Houston. See, we don't have a problem. We, We have lift off. We going to Houston. We going to Houston? Baby. Ready? My morning. Hey, that, that, that phone, that phone, that phone. Different man. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Bone is different.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, you was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race's. Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down, stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Ard, tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Demers, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you, by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, you Wish you could pull off my short shorts Perky, That's short to Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL history? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy, athletes' first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars, like Dak Prescott, uat, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Check this album ocho. It's our last segment of the evening and it's q and a Triplex cup sanity. My black Nightcap beanie came in today. Thank you. Thank you so much. We're glad you like it. Hope you like it. Hey, as a matter of fact, send us, take a picture and send us a picture and you, are you in it, bro? Kim Bernard with Junior say my que my question is, is where is Dirk on your list of powered forwards one through 10? Tim Duncan is number one. So we not letting, there ain't nothing to dispute on that, right?


He's number one. Ooh, for me, I go Car Malone two. Here's where it gets tricky. Now, if Moses Malone is a power forward, I would go Moses Malone two, right? Because Moses has three MVPs and a finalist MVP. But if he's a sinner, he's out of this discussion. So now it comes down, is it KG or is it Dirk?


I'll go ticket. Dirk Barkley Big ticket. Dr. Frankie l Beman said, Hey fam, just thank this time next week y'all, we be coming on stage dancing to Waka Flocka flame. I can't wait. Get your tickets now. That's right Doc. I can't wait. I can't wait. Yeah, no way. You moving. Hello? Hold on. We come, we coming out. We coming out to smoke in confetti. If you smoking the cigar, we coming out to smoke. Nah, we, I can't smoke in the Mahalia.


The Maha can. Oh, ain't smoking now. Matter of fact, we, we should come out the Mahalia Jackson Gospel music. No, not all that cursing you gonna be doing. Absolutely not. I don't curse. I stopped. You ain't notice I ain't cursed the last 2, 2, 3 shows. I sure appreciate that. That's really nice. Yeah, right. Yeah. See, there you go. Isaiah Lancaster, UNC Ocho. What are your thoughts on the 49 ERs bringing back Robert Sala and do you guys see bringing him being a threat next season? Also, UNC, what's your NBA finals prediction? Yes. I love Robert Sala because yes, even though Steve Wilkes had the defense playing at a extreme high level, Hey, congratulations with Steve Wilkes.


The new DC went with ag to the Jets. Congratulations, Wilkes. I know Wilkes known him a long time. He used to be head coach in Savannah State, so I knew him way before he got into the NFL. So congratulations to Steve Wilkes. But I love the Robert SLA High. He had that defense play at an extremely high level. Hopefully they can stay healthy. That's a big key with a team like the 49 ERs. But I do see them, I I I think the 49 ERs will be right back in it. They have far too many injuries too early in the season to overcome those. That's not an excuse, but I do see them being a major, major player in the NFC next year. Definitely NBA finals prediction.


I, I guess I gotta take chalk. I'm gonna take the thunder. And who you taking the Cavs or the, or the Celtics. Probably the Celtics. Again, Just to be different. You, I go to Cavs. I go to Cavs. J 2 1 3 say, oh no, Cho, what brand did y'all always have in your home as a kid? For us it was, it was an open box of armor. Hammer stuck in the Yes, it was in the free refrigerator. Yeah. And the freezer and the refrigerator. Yeah. Yeah. Same. And yes, that grease sitting in that po We had Maxwell house coffee over stove.


Yes. Three six. Yep. Same thing. Yeah, I, our grandma was the Same. Yeah. And sometimes the fish taste like chicken and sometimes the chicken tastes like fish because you all got all pride. The same grease. Oh yeah, same. Yep. That's a good one. Alan Fletcher. What's up Uncle Ocho hitting the usher again? Y'all ain't that Why Ocho Ocho why you do that, man? What you got people actually thinking that man Ash in his ear helping him. Ash ain't helping me. And and guess what? If Ash talking, we can both hear it.


It is all good. It's all good. You, you had your night and night, man, I ain't tripping. I did. Every dog has his date. Jay was my date. Jenny Ail. Y'all pray for me. I have my final three panel job interview tomorrow for client management and operations. An analyst position. New York. New York salary manifested on New Year's Eve. Well, Jenny, here at Nightcap, we're wishing you the bust the luck, but luck. Good luck is not what you need. Luck. It is what happened when preparation meets opportunity. Allmond says luck is what they call it. Yeah. And you better walk in that life. You honing too now. Yeah.


That don't go in that shot. Don't go in that timid walk in that thing like Miranda Priestly and the Never Wears pr. Yeah. Dead high. No. What did Armon Say? Our shoulder. Yeah. Look goes to those that are prepared. Yeah. Look. Yeah. No. What'd he say? Victory goes to those who are prepared. Look, some call, yeah. Niosh Ocho What was it like meeting Aldo or do you think he'll he will or should play 2026 World Cup? Oh man, it was cool. You gotta think. I, I met Aldo.


What year was that? We were both with Nike at the, we were both with Nike at the time. And this is how the, obviously you've been following me for a while. My relationships with all the soccer players to date started because I was with Nike. So I met Ronaldo when he was with, when he was with sporting years ago, years ago. And that's when I started, you know, traveling over to, to see everyone abroad and meeting all the players that happened to be signed with Nike at the time. So it was dope. He was very, very inquisitive about the way we trained in the NFL. He was, he was healthy, he did, didn't drink, didn't smoke, didn't do anything. He's very, very, very extremely disciplined as, as far as diet is concerned.


So we're the complete opposite in that area. But, but he's dope. He's dope as hell, man. He's dope as hell. Very, very dope. Jonathan said, Hey, uncle Ocho name is Jonathan was hoping y'all could wish me a happy belated birthday turned 29. Any words of wisdom. Also, UNC, I'm no longer a cowboy fan, so I guess I'm already on the right path. Much love, happy belated birthday bro. 29 years of age, one year from the big three. Oh, hopefully you did something fun. Got a chance to hang out with family, friends and loved ones, but words of wisdom. Believe in you. Yeah. Believe in you. Trust you continue to work hard.


And you know, I tell people to work hard, hard work doesn't guarantee you anything, but I just believe without it, you don't have a chance. Mm. Tsunami ojo. How are you convinced that Joe, Joe b Lamar or Allen will get a Super Bowl? Marino, moon Boomer, Kelly, Matt, Ryan, cab, Cole, pepper, Cunningham, Vic Rivers never got one. Pat ain't going anywhere. I mean, I just said that, you know, hey Tom Brady wasn't going anywhere either, but Flaco got him one, didn't he Got him one. Huh? Ben Berger got him one, didn't he? That's all the A FC. Yep. Got him two.


Same thing. Same concept. At some point they gonna get them one, the, the, the beast. They got somebody gonna slay the beast. You know, it's not gonna happen often, but it's gonna happen. Jonie, Fanna, peace. Love you guys. Can I get a shout out to my cousin Lori, who lost her son Ryan three years ago to a Fentanyl overdose. Happy his birthday tomorrow. I would appreciate God bless. Yes. We're sorry. Ocho and I are very sorry that you are your, your cousin lost your son tragically to a, an overdose. Obviously that's never easy. It's always very, very difficult on parents when they have to bury a child because that's not the way it was intended to be.


Ch children are supposed to bury parents, not parents, buried children. So I can just imagine how traumatic of a experience that was for your cousin. So yeah, our thoughts and prayers are with her. Hopefully she's doing well. Hopefully God gave her peace and understanding and strength to, to realize that he makes no mistakes and he is son is resting comfortably now, sir. Kate, what's up guy? Unc my question, even though Hornet's paid La Melo ball already, how can they bring a superstar or a savvy vet to help them out before he even thinks about leaving?


I don't think they can. Charlotte is not a, not a preferred destination. Right? You're gonna just like, just like this. We, we talked about this the other day. Ojo, just like San Antonio was not a preferred destination. They had to be drafted great in the draft, draft drafted. Well you, you had David Robinson and, and, and 87 and he kept it afloat. And then you got Tim Duncan, who Robinson still had a year, had, you know, had some, some tread on the tires. But then you get Parker and you got Gin Noli and then a couple of years down the road you ended up getting Kauai. That's how, that's how it happens. It's not a preferred destination. Say like an la like a New York Ns or like New York.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. Things like that happen. Would Boston be a preferred destination? I don't know about me. All those guys got traded KG got traded there. Okay. Okay. Ray Allen got traded there, right? Holiday got traded there. Now they drafted, well they got back to back years. They got JB the next year. I think they got jt, you know, they drafted Rondo, they drafted the truth. Paul Pierce. But no, they traded for Ingles, they traded for Derrick White.


So that concludes fire if I can see that.


That concludes this edition of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the Nationwide 5G Network.


Guys, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Thank you for joining us. I'm your favorite up. Shannon Sharpe, that guy, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, thank you for your support. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. And go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. And what better way to celebrate the 2025 year off to a great start. Start hopefully for everyone. And if you can't find Shea by La Portier in a city or a state near you, reach out.


Order it. We'll sip ship it directly to you. Please drink responsibly. Please stay safe. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of its platform. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything just restock. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've also dropped new beanies in every color. Also, we've introduced gift cards available from 25 to $500. It takes the guesswork out of it and lets someone special pick exactly what they want. Fans, NFL fans alike Chiefs, we know a lot of your chief fans and Eagle fans are gonna be in New Orleans, but NFL fans tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans are on sale now.


The link is pin at the top of the chat. VIP meet and greet. Unfortunately those tickets are sold out, but there are still plenty of tickets left. Good seats available to attend the big show show February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there. We got special guests. Coach Prime, master P, master P and Flavor Flav are just some of the massive, massive guest lists that we have planned for you guys. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe both been nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap has been nominated, outstanding podcast, art, sports, and entertainment. Love Shehe was nominated. Outstanding podcast, society and Culture. And myself, I've been nominated for Entertain of the Year for an NAACP image award.


Go vote for you guys, myself and ocho. The link is pinned in our social bios. Again, that concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. We will see you down the road probably Saturday, maybe Sunday, but we'll see you enjoy ocho Yo, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and, and ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and round up of the weeks top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.