
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday feast. Join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots the turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you, from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


This Podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. A person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The Volume, The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


How did the local force culture, you know, influence you as a kid? And did they in any way shape your competitive driving? Yes, because you know, PG County, why wouldn't the, where I'm from is, you know, they call it Basketball county. You know, we got kd Oh yeah, yeah. Of que fulls. Michael Beasley, Dante West. So many, so many people. I'm forgetting just off the top of my brain right now. But so many dope. It killed my basketball dreams real early, first and foremost because you hooping against dogs every night. Dogs every night. And I, I had, I had a pup in me. I ain't gonna lie with you, I had a pup in me man. And so it allowed me to really focus on making music full-time at an early age because I know I ain't have a chance with Hoops, man.


So on, on that sport. But as far, I mean Redskins now the commander culture is crazy. Like I grew up watching the Santana Moss, Jason Campbell, Clinton Portis, Sean Taylor, RIP watching you tear up, you know what I'm saying? Watching, watching you tear up OCHO and Yeah. Yeah. And even the Wizards, you know, like love the John Wall, Brad Bill era. So I say all that to say because unfortunately the sports team, you know, wizards had some good ears. We had a couple good years with the skins. We having a great year with the commanders. But because those good ears were so, were so few and far between, it was real fans like real deal fans.


Like if you love the Commanders, you don't halfway like them, you love them. Same with the Wizards. You know, right now we in the rebuilding phase, we got Bilal, you know, doing this thing. We got Alex saw Jordan pool hooping, you know, so it, I I guess growing up more so of like that, even football, we got Stefan Diggs, you know, the Diggs Brothers both from Maryland as well. Stefan, he, he hooped at Maryland at the terms as well. So, I mean, this is a real big, like just sports coach out there for sure. The Who haven't you collab with? Gimme your dream collab someone that you haven't been in studio with that like, man, I would love it can be male or female, someone you like to be your dream collab Ocho You know, you took the words right out my mouth.


Ocho you took the words right out my mouth. I ain't gonna lie. I'm glad you said it for me, but since you said it for me, I think it's my second option. My second option. So my first Ocho my second. Can they, can they, can we do dead alive on? I'm going to the grave. Okay. I'm gonna to the grave. I'm going to the grave giving them up. I'm going, Marvin Gaye. I love Marvin Gaye. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Ooh, is Al Green still alive? I think he's still alive. He's okay. I don't know. Yes. Okay. I love some Al Green. I'm just going to the folks I sample 'cause it'll be cheaper than sampling them.


I'm, nah, if you guys sing this folks, you know, excuse me. Marvin Gaye Al Green and Mike Mike. No, I don't know how me and Mike will combine. That's, that's just the business side of me thinking, honestly. That's just all business thinking of Mike. Right? Well, and he's obviously one of the greatest of all time, but yeah, Al Green or Marvin Gaye, man. Oh, oh, you know Barbara Mason. Now I'm going Barbara Mason all day. Wow. Do you believe I do you believe Marvin great Gay is the greatest RB single barber. He From, I gotta say he from Maryland too dc Yeah. Just point that out there. Nah, matter of fact, I mean, you know what, yes, sir. Can answer that.


Right? And you think about who you think about that answer about Marvin Gaye being the greatest RB singer of all time. I will, I will say this, for those of you in the chat that have probably never seen it, Marvin Gaye sang the Greatest Star-Spangled Banner at the 1984 NBA Allstar game. I've never ever seen it heard of Star Spand Banner sing in that manner, in that type of tone, Legendary singer and songwriter Mickey Howard shared a striking memory from the height of her career after winning a Soul Train music award. She's a devoted fan of Anita Baker. Saw her idol backstage expecting congratulations. She was instead met with shark critic.


A sharp comment as Anita whispered, put that award on your mantle because it's the last award you're gonna get. The remarks stung Mickey leaving her with mixed emotion reflected on that moment. Mickey Howard explained how serious and competitive arts arched were in that era, particularly those who legendary status. She noted that performers like Anita Bakers, Chaka Khan were intensely focused on their craft with a passion that extended to even casual interactions like ChaCha's unwillingness to lose a legend at a game of cards. Chaka Khan, Anita Baker, Aretha flanking, Aretha Franklin. So this diva ain't just, this diva is ain't just started because they wanna make it seem like it just started with Whitney and Mariah and Beyonce back.


So we talking about, we talking about before we born The Patti LaBelle of the world. Man, stop playing. What you, what you talking about, man? Yeah, hold up. Didn't hold on. Didn't, didn't Anita Baker kick baby face off a tour? That I don't know. Chad, help me. Chad. Chad, am I right? I think, I think her and Babyface had a tour and I think Babyface was getting a little bit more attention or praise or something. And I think she kicked him off the tour. Now, I could be wrong if I'm speaking out place going That somebody I'm thinking read something That Anita Baker and somebody, I, I, I can't remember another artist from, from back then. They just been taking, they been taking pop shots at each other on Twitter.


It Y'all hold up You'all. Remember when they had, hold on. They had these women singing, I think it was Mariah, I think it was Aretha. Yeah. They had Christina Aguilera. They had 'em all out there on choke and they, Hey, yeah, you not fitting out Do me, they got say, y'all know, y'all better stop playing with the queen now every time one would go, another will go higher and another will go higher. Yeah. And another will go higher. Stop playing. Now we can do this all day. How y'all want to do it.


Yeah. So, Yeah. Oh, listen. And anything that you, but everything is Boat. You wanna be great when you wanna be great at whatever it is that you doing, you know, when it comes to music. Yeah. Hell, it could be the corporate world if you're trying to climb that goddamn damn ladder, sports, football, basketball, I mean, that, that's just what it is. You know, anything else that you're doing in life where you're not trying to be the best and the greatest at it, you're just wasting your time. Unless you're just doing it for a check, you know, Break and, nah, nah. Them women, they wanna be, I mean, Shanka and, and, and Patti LaBelle and Aretha. Hey boy. I mean, you know when you talk Yeah. Stephanie Mill, hey.


Yeah. Oh, she, hey, That woman, she about by this tall, she Can blow that. She got a set of lungs on her Grass. Yeah. Hey, go back. That stuff that she did with a, a teddy. Hey boy. S y'all would Stop, Stephanie. Hey, sometime I come across them old like I pull up. You see them old women sink old women, but old clips of those women sink. I wish, I wish They just don't make them like that. Like They, you I was able to see Tina Marie live. Oh, Hey, I opened up.


Remember Tina Marie? Absolute crime. What you man, I I got all that back. Back. Listen. Fire. The same era of music, man. You know, I remember, I remember when Kin re was at an absolute apex, Rick Talking about I did not know. Oh. Because Until I was grown, hear the Voice you would never know unless you, unless you see her, you would never know. Ain't nothing white stop. Oh no. Ain't nothing white. Ain't nothing white about that. And she's Christina Aguilar. I Dunno what it's about. Christina Aguilar, Another one Voices. Shea Grande. Yay. Talls.


But Ariana Grande. Yeah. Tina Number. Where you gonna say Mel? Know about Know Bob Moore. Man. Yes. Hey, Melba, you know Moore on that? The street. He always hit me up. Hey Melba, how you doing? Yeah. All yes. If I Ask you Late Legends icons in the game, man. Oh, Joe Jil White is catching heat online after saying he feels Family Matters is left out of legacy. Black entertainment and Family Matters, always ranking Laugh on the polls of favorite black shows underneath Martin 11 Single. Whoa, whoa. I don't Understand. This story is not a black Show. Family Matters is, is, is, is is a, a legacy when it comes to sitcoms back in the day.


Family Matters Margin. Yes. Is is all under the same umbrella. Well, I mean, I'm not sure what you're talking about A different world. I mean, need, need, need. I keep going, living single. I mean, I mean, it, it just is. And what he can't worry about is when publications or media outlets talk about what, let's talk the culture, the culture in general, and how that show resonates with all of us when it comes to fam, the Cosby Show Family, all that is under the same arm. Oh, AB that wasn't nothing. Listen. Absolute not. And the Cosby definitely wasn't No damn who's Mistaken? I'm not sure where he is getting his information from. But listen, it, it resonates with all of us is It was okay, but bro, it is.


Okay. Listen, it's okay, bro. You got, I think, I think the show was on seven years run. Seven years. Yo Honey, You had a nice run. You can't concern, you can't concern yourself about how the culture feels about certain shows. It's okay. It's okay. That doesn't make any, that don't make any less. You were phenomenal in the role that you played. Urkel is one of the, the roles that we'll remember forever. But I don't think many people think Family Matters was as good a show as Martin as Good a show as Living single as Good a show, as a different world as good a show.


All they're all special And They're, It's Not they all, it's Okay. Different. They all something different, you know? Yes. Family Matters was the family dynamic. The Family Dynamic Bill. I mean, the Cosby Show was a family dynamic. Yeah. Now if you wanted, if you wanted to watch something else, then you watch a different type of show that didn't give you that family dynamic. But it was, it was fun. Family Matters was great, man, from top to Goddamn damn Bottom, man. Life lessons, you know, all, all type of stuff they gave us along with laughter. Yes. But it's okay. But look, I I, I, I like, I disagree.


I don't think, because it wasn't a Hood story isn't why it's ranked underneath Living Single in some of those other shows. Right, right, right. I just think those other shows were better. That's just me. Now there are some people that say, Hey, I like Family Matters and that's fine too. But Martin was a appoint viewer. Living single was Apartment Buick. Right. It, it just, it just was, it ain't nothing wrong with that. I mean, people will still watch Martin To this day. First time they be showing them clip The first time Seeing it. Fox is weird. And Martin Martin show the Jamie Fox show. It just happened to be one of them ones. They were special in their own Right. But that doesn't take anything away from what Family Matters.


Yes. Brought to some people. It it is all preface and what you like. It doesn't, that was, it was a right. Hey, I, I still what you wanted to fight Pam? Yeah. Rosco. I mean, little dude Man, listen man. Rosco Yeah. Martin Martin was great boy. Martin was great.


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You learn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video makes the catch touchdown. This week, the Denver Broncos visit the Los Angeles Chargers in a game with big playoff implications. This is unbelievable. Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game game. It's the Broncos and Chargers Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Has TV gotten really complicated lately? You're either endlessly searching for your favorite shows or subscribing to a dozen different streaming services. You don't even save as much money when compared to the cost of old cable bills. Thankfully, Philo has changed all of that. One service, all the stuff you need. Philo's got current seasons of the shows you can't miss. Live on networks like Paramount, A and EMTV, discovery and TLC classics like the Office, Martin and Friends that you can never get sick of. And all of the incredible originals on a c plus from Mad Men to Orphan Black. Don't forget their library of more than 75,000 movies and shows, all of which you can save and rewatch any time for a whole year. Never miss a minute of shows like Yellowstone Love After Lockup and Friends. Best of all with Philo, you get all this for just $28 a month. No contracts, no hassles, just one subscription and a world of entertainment. So go to philo.tv and check it out for a free seven day trial. That's PHI TV to start watching.


How would you like to get in the best shape, the healthiest shape of your life for less than $5 a day? I'm Body CEO Carl Dyler, that's Body With an Eye. And I've got your Healthy Bundle with a world class workout, healthy eating Plan, plus the healthiest and most delicious nutrition shake that will make you feel amazing and really improve your digestion, if you know what I mean. All for less than $5 a day. This is your healthy bundle, your workout, your easy eating plan, and a delicious nutrition shake called Shakeology. And if you don't lose up to 10 to 15 pounds in your first three weeks, I'll give you your money back. Imagine a trainer and dietician giving you all this for less than $5 a day. Plus a healthy Superfood shake that curbs cravings helps you lose weight and gives you healthy energy. It's unprecedented and it's your healthy bundle. So write down this web address, go to your healthy bundle.com, that's your healthy bundle.com and see how healthy and fit you can get for less than $5 a day.


How? Show speed Respond to Tyreek Hill. Calling him out. Man, I'm tired of hearing your ish. I pulled up on you at practice last time. You didn't wanna race me because you were scared. Let's do a hundred thousand race Meter. 40 meters. Oh shoot bro. I, Hey. Yeah, I show, I, I show speed. Speed going. Had to get out bro. Listen, he's, he's quick, but Tyreek strength is historic. He right, he right now. Ba he gone. That that, that'd be a good one. I mean, a hundred thousand, a hundred, a hundred thousand speed ain't nothing, Man. I ain't, but look here if I'm a professional, I'm not doing anything.


I ain't pulling on ham. I ain't doing none of that race. No cash. He living his life. He played football. It's more life than just football. There, there are other things. You outside of Football not No. No. So when he, he hurt himself, Pull a hair when he playing football. Now what? What you gonna say Ocho that I, I'm, that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get hurt on they job, on they dime. Hey, Because You do realize, you do realize non-football, they put you on a non football list. They ain't gotta Play. I'm just, You realize that right? I like, I No, no, they, I get ocho I bet I tell you what, I I I'll bet you now I bet you if he hurts his hamstring right, they will put him on and he could not ready to go.


They're not gonna put him on a non-football injury list. Why would you do? Oh, oh Joe, tell me, tell me, what does, I just want you to tell me this. Tell me what does Tyreek get out of this? It's still great content. He's in the NFL. There's nothing good come outta this. There's nothing. Kids have some fun, huh? Come on man. Don't be a Debbie Downer. You gotta live some man, some, sometimes. Listen outside of football, you gotta spread your God wings. It's okay. He not gonna get hurt. It's 40 ps 40 meters. Tyreek been running since he was four years old.


He gonna be all right. That's a different type of running though, Joe. It's A draft. He's don't Put playing Football right now. It ain't nothing but a drive fade. It's a boat router, it's a goat route. That's football. If he gets, if he, if he gets hurt playing football, he's covered. It's just like how many guys you hurt got hurt on jet skis got hurt, got hurt on ski. I ain't never, I ain't never hurt. Nobody Get hurt. I ain't never heard that. Never ever. Okay. Especially someone that, especially someone that all they do is just run. That's it.


And they run really, really fast. Yes, sir. I, I'm, I'm, but here's the thing, there's a difference between like 40 running the 40 and even Tyreek running football. Because you have to understand like when Ty when you coming out Ocho you like, man I got mad. Yeah. That apple, that carrot is the NFL and I gotta get there and I'm chasing it. I I don't believe Tyreek can run 4 2 7 right now. Like he did when he came out. He not, you know you Right. Yeah, no, I, no, I'm not saying right now. I'm saying if he trained if you were to train, I don't believe he run that again. Well he, he can run a four three though right now.


He talking not. Hey, you know the difference in four, two and four, you know, 4, 4, 4 3. You know the difference. Yeah, I do. It's still a couple steps. You Can reach out and touch. You can still reach out and tap the four, two dude on the shoulder. It's like, it's, it's your, I mean I, No, the four, two dudes go tap the four, three guy the show. You know what I mean? The Four three, dude, they tap four. It's Yeah, But Ocho, but, but, but Ocho I know what you Mean. There Is nothing. You gotta these Boys there man. You got, you gotta man have some fun. Let 'em have some fun Ocho Content man. Ocho ocho ocho.


You got content? Yeah. Do you know how many highlight plays Tyreek got in the NFL? Oh, he got content. I dunno if you just saw he got content. He don't need to get no more content. We don't need to talk about it. But he got great content over the last, over the last year and a half. He's produced great content. He's produced great content. Hey, he, he trying to out. Huh? Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey, he think, he think he slick. Hey, hey re hey Peter. You think you slick? Huh? You think you, you ain't Finn upstage me boy. You ain't for upstage. She, yeah. Hey man, Tyreek future, Hey Nick Cannon. All y'all trying to, you know, trying to stunt on me Chinle.


He might have changed his name to Bunny rap. Yeah, I'm, I'm coming to see y'all. Wait, hold on. Listen to man. You been leading a, your boy still ain Playing. Huh? I ain't even playing. I, I might, I might pop, I might pop out 10. Yeah, like that. Well how you Oh Lord have mercy. Gout. Gout. Hey, that boy was cool, Huh? Fame bolts world record as the fastest 6-year-old, old human gout. Gout, gout, gout ran 20.04 in the Australian All school championship in Brisbane on Saturday. Gout. Gout wrote us saying both world records work.


16-year-old of 20.13 seconds up on from 2003 gout. Gout turned 17. I just like saying gout, gout, gout turned 17 on December 20th. Only man in history that have ever run faster at the age of 17, 20.4 at the age of 17 is Arian Knighton. He ran 1984, boat ran 1993. These are adult times. And me just a kid, I'm running them. Gout said it's going to be great future for sure. I mean he long, I mean he, he, he's, I mean if you look at it Bo Joe, he look like, he like, yeah, Paul like six foot and he got a Usain boat frame.


Yeah. I mean he got, he's not, he's not as, I don't wanna use the word thick pause. He's he's slender. Yeah, he, he, Okay. 60. Yeah. You gonna put on any he strong You weight on now Already he's strong. 'cause in order to run and do what you doing Yeah. You have to be able to hold and maintain that pop in speed. He, he, Yeah. You gotta hold, hold that upright for him. He nice. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I mean I love, look, I love, I mean, right. I don't, I don't love, I didn't love running per se the type of running that you gotta do to be a profession, to be a, a a, an a meet track and field athlete.


But I just, I just love, I love watching it. I love watching it. And I love seeing these young kids. It's kinda like the kids that run the 400, I forget his name from, from Maryland that's running. He running 44. What he run 44, 20 something. I just love seeing these kids and hopefully they don't flake, they don't burn out. Yeah. Because that's, those are some really fast times at really, really young ages. Like he said, those are grown. He is right. Those are grown men times. And you're 16. Yeah. Still a teenager. Ari Knighton, you know, turned pro. Hell, he was like a what? A sophomore junior high school. He is like, what am I getting out of this?


Let me go make me some money. Oh yeah, I'll erase y'all, but I'm getting paid for this. But congratulations, gout. I'm trying to think what would I really want Sports. I need some sports. Me memorabilia. Like something from Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like LeBron, some shoes, a Jordan shoes, Kobe dudes jersey or something. I already got, I already got all No films Done. Yeah. I got, I got his 40,000 ball Already. LeBron's ball. Hey. But that, it was so funny that night when I turned the ball around and it said 40,000 points.


Oh, that was hilarious. 28,000. Man, look here. Somebody just got a lot of money. Lot of money, man. Yeah. 28,000. Yeah. Those, those are those, listen, they 20 million. Now imagine what they, what they're gonna be worth when they hold onto him for a few years. There's no place like Home. There's no place. Like that's classic. There's No place like home. Oh, yeah. You know, to do you know what kind of dog that was? That todo was? Wait, don't say nothing. Don't say nothing. You gotta be some type of terrier. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. S Scottish. She is.


Wait, wait, wait, wait. Total was is was black, right? Yeah. I'm trying to think how many terriers are there. Oh yeah. Big. That's, that's a, that's a crazy group. And they win more best than shows, than any other people. Probably not. I'm You Never go get, Huh? He's a Karen. Karen. He was a Karen Terrier. K-E-R-R-Y. Karen. Oh. Oh, damn. See, okay. Damn. What you mean? I told YI the judge Remember dog Show. I loved it. One of it's, it's one of, it is one of the, it is one of the, The, one of the most fun events to be a part of.


The only thing I hate gang, because now I'm like big one. Like, damn, I want that dog. I want that dog. You gotta have, I like to have that breed. I like to have that breed. Now you, now you need a little, I I really need go farm. Don't need no farm. You need No, because you won't, you won't have time to tent to all the animals. I won't, I won't look. Well, I get, I want me a little miniature cow. A miniature goat. A miniature horse. Hey, you, you know what's funny? And a, I always wanted a fer for some reason. I mean, I never did get one, but I always wanted a ferry. They just seem so, I don't think they live that long, Joe. No animals. I mean, animals don't, I mean, especially when you like domestic, I mean, you gotta understand Ocho like in the wild, they're not gonna live long because Right.


You know, they get hunted something eats some so, so average. They should live longer if you domesticate them. No, that, that makes no sense. Nah. I think like I Know obviously you do. And then obviously they, they Ash when you getting that, talking about Ash got talking about in big, bold, look what she got on Omar, by far Texas. Hey, if you, hey, if you, if you move to Texas, I'm going too. I, oh Joe. No, I'm saying I thought I made a button clear. I mean, we have the discipline at our big age where we can move to Texas and be okay and focus.


We can have a singular focus on work and nothing else. Here's the thing. It's like when you are recovering at it, whatever the chase may be, let's just say, let's just sing Ocho. I drink and, and, and my, I'm alcohol. Yeah. Ocho, I gotta drive by a bar every day. I gotta drive by a package store every day. That's a good thing Hung. Because you know what? The more you do it, the more you drive by that bar, the more you drive by that bar and create that discipline not to go in, the easier it gets over time.


If you and I move to Houston, listen, if you and I move to Houston, regardless of the jungle of beautiful, gorgeous curvaceous women at, they have out there at our disposal, well at your disposal. I'm not available. But anyway, but imagine the more you are able to do it, the more you see him, the more you see him out. You don't say nothing and you got them blinders on. Like you a horse in the Kentucky Derby and you can't see nothing but Nightcap. You can't see nothing. But ESPN, you can't see nothing but Club Sheha. Over time it becomes easier. It becomes routine Ocho How many times, how many times you gone to a restaurant and that guy ha hand you that dessert menu and you fool and you order dessert or you call dessert.


But I, I'm with you when you say coffee, thank you. I'm with you. When you say a latte Exactly. That's a completely different scenario. Based on what we No, no. All right. Well, no. I'll go move. Ain't so Houston is, Houston is off. Forget it. We ain't going. No. Yeah. Maybe, maybe. I might be thinking about Nashville. I hate, I mean, listen, I, Nashville tele, I like, I like Nashville simply for music Channel, sleep, channelle, The music, the different genres of music, of live music. You can go watch and attend. But to live, no. And it, it is an up and coming city that's getting much better.


It's getting much better. But I, I don't wanna live there. I don't wanna live there. The music, the, the jazz, the jazz, the ja the jazz bar. I focus, you can focus in Houston. I need to be Somewhere. I can focus, You can focus in Everything. Everything is so clear to Crystal player. Are you shy? That what? You want me to go? Wait, wait. What we got what We got what we got. Don't YI know you're excited about this. McDonald's. McDonald's will bring back the snack wraps in 2025.


But one thing they said it, he might not come where you want him, but he's, he's always on time. What? There, he might not come when you want him, but he is always on time. On time. Mocha. Oh, McDonald's is bringing back the snack wrap, baby. That's what I'm talking about. But the funny thing about it is, and the timing is great, is the fact that the snack wraps are coming back in 2025. And I can't even have McDonald's until the new year. See how, see how God work. He don't make, Hey, listen about You probably that's right on time. He don't make no mistakes. Ocho a woman from your crib, Miami has unveiled her Christmas girlfriend package on social media.


She says I'm providing a great service for the holidays for single guys. Right. She wrote above the photo featuring three different packages. Okay. Ocho Christmas package, girlfriend package, silver, $250. You get a present, you get two hours at dinner. At dinner? Yeah. I'm saying no, you, you get, you have to pay her two 50 gift her a present. You get two hours at dinner with her. She'll wear a matching outfit and she'll tell you a few jokes. Okay. The gold package, $450. She also gets a present three hours at dinner. Cute backstory of how you guys met.


Photo with the family. Okay. The platinum package, $600 plus. You have to give her a gift. She, you get six hours with her, with your family. All prior packages say, Oh the cheek. I'll love you in front of your family. A kiss on the cheek. I'll help you watch ocho I'll help, I'll help your mom with the dishes. Hold on. 600 kiss on Post with your family. Hold on. For $600. And this we talking about Is 600 American dollars. And all we get is the kiss on the cheek. Yeah. And plus you gotta buy her a gift. Isn't that part of the package? Part of the 600 package was the gimme and Nigga, please.


Yeah. Oh, excuse my bad, bad. Yes. Come here girl. You can go about yourself. Hell no, you, I mean she currently ocho see she cur Ocho go to Instagram and find a bunch of cur. She curvy Going left. I'm Going right. That ain't nothing special. That's a dime a dozen. It's a thousand of them. And matter of fact, matter fact, you know what, think about now think about it. What Y'all, y'all That ain't even charging that price. Nothing. Because they might ask you like who you What They charge.


Okay, now you told me that you've been telling me for the last 18 months. Hey, now that's what you told me. You now all of a sudden you telling me somebody gonna like me for me. Yeah. Based on name and resume alone. They gonna like, yes. You, you ain't even gotta do nothing. Which father, guess what? Thank you. And I'm not naive enough. They don't like me. For who? Hey, forget who you just told me who I was. Who I'm and what I'm You. Right. They do like me for me. Matter fact, You ain't even do nothing. Yeah, yeah. Okay.


Yeah. Okay. Just Tell you. You think so? I don't know. That good, that good little package don't. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You just saying. I mean little package. So why would, But I'm just saying I good little package. The holidays coming up. Why couldn't it be for you? Huh? You ain't gonna try it? No. Hey and plus I ain't going home. So I Ain't the pack, the pack packing just for you and her for Christmas? Nah. Hey, the the, my family gonna be Jordan Ash gonna be.


Yeah. Yeah. I might get that old packet for Jordan. Jordan, you want that plant package. Jordan Don't be a brother head like Birdman. Man. That's funny. I don't know what they got. Hey look. Hey Ocho, you keep saying the economy bad People try trying to make a economy Like you, you hu you hustling backward. 'cause it's, it's the, the people that her customers, the her customers, the customers that, that gonna be able to afford those packages. The deluxe, the platinum. Listen, they ain't, they ain't going for what she got listed on there.


You about you. Yeah, you about to a thousand. So that's that Bitcoin package. A happy or something. Talking about Kiss on the cheek. Who damn. Talking about Kiss. Who on the cheek Back Cash outta here.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on Prime Video. Make the cash touchdown this week. The Denver Broncos visit the Los Angeles Chargers in a game with big playoff implications. This Is Unbelievable. Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Chargers Thursday only on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime For details,


It's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Has TV gotten really complicated lately? You're either endlessly searching for your favorite shows or subscribing to a dozen different streaming services. You don't even save as much money when compared to the cost of old cable bills. Thankfully Philo has changed all of that. One service. All the stuff you need. Philo's got current seasons of the shows you can't miss. Live on networks like Paramount, A and EMTV, discovery and TLC classics like the Office, Martin and Friends that you can never get sick of. And all of the incredible originals on a c plus from Mad Men to Orphan Black. Don't forget their library of more than 75,000 movies and shows, all of which you can save and rewatch any time for a whole year. Never miss a minute of shows like Yellowstone Love After Lockup and Friends, best of all with Philo, you get all this for just $28 a month. No contracts, no hassles, just one subscription and a world of entertainment. So go to Philo TV and check it out for a free seven day trial. That's p h.tv to start watching.


How would you like to get in the best shape, the healthiest shape of your life for less than $5 a day? I'm Body CEO Carl Dyler, that's Body With an Eye. And I've got your Healthy Bundle with a world-class workout, healthy eating plan, plus the healthiest and most delicious nutrition shake that will make you feel amazing and really improve your digestion, if you know what I mean. All for less than $5 a day. This is your healthy bundle, your workout, your easy eating plan, and a delicious nutrition shake called Shakeology. And if you don't lose up to 10 to 15 pounds in your first three weeks, I'll give you your money back. Imagine a trainer and dietician giving you all this for less than $5 a day. Plus a healthy super food shake that curbs cravings helps you lose weight and gives you healthy energy. It's unprecedented and it's your healthy bundle. So write down this web address. Go to your healthy bundle.com, that's your healthy bundle.com, and see how healthy and fit you can get. For less than $5 a day,


Deck your home with plans.com, la blanks com, dehy, or let us install la blanks com free design consultation. Free, free, free, free, free, free free, free free, free, free, free, free. Plus free samples and free shipping. Free, free, free, Free, free ho ho ho blinds.com invented a better way to buy custom high quality window treatments with no showroom markups or waiting around for quotes from pushy salespeople, saving you time and money for the holidays with upfront pricing right on our website. Go right now to blinds.com. Satisfaction guaranteed satisfaction guaranteed. Check your home this holiday season with blinds.com. Save up to 40% on select styles plus a free professional measure blinds.com. La La la blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Here's the thing with relationships. Yeah, it's always tough. The breakup is always tough if you are not the one that wants to get broken up with, right? See, if you want to do the break it up, up, it's easy. Hey, I'm, I'm done. This ain't working for me. Right. But when you want to be that, and but at the end of the day, yeah, if they're not trying to hear that Ocho I can't be, I'm not Finn To beg you. Now listen, I ain't I ain't gonna after you. Now I might, I might, I might jaw a little bit, you know, I'll walk briefly. I might, I might, I might speed walk. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But hey, hey, this, this, we talked about it last night with, with with jr.


You know, you know that there, there are times and, and that, that pain and being in that fetal position and understanding that hurt that comes with that something that was a, an intricate part of your data. Yeah, For sure. And and, and having that, having that gone, it's, it's, it's, it's, it, it can be rough. It can be rough regardless how, how tough. And I don't how much pride and how much ego you got, you know? Well, I don't wish that, I don't wish that pain on nobody, man. Ocho if it doesn't hurt you didn't care enough. Come on, Nash.


I'm not telling you what somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know because I invest a lot in whatever I do. Yeah. So that's why when I lost, it hurt me. That's why I had to go home. Right. I couldn't be around people because I know what I put into that game. Not just the game that week, but I know what I did that off season. Yeah. When you in a relationship and you know what you put into it to make this work, and all of a sudden it doesn't. And that person doesn't wanna be with you The most. I is the fact that you invest in something and you don't get the, you don't get the return on say investment.


You can't get that back. And then that individual doesn't want to be with you anymore. And then you start know, boy, I'm, then you start questioning yourself. So I'm looking in the mirror. Well, shit, what the fuck wrong with me? Look at me. Look at this. Who don't like this chocolate? Or talk to me now. And, and what hurts sometimes Ocho is that as, as the thing is starting to fray, they give you the worst of themselves. But immediately give somebody else the best of themselves. Ocho, now I ain't doing it. Ocho stop. Ocho, I'm done. I'm done. Ocho I'm done.


I ain't, Hey, I'm done with this. I'm done. Let's, let's just move on. Let move on. You talk. When you talking tonight, Let's just move on. Don't, yo, you talking tonight, Let's move on. So when things are ending, they give you the worst of themselves and give the new person the benefit of the doubt. And they get the best version of them. What if you had a why I give you a hundred dollars right now. Boy, if you had a right now you can, you can have my whole family, bro. Hey, well you preaching now, Bro.


Hey, look, Ocho I know I joke a lot and, and, and, but I've had a, I've spent a lot of time by myself and analyzing. I'm very self analytical. I, I, I look at and I analyze things, things and I see things for what they truly are. But they call me Creflo. No dollars. But yeah. But that, but that, that, I, I think that's what really hurts. And and that's why like a lot of times ocho like when you leave a relationship, you really have to, you really have to like, let it go.


You have to like, I don't, you know, I, I can't follow because I, I I, I I've been that ocho I know because I broke it up with people and gave them the worst of me and immediately gave somebody else the best. I I've done it because I'm telling you what somebody's told. You told me. I'm telling you what I know and I'm telling you how human nature is. And so that's, and I, and I, I remember, and I'm thinking to myself, take your time. Hey, you are now Shannon. Why couldn't you be like that then? Mm. It's tough boy. It is tough. Yeah. Well, it is tough man.


I, I, I I take your time. I remember in like yesterday, I made look and this is really the first time I remember my homeboy, he called, he said, homeboy, how you doing? I said, man, I ain't good. He said, homeboy. He said, I know you will never, you would never ask me to, But if you need me to, I'll call on your, on your behalf. When somebody, when somebody that that's close to you. And they say, I'm willing to extend myself.


I'm willing to extend my name. And then, and my sister, I remember talking to my sister and she would always send me things every morning, every morning when I wake up because obviously she's on the east coast. I'm in la. So by the time I get up at, you know, I was getting up 'cause I had to be to work at four Ojo. So I'm getting up at three 15 'cause I gotta take the dogs out, let them do what they need to do. I need to take a shower and I need to get to work. And so she would always send me these things. And I remember getting home and I was about to go to bed. I was about to take a nap after the show. And I remember she called me and she said, how you doing?


I said, I'm all right. I said, I'm all right Buck. She said, Shannon, Shannon, Shannon. It was quiet. She said, she said, how long you been Shannon? I said, all my life. She said, you've been big, you've been strong, you've been resilient, you've been loving, you've been caring. 'cause this woman into your life, you still gonna be shadow.


Don't let this situation change. You still gonna be my baby brother and I'm still gonna love you. And it was, yeah. Now obviously my homeboys bucket and burns, they called and they checked on me. But it was my brother and sister because like, they like my mother and father, even though we brothers and sisters is the relationship that we have. And they were, I I remember this would, this would've really dawned on me ocho that I was really in a dark place. Take your time. And my brother's never said this before and he is never said this to me since. He said, if you need me, I'll come out there. I'm a, at the time, how old am I?


I'm, this was 2000. So I'm 48, right? Yeah. 48, 49. About to be 40. I was 49. He said, if you need me, I'll come out there. Yeah. That's when it really dawned on me. I was like, damn. He really worried my brother Really? He had never shown me. Now I know later after talking to him, he's been other situations that he's been worried about me. Right. But he never, but he never let me know that he was worried. That was the first time in 49 years that I could see, I could tell that he was worried.


Man. I remember I pped said, what the, how long, how long was it? I'm good. Told my brother, I said I'm good. He took me a while. Ocho this happened October. God dang, February, March told me about six, seven months though. It did Ocho it did, it did. Hey Boy, that was, but Sunshine follows rain O Joe.


I'm better for it. And I look back, there are some things that I could, I I, I wouldn't had, had I had I not did that relationship not dissolved. I'm not here because I, I turned away a lot of things because I didn't wanna be away from home because I didn't wanna be away from her because, you know, she, well I need to go make, you know, I'm turning down 50, $75,000 gig because she's not comfortable. Her people have and well, he's a why does he want to be with you? Right? Right. She started to believe like, yeah, why do you want to be with me? You are this and you can have this and that, that come on Now I factored all that in when I decided to be with you.


Do you not, did you not, didn't appreciate think about that, that then why is it an issue now stop worrying about why I chose you. Right. I did. Why is unimportant? Because in this situation, Ocho Yeah, I'm who I am and you are who you are. But should I not love you? Just the same. Should I feel differently? Because you don't have this name, you don't have this title. I I'm just, I I was, I was, I was confused about why she felt that way.


Why? I hate when women ask me, you can have anybody. Why me? You know what, now that I think about it, I promise you go try to find one of them antibodies, right. And leave you the F alone because you are unsure of yourself, which is gonna make you unsure of us. And then long as there's doubt in your mind, you are never gonna be able to fully give yourself to me. Yeah. But like you just said earlier, God don't make no mistakes. Haiti 1987, Chad, will you grow your hair back? Love you guys, man. Thanks all. I mean, Growing my hair back, if I go into campus to campus about three months, I'm look forward to beating the shit outta Keith Lee.


I'm not sure we can schedule that fight. But when I do go into a fight camp, I will, I will grow my hair out. Won't cut it look scruffy. I won't cut it till fight night. So at, at whatever point this comes into fruition because he done, he done, he done wrote a, he done broke the check. His ass can't cash. So Yeah. But you know, sometimes ocho when you dealing with, when you're dealing with situations, and we'll get back to this. Yeah. The shoes is that a lot of times it's the outside. Right. Because when I was in college, all her girlfriends was in her ear. Right. Oh, he ain't the, I was like, do you understand why you over the, I ain't round about, I said, but you know your girl's trying to holler at me.


Right. While they telling you I you shouldn't be with him. I don't know what you see in him. They the same ones when they catch me and you not around. They asking the same, I'm saying to myself, they asking the same questions. Why you with her? You can do so much better. And Matter of fact, You know what? You right outta relationship is The one doing all the talking. Or why you with him, you ever notice they always single always notice they don't never have nobody or they bounce. They, they, they bouncing from pillar to post or they Bouncing from misery loves company, but they Want you in the same situation then no consistency.


Nobody you can depend on consistently come hell outta water. You know? Well, you know what, I know he always gonna be there for me no matter What. What? And guess what? While they talk about, I don't know why. I guarantee you right now they'll switch positions with you, but they don't know why, why you wanna be with him. But they'll switch positions with you and be with him. I don't know why women like that. I ain't never been in no situation. Yeah. I have Enjoy enjoy it. Enjoy. That's you wanna be with take off. I ain't gonna let you. I ain't gonna let you. I ain't gonna let you gotta say so.


Mess over my boy. Now if I see something, can you, I'm don't let, don't leave him. Don't lie. Don't do And don't be talking about it ain't it ain't what you think. It's exactly what I think. So whatever you think. I think I'm thinking don't even, that's what I'm thinking. I'm gonna kill you. That's what I thought. The Volume


This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo Holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without Compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


If you're a maintenance supervisor for a commercial property, you've had to deal with everything from leaky faucets to flickering light bulbs. But nothing's worse than that ancient boiler that's lived in the building since the day it was built 50 years ago. It's enough to make anyone lose their cool. That's where Granger comes in With industrial grade products and dependable fast delivery. Granger can help with any challenge from worn out components to everyday necessities. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs meyers.com Now


this Is Ashley ETT from the almost of podcast. Can you believe all this? Talk about GLP ones? Of course you can. It's all people talk about. Have you heard about Future Health? Though? They make access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever. People can struggle with weight loss for years, trying various diets and exercises without lasting success with GLP ones, many people notice a reduction in cravings and felt more in control of their eating habits, which lead to weight loss, physical health, and feeling more optimistic about their future. They give millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com again. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.