
Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the Edge with me, cam Jordan. Catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL Stars Join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that, right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space. Every week we bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers. Only now is from the dynasty perspective. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes, I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By El Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


The Volume


TD Teddy, taking it to the House. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet, just five bucks and get one month free of NFL Plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Man, what a game. What a game. ocho the Atlanta Falcons go on the road and pull it off. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite Number. 85. Y'all know him. Route runner extraordinaire. Liberty City's Own. That's me. Went to Samo juco. That's me, Oregon State. That's me. Then he went to cut his teeth at the Cincinnati Bengals. That's me, was an all pro pro pro bowl player. That's Chad Ochocinco. Josh. Yeah, that's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. Do us another favor guys. Please hit that subscribe button. Please hit that like button and go join. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts you count. Thank you so much for the support that you've given us for over a year.


You've helped us reach leaps and bounds we didn't even think possible this fast and Ocho and I wanna sincerely and all of the entire Nightcap crew wanna thank you from the bottom of our heart. Yep. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can go to our e-commerce site and we'll ship it directly to your door. We have it in stock so the weight will be minimal. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We have ts like the Nightcap Tea, OCHO favorite saying, you know, Hey, stay with me now and a few others. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Ocho the the game was very, very exciting.


The Falcons come back. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. The game was very exciting. The game. No, the game was very lackluster the first, second and third quarter. The game didn't become exciting until it got to the fourth. But go ahead. I'm gonna let you finish baby. The Falcons beat the Eagles 2221 Drake London touchdown puts Atlanta ahead. Late Atlanta won an absolute sterner of a ball game. We thought it was over. CJ Gardner Johnson makes an unbelievable stop. Old Bijan Robinson stops him in the hole and he says, you know what? Nah, don't even worry about it. Falcon says, okay, we gonna keep y'all out in the end zone. They get the ball back. Go right back down the field. Eagles fans.


Yeah. Now, last week when y'all went on Green Bay, y'all was in Brazil and y'all won. I said, ocho, I I, I'm still, I'm not sold on that defense. I said, I see some things. I don't like ocho. I'm not so Oh, hater. You hating again. Yeah. Old meat riding, old meat. Riding up. Y'all see, what y'all fail to realize is OCHO and I have two and a half decades of what? Playing the game. Yes. Breaking the games down. Yes. Watching the games. The difference between OCHO and I and most people that do what I do, you watch the game. Yay. They scored a touchdown. Yay. They got a sack. My job is to go deeper. I need to know why they scored. I need to know how they got that sack. So when I come up here and I sit before you, I can give you things.


I don't got no dog in the fight. I don't have no anybody on the eagle side. Raheem Morris came by, he was great. Sat down on, when we was on the tour, OCHO gave us 15 minutes of his time. Yeah. Greatly appreciate that. I know Arthur Blank a little bit. Yes, I have his number. I'm cool with Mr. Blank. I don't bother that man. I don't ask him for tickets, but he just thought it'd be good. We used to go to the same gym, used to train with the same Pilates teacher. So I just throw that out there. But Ocho, when I watched it, I said, Ocho. Yeah. I ain't sold on the Eagles defense. I told you that last week. Yeah. I said, I'm not sold Ocho. I said, because that back end, it scares me. And they can't consistently generate pressure. They let Hasan the Hassan, Reddit go. Yeah, Blanc retired.


Brandon Graham is good, but he's getting a little long in the tooth. I see ocho, they're not consistently generating pressure. Yeah. And you can run on them. Whoa, whoa. Shut, stop hating you starting off the season hating already, right? Yeah. An Eagle fan. What y'all gotta say about unc now? Y'all wanna talk about anything? Yeah, But see, well, we gotta, once, I'm not sure what they need to do, what adjustments they need to make with Jordan Davis. I mean with Jordan Davis and Jalen Carter up there. But those two behemoths of a man of young men, there should be constant pressure at every time. Actually nobody based on what they have at the front line, should really be able to run the goddamn ball. No, just, just thinking, thinking about the, those two right there.


Clogging up the middle. It shouldn't be nobody running the ball at all. But for some reason Bijan Robinson is also a special back as well. He's a, he's a special back. But when thinking about the game, to me, obviously it was boring. If you watch the first, in the second quarter, it was the snooze fest. It was the snooze fest. It did not get exciting until the end of the game, which always happens. And low scoring game for some reason like this, it gets great at the end. Now the game was sealed and dealed and done. If Sayquan could have caught that ball and gotten that first down, then you could have run the clock out. 'cause you, you already, you picked up the first Just run the ball. Just run. Oh Joe, you know 40 seconds gonna go off the clock.


Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. If they ran the ball, they were anticipating the run. That's why the swing pass was wide open. In the flat. That's And give, it's great if you make it, guess what? I run the ball and I'm gonna run it all the way down. I'm gonna take me a time out. I'm gonna take 40 seconds off the clock. How much a time? So that's a minute. Hold on Unc. But you gotta think about in that situation, in that scenario, based on down the distance, the time of the game in the fourth quarter, what is the Atlanta Falcons expecting? They're expecting them to hand the ball off to Saquon. That's why I thought the play call, the play call was beautiful to me. And, we just needed Saquon. I'm talking about weed. I'm talking about Weed.


He could've caught the ball. Yeah. Yeah. As a Eagle fan. Oh, It was a great, it was a great, it was a great play call. Yeah, you're right. You gonna run it? Yeah. I'm thinking just like you, oh, y'all running this ball. Ain't no way y'all will let Jayla hurt. Throw this ball Play. Oh damn. Roll out Sequan white over. He didn't drop it. Boom. Hold on. Wait a wait a minute now we still got time. The Falcons come out, they get the ball back and drive the length of the field. Hold on. We playing two, we we playing two Shell, we playing too high. I don't know what the safety's doing. The the corner out the Darnell Mooney the first corner out the Darnell Moon. Why the safety all the way back there? Like his goddamn pun return Because he wor, he wor, he worried about that double mood to the post. He even still in that situation.


You know they got to throw the ball short. Boom. If you in two, your antenna's gotta go up. Let's say it was Ed Reeds back there. What you think Ed Reed doing? But here's the thing, Ojo, he, He listen, he going, he gonna bait you and he driving on the corner because he noticed what you running based on throwing down moonies. A I know. The quarter out coming. Lemme tell you why you playing cover two? You can't get no pressure. You better not. You better not go single. High safety and you ain't got, but what you touched Kurt cousins one time. Yeah. Think about what he did. What was Kurt cousin doing with the in the pocket on that last drive? Pat patting the goddamn ball. Pat the ball. I wonder what my kids, I wonder if my wife didn't put the kids to bed.


Damn. I wonder what my mom doing. Man. That's a beautiful night in Philly. Dang. He doing all that. Listen, Some somebody, somebody got, somebody gotta fill a void. Huh? They let her son ready it go. He let he, he let him in Sax last year. They let him go. So somebody gotta pick up the slack up the middle. Jalen Carter, Jordan Davis. Baby, y'all gotta come to the party now. They Gotta get in shape. You gotta come to in Shape. I mean, they can't, they can't run, they can't run with two plays. Jordan Davis run two plays and come out. You think? You think you don't think they're in Shape? No. Hell no. Why you running two plays and come out the ballgame? Well, you know, I mean when it comes to interior, most of the time most teams they, how, how do you call it? They, they, they switch, not they Rotate. Yeah, they rotation The stay fresh.


Ain't none of them jokers got no pressure. Fruit, fresh. I need some dogs. Hey, go hunting? Yeah. Okay. You fresh. You fresh. You ain't get no pressure. Okay. I see. So what the hell am I doing? I see where you're going with it. I see where you going Ocho. Okay. You could say, well they're trying to generate pressure. They can't stop the run. Yeah. You gotta be able to do something. You gonna let the team, you gonna let the team do whatever the f they want. Yeah, they run the ball. They throw the ball. Yeah. I mean so what, what you gotta stop something Ocho You can't give a team. And the only thing is, is that la I mean Kirk Cousins was 20 or 29, 2 41, 2 touchdowns, one sack, no pick, no turnovers, which was clean.


28 rushes 152 yards. Come on Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. You right. And the Eagles had a shot at the, at the end of the game. Even though they got the ball. It was just a few seconds left on the clock. AJ Terrell when Devonte ran that, he tried to run that corner. They actually, they, they was playing two man too. Yeah. They were playing two man. 'cause AJ Terrell followed him all the way out. He gave him a slight push. A slight push. That little nudge. AJ Terrell, when Dev Devonte Smith tried to break to the left. Yeah. He lost his balance a tad bit. I think he would've got to that ball when he, when he lost his balance to tad bit. Jesse Bass was at the break on it. And it was, it was Of course I'll play 22. Man, where the hell is cousins going? I'm absolutely, I'm playing cover five.


Yeah. Yeah. Which is three under two deep. Absolutely. He ain't going nowhere. Yeah, he, Troy said during the game, Kurt says he's not a hundred percent. Oh yeah, absolutely not. Not coming off Achilles injury. Nah, you, nah, Uhuh definitely Not. And they still couldn't and they still couldn't bother him. They still couldn't get consistent Pressure. At least make him uncomfortable back there. Oh, they got a big Fangio, big fan. I don't care who your DC is. Right. If you don't, it, if ain't Xs and Old, if Jims and Jones, that's what make offenses go. Right. That's what make defenses go. Because Andy Reed ran that same offense when he had Donovan McNabb and he had Alex Smith.


And you tell me it looked like it did when he had Patrick Mahomes. That's the same offense. They call the same thing. Do it look the same to you? Absolutely not. Yeah. So this notion that a individual, a DC or OC is gonna make that, nah, you better have them dolls. Yeah. Aaron Donald is gonna be Aaron Donald no matter who his DC is. Right. He's had a number of defensive coordinators and each one defensive player of the year with all of them. Yeah. It's him. Yeah. So big banjo and I, he's a, he's unbelievable. But when you look at him, what he had in San Francisco when he had them two dogs, them thumpers. Oh yeah. He had Patrick Willis and Navar Bowman. Yeah. And he had Vic Justice Smith.


Now you look at that defense they had in the 49 ERs when Jim Har, when Jim Harbaugh was there. Yeah. And you go look at what he had his feeling. Yeah. Now you tell me the difference. I Yeah. You know, I think they, They had hums. You gotta come downhill. He wants to play in his heart of hearts, he wants to play cover two. He believes he can stop the run with his front seven And. if you got dogs you can. Yeah. But if you don't, you gotta invert that safety. Drop him down. Yeah. But you compromise your edges. Yeah. I still don't know to this day. What the hell is Darius SL slay bro. I love you. Oh no listen. But you know, you know what, you know what he was doing now and listen, Get beat before the game winning touchdown.


But That too. But as a former db, you look at what he's doing. Like he, he know, he knows what he did wrong. What, what? What's the first thing they take you as the db? Keep your eyes well out. The what? Out the backfield. Keep Your eyes out the backfield. Keep your eyes because if you got your eyes on the quarterback waiting on, on the ball to be thrown, then you don't know where you got damn receiver going Because he looking, he trying to, you see what he trying to do? He, he at this and do out Jump. He was, he was Finn jump. He finn jump. Yes. But, and you know it's funny. You can't guess in that situation though. Listen, I messed up too. I kind of JII jinxed Eagles a little bit. Right. When that, when the series was coming, I say, you know what's gonna happen?


I say, Darius slaves finna get an interception 'cause I know you gonna sit on something. He gonna sit on something based on the scenario. Based on the circumstance, the ball has to come out because they don't have that much time. Ocho if the ball doesn't have ocho it doesn't have to come by quick because you can't get pressure. Yeah. Why would you do? That's what you do. If you could generate pressure. Pressure. Yeah. You can't do that. If you can't get no pressure, you ain't no way. You could g ain't no way you can guess like that Ocho you with, be honest with no Pressure. You gotta play honest, huh? Yes. Ah, Yes. Yeah. Ocho if you come in a situation and they come with bomb blis and you see the DC on the sideline and he doing this saying blow it up.


Yeah. Okay. Now I can take a chance. The ball gotta come because we got everybody hitting every hole. We got A, B, C, D. Everybody's coming. You, Hey, I, hey, I gotta take a chance. I don't know exactly. He can run a slant. He can run a fade. But I'm gonna take my chance. I'm playing inside leverage Ocho. Matter of fact, with you playing off right. And you and y'all playing bass and y'all playing straight up d ain't no way you can guess like that. No way in hell When I think about it too. What you talking about? About taking chances. CJ Gardner Johnson on that touchdown to Darnell Mooney. Yeah. That ball, that ball was supposed to come out. It was supposed to come out on timing because there was a blitz.


Yes. Instead of instead of drilling it, instead of drilling the ball Threw over the top. He lo He loaf it up. That's why he was able to catch that and get away from him to get that touchdown. Yeah. He, he did what he did what he was supposed to do. Understanding the ball had to come out fast. It just so happened Kurt loafed the ball up instead of drilling it. So he couldn't really make a play on the ball. And he was outta position because he asked, he sat Ocho meant loft. He meant lofted the ball up. Loft. My bad. What did I say? Loaf? I said floating Loaf. Oh, loaf. Oh my bad, my bad. It was a good game. It was a good game. Once the fourth quarter came outside of the fourth quarter, eh? Oh, Joe.


But you gotta understand man, man, we can't get no pre ocho. If ocho, if your D line can't get pressure, you can't gamble. Yeah, you cannot. It's too risky. And, and the reward. Okay. You PBI. Okay. In, in that situation, this is what you gotta think. This isn't the first quarter. A touchdown here is probably gonna get you beat. Right. That's what you have to, and that's what you have to look at when I'm talking about will Levis. Okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, you complete that pass for two yards. You get a two yard game, what's the worst thing can happen? Pick six. You gotta weigh it.


Okay. Hmm. Two yards. Pick six, two yard pick six. They don't average up on you. Yeah. You right in that situation, slave, you take a, you can't take that chance. Your defense hasn't gotten consistent pressure all night. Why would you risk it in that situation? That's all I'm asking. I'm not, look, hey, you win, you lose. And he's made some plays. But all I'm saying in that situation, why would you take that chance and keep your eyes in the backfield? The danger isn't cousins. It's the guy that you're guarding. Yeah. Yeah. Damn.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's. Biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolfe. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catching new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more. No, that all. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars, join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha. Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None of other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. I So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast has something for you. And you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to.


He was in the backfield. He gave a a slight nod and the next thing you know, boom. Boom. So I, I I it's man Ocho, you know how bad hurt how much it hurts to lose a game in the wa in seconds. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Most def. Well, hold on. How much it hurt? Forget the wa in seconds. Sec seconds. The game was actually over. Listen, the game of football is all about moments. It's about one, two, or maybe three plays. I said, I said it last night. One, two, maybe three plays out of the 70 year run that changed the trajectory of a game. Yeah. And that one play to Saquon where I'm assuming the defense, you know, they thought they was running it, of course rolled out Saquon wide open.


He just, he he ain't look all the way in. You gotta look at it. It It changed. It changed everything. And see, in a situation like that, Ocho I'm catching it and I'm going to the ground. Yeah. Because I know you ain't got no more time out. Time out. So that the only thing, the only thing I care, because even if I don't, all I wanna do, all I wanna do OCHO is just catch the ball. Yeah. I'm, it don't matter. It doesn't matter about anything else. Yeah. In that situa, in that situation, you just have to understand, remember how we say situational football? Yeah. Offense and defensive players. That's where your IQ come in, in the situation like this, man, damn, I wanna jump something so bad, but boy, if I miss on this situation, it's probably gonna cost us a damn.


Yeah. Plus we ain't really got pressure all night long. Nah. Can't take that chance. And speaking of, speaking of IQ though, this, this is the difference between the great, the great safeties and I, I'm just thinking, I'm going back to my day and I keep mentioning Ed Reed 'cause I understand how you played the game based on situation and circumstance Yeah. In IQ and knowing that the ball has to come out at some point because you gotta drive the length of the field for one and the chance of you taking a shot. Ah, in that situation it is slim to none. Yeah. Even though they can't get pressure. When they were in that two shell, when they were in that two Shell and Darnell Mooney had that tight split outside, add to the numbers, there's only one thing he's going to do.


He's running that goddamn corner route at that sa I'm not sure who the safety was. I I I don't, I don't know his name. It was either number 32 or 22. Bur Hold on. Blanketship. I'm just saying if it was, if it was me, I'm not a safety, I'm just understanding the game and the situation that is at hand. The corner routers coming. I'm finna sit and I'm going to get that either I, either I'm gonna knock it down or I'm gonna get an interception Because, but here's the thing. I see you do that Ocho you know what I'm gonna do?


What? I'm gonna shake Roger, I'm gonna shake Roger. Yeah. I'm gonna hit that corner. I'm gonna hit that nod and I'm hit the post on you. And then what? And then say, and everybody gonna look at you and say, bro, you in cover too. What you doing? I'm just saying, I'm just saying. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be the hero. I'm, I'm The Hero. Okay. I'm the hero. I'm just, Hey, you know what's funny is I'm watching the plays. Like I think, I think I could be in the booth. You know how you watch Tony Romo sometime? Yeah. And Tony Romo telling you what play is gonna happen before the play even got this call based on down the distance, based on time based Onion.


Yes. He can Call it out. Yes. Because from team to team, it really doesn't change what you going do. Right. Because everybody's tendencies is damn near the same. Yeah. The only thing that's different is the formation you running. So I'm like, you know what, here, here it go. Here it go. He got the goddamn corner. There's only so much, there's only so much you could do outta that goddamn split. Here come lo and behold the goddamn safety they run into, they trying to protect the deep ball. But you back there too, goddamn father to make a play on the fucking ball. You back there like you in the, you bunk returning. But here's the thing, Ocho in a situation like that, nothing cheap, nothing deep. You keep everything in front of you. That's, I mean, But then you driving, You remember what happened.


You remember when Joe Flacco, you remember the a c divisional game against the Broncos? Oh yeah. Jacob Jones rest his soul. Yeah. On the right side of the field. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come you see what cover two Hold on now. And that safety took a goddamn badass angle on that ball. He wasn't even supposed to take no angle. He supposed to be back there to knock it down. It, it wasn't supposed to be no angle to take. Right, right, right. If I'm deep enough how I'm gonna take an angle, my angle's supposed to be forward. Right. Because what happened is that once he got over here, he saw the ball and he paniced and he jumped too quick. Yep. Because he, he should have never been there anyway. What are you flat footed? You as deep as the deepest. If that dude run out the state of, if he's in Golden, you'd be in Golden Colorado with him.


Yeah. In that situation, nothing cheap, nothing deep. Yeah. I, I man The Eagles, I I've had this concern. I hopefully the Eagles now like, man, be, know what the hell he be talking about. People say I talk a lot, but they don't say, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about. Right. All you gotta do is, like I said, I got, I got too many years invested in studying the game. I'm, that's why I watched the game with No Sounds. Right. Troy, Romo, Brady or Olson. Nobody can offer me anything that I don't know. Right. I know what I'm looking for. Not what they're gonna tell me to look for what to see. There's a difference.


And so that's why it's hard for me to hear the sound because they're like, go to the game because what should they do here? What they gonna run here? What happened? Oh, damn. I'm trying to, I'm, I'm trying to, I'm trying to concentrate. I'm trying to tell you what happened. But that's the thing, Ocho, if you watch the game and it started when, you know, when you got the game tape Ain't no taping. Ain't no, ain't no sound to film Right Now. Occasionally they would, I would watch the sound because I, I was listening for calls to see if I could hear a call. If they said Reno, if they said Dallas, they said Texas, they had certain calls, calls went with coverages. Right.


I'm listening. So I'm, I'm going to hear, I'm looking a but man, the Falcons that the Eagles like, oh man, we got this one. Oh, you don't, I thought they had, I thought they had it too. I thought they had it. I would get, listen, I I was the whole fourth quarter, I'm guessing. Right. I'm calling the plays out. I'm tweeting the plays out. I'm saying what's going happen on Eaton Drive? And lo and behold, damn. It's all good though. Eagle, Eagle's gonna be all right. They gonna be alright. It all depends on how soon AJ J. Brown come back. Yeah. They lucky AJ Brown, but they, they was, they were missing him. But Ocho they still got issues with their defense.


O AJ can't pressure the quarterback. AJ can't deflect defend the pass breakup football. Yeah. AJ can't stop the run. That's one side of the ball. You still have issues on the other side. When are you going to get that corrected? You know, I, I think in the secondary, I think they straight now. What they do need, they do need to be able to generate some pressure up front. Jalen Carter, goddamn, Jordan Davis. What's the other guy got Brandon. What? What? Yeah. Hey. Who? Hey Brandon. It is Brandon Ingram, right? Yeah. Brandon Graham.


Brandon Graham Brandon. Yeah. Brandon Graham. But hey, you know what I, I liked Eagles for the simple fact. I know the secondary. They gonna be straight with Maddox CJ Gardner Johnson back there. And that young motherfucker from Toledo boy was his last name. Ma the the young Corner? Yeah. Hey boy, young boy. Nice. Quinn Mitchell. Quentin Mitchell. You said Quentin Mitchell? Yeah. Yeah. Hey, that young boy nice boy. Yeah. You gotta take some lumps. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta say, you gotta take, oh Joe, you know, hey, it ain't but a few this come in as a, as true rookies and not taking no lumps. You gotta take some now.


Yeah, Yeah. Most definitely. Listen, he, he, he took a, he took a, a a a lump the night there was a play, he tried to try to make a nice play on Darnell Moon. He got away from a little bit. He was a tad bit late. But Yeah, it took a bad angle. Hey, it's, that's what they say. It's a game. Inches now. It's a game. Inches. Now when he see, when he is back in that scenario again, under those circumstances with a team driving down the score to win a game, he know what to do next time. He know what to do next time. He's nice. Yeah, he's nice. He real nice. So they, I mean, listen, the Eagles gonna be all right. They gonna be all right. You sure about that? Oh yeah. I'm, I'm telling you, I'm telling you. I ain't telling you what I you told me that last. Listen, I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know.


You told me that last year I did. Yeah. Oh, when they oh, when they were 10 and one they ate You like, you like. Oh, oh. But they, I said Ocho, now let Tell you, You change your light on. Now I keep you, I said Ocho, you need to get that car in. I hear, I hear it ticket a little bit. Right. Oh, hey, Can I, can I tell you why they fell apart last year? Why now? The defensive coordinator last year for the Eagles and some of the plays he was calling didn't sit well with some of the players on the field. It just, it just didn't work well for them. So there was a disconnect. And you know what happened when there's a disconnect, that mean the wifi ain't it? The the wifi ain't good.


You know, so the signal be bad. So the signal between the defensive coordinator and the players on the field, it wasn't going hand in hand. I also think OCHO is a situation where them guys wasn't trying to tackle last year. Man, them guys in the second day wasn't doing no sha tackle. Man. A, they like Play game look bad. Huh? Remember Ocho, you ever see situation? Oh man, you know somebody else gonna make the play. Yeah, no, you gonna make the play. I ain't counting on somebody else to make a play. I'm gonna make it. I can't wait on man, Ocho gonna make a play so I ain't gonna run hard. I know he gonna throw the ball. Nah, hell nah. I ain't counting on Ocho to make every play. If Ocho make it play, so be it. Right. But just in case, let me be ready.


Yeah. And that's how guys need to Fame. But congratulations to the Atlanta Falcons. They go on the road on a Monday night and beat the Philadelphia Eagles. 2221. Kirk Cousins go a perfect on the game winning drive. Jake London catches it and they hold off the Eagles. Well they, yeah. Hold off the Eagles 2221. They intercept Jalen hurt late in the ball game to preserve the victory and the Falcons go to one and one on the season. Bryce Young era. That's a bullshit. That's what It's had been halted. Dave Canales decided to bench Bryce Young less than 24 hours after telling everyone he start next week. The red rifle.


Andy Dalton is being named a team starter quarterback moving forward this season. Young was reportedly shocked by the benching and told, and, and sources told Jordan Schultz, it came outta nowhere. Nah, I actually didn't. If you go back and look at your play, look at the play. It ain't come outta nowhere. No one anticipated the plug being, oh, no one anticipated the plug being pulled after just two games with a new coaching staff. But a reminder that the Patriots Panther, excuse me, traded so much to get him. They traded DJ Moore 2023 first round pick, which was Darnell Wright, a 2023 second round pick, which was Tyreek Stevens. He's, I think he's a starter 2024 first round pick, overall pick Caleb Williams and a 2025 second round pick.


Don't do that. You don't do that. You don't do nobody like that. For one. I'm gonna start with David Teer. Okay? Because what David Teer is doing is insubordination. I don't even know what that shit mean. But it sound like it fits for this goddamn scenario. Well, he Can't insubordinate because he's the higher up. So insubordinate that means you gotta Be underneath. Okay. He needs to higher up. And that's the problem. Because now you pointing the fingers at Bryce Young, like Bryce Young is the issue. That's not the issue. Yeah, That's not the issue. They're the Board of talent. Look, Look at the quarterbacks. Before Bryce Young got there. I thought they was the problem. Who was the quarterback before Bryce Young?


Oh man. They had Sam Donald, they had bla b Baker, Mayfield, Sam Donald Baker Mayfield. Keep going. I I don't, I don't know who, I don't, I don't really know who came directly after Cam. That's the whole, that's what I'm trying to say. It is been a re a revolving door of quarterbacks not having success because they don't have what they need around them to be successful. There was a reason you was able to get Bryce Young, because he's the number, he was the number one pick for a reason. You were able to have the number one pick for a reason. So now you expect Bryce Young to come in, had a coach, had a different culture staff last year. You hired Dave Canales. Right? You bring him in, you let him play two games. He has nothing surrounding him to help him.


But now you gonna bench him and you gonna start Andy Dalton. Like that's going to answer. Like, Andy Dalton gonna take you somewhere Like that's going to answer the problem. No. Fix the shit around him. And then you put him, put him in an environment and I guarantee you you'll find success. Oh, Bryce Young is the issue. Then people talk about, oh, he too short. Oh, he can't see. Hello? How tall is Kylea? Fucking Murray. How tall is Baker Mayfield? Well, we know, we know he taller than Kylea Murray. Oh, oh, he absolutely is. That, that that the, the re it's not Bryce Young. Now, now what I will say, if you turn the tape on, there will be some discrepancies in his play.


Oh, his confidence is shot, man. Yeah. Hell yeah. Well, listen, and this is no disrespect to any of the receivers that are on the Panthers. No, I'm listen, no disrespect, you know, I love, you know how I feel about you, even if I don't know you personally. But he has, you know what, I ain't gonna say that. 'cause I don't wanna be disrespectful. I think the thing is, look here, the question is if, if Andy Dalton is the, is the answer, I need to know the question. Hold on. I'm, Hey, y'all know what we do? We, I keep it, I keep it one five. Yeah. So repeat answer. What's the question? Well, listen, I think having a veteran presence, I'm not sure what the Panthers are gonna do going forward.


Maybe allowing Bryce Young to sit for a year watching, watching the media outlets and some of the pundits, some of the analysts are saying, Bryce, young Time and Carolina, but They want everybody to play. 'cause every everybody think they gonna get CJ Strau. The problem is Ocho is that people forget. Do you realize Patrick Mahomes sat his entire rookie year except one game? Yeah. Yeah. But that's not what they do with rookies this year now, huh? They don't even give the rookies time to develop and learn from the sideline. They Clear the deck door. If you, If you get drafted, number one, they throwing you to the wolves. They throwing you to the fire cars. Carson didn't start. Carson didn't start the whole year. John Kenner did. John Kenner started. Yeah. So times have changed now for one, the money that's being invested in these players, you know what?


We paying you so much. We need you to go out there right now and earn that paycheck. You need to earn what you making now. It's okay if you go to a team that is competent with weapons around you that you can use at your disposal, that makes your job easier. What Bryce Young has to do is he has to put on his fucking cape and be Superman, which he cannot do because he has nothing to use around him. You took you trade And I I mean that, I mean that as respectful as possible. You traded DJ Moore, somebody that could have gave him a quality receiver. You traded him. And I like Adam Feland, but Adam Feland, I mean, he, he, he's not what he was. He's not that Pro Bowl receiver anymore. He's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a decent number two, look at the receiving in general.


And I mean this in, no, I'm not trying to be disrespectful. You know, we talk about number two, we talk about twos and threes. Like, who can Bryce Young, oh, stay with me now. Who can Bryce Young Right? In the time of need, life of death situation. He can come to the ball, get up on the center and look at a receiver and say, you know what? Right now on this plate, I need you. I need you to win for me. Yeah. Hell or high water. I know you got me. No matter what, who can he, who can he do that to? Who can he do that with? Yeah. Got somebody he could do it with. Patrick Mahome got somebody to do it with. Joe Burrow got somebody to do it with.


Like, you can go down a list of teams that always have one dog. You just, You gotta have one. And the more you have, the better you are. I know. I can count on no matter what he got me, it's nothing. And then you got, he you got, he's having a string of bad plays back to back and all that does to a player's confidence. You already know what it does. Oh, He can beat up, He get press in the press con in the press conference Sunday. They asked him, have you lost your confidence? He said, my confidence is in the Lord. And when he said that, Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And when he said something like that, it shot. Huh?


Shot. I'm, I'm, I'm Christian. I believe I I believe in the man upstairs too. Yeah. But in that environment that, but the Carolina Panther, the Carolina Panther fans ain't trying to hear that at that moment. Oh no. Listen, the killer mind, the killer mindset you have to have at the quarterback position, hell nah. And number one, you can't shake my confidence. The confidence is number one. That's number one. Once that's gone, you just a shelly yourself out there.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week. But I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolfe. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday. All season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more. No. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars join me on the pod who'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league? And you know, we'll have fun doing it, huh? Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format. But it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast has something for you and you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I wish more guys realized Ocho for me, How you gonna break my confidence coming from where I came from? Oh yeah. Do you know what it took just for me to get here now that I'm here? Yeah, you think so? Oh you think okay, I drop a couple of passes, y'all boo. Y'all think that's gonna break me? Yeah. I should have been broke a long time ago because there along the way, I'm sure it's been 75,000 people that doubted me at some point in time. And I might not know 'em. Just like you don't know half them 75,000 or the 76, 70 7,000 or how many people that come to Carolina Games, you don't know them. You can't break my con You can't shake. You can't break my confidence because I know first of all, you, you drafted me 'cause clearly you, you liked what you saw on tape.


I played on a big time program. I won big time games against big time competitions. Yeah, but don't, don't don't let a couple of bad plays. Don't let somebody pull in. Now look, it's easy for me to say 'cause I've never been benched ocho so that's a lot easier for me to say. Yeah, I try to do, make sure I do everything I possibly could to, you know it's different for a re tight end receiver than it is a quarterback. Yeah. They have a lot more on their plate than what we have on our plate. Yeah. But nah, you're not finna break my confidence. You not finna shake me just 'cause I have a couple of bad game. Hey See I'm gonna do me I'ma, I'm gonna go out there and do me. And it's a lot, like I said Ocho, I'm responsible for my play.


He's responsible for everybody. When things go good, he's gonna get the credit. When they go bad he gonna get all the blame. That's what happens. You gotta think about it, huh? As a rookie, look at the circumstance. He's coming in. He's coming into as a rookie last year. Yeah. There's a reason he was the number one pick because It damn sure. In Alabama, Huh? It damn sure in Alabama. Yeah. You Come, when you follow tour you follow Mac Jones and you got those receivers that you got. You got Jameson Williams and you got met and you got those title, you got those running backs, you got Jamir Gibbs. Bro, Listen, you coming, you coming from a winning environment surrounded by adequate weapons that makes your job easy.


I'm not saying the course is easy, but when you have certain players around you Yes. And you have certain weapons at your disposal, you're able to facilitate the ball in a efficient way. Yeah. And that's something that he can do. He has to put on the cape and be something that he's not. He can't be Superman. Name one quarterback right now. Chad listen. Chad, listen to me. Name one quarterback right now that you can put on the Panthers and it would turn the whole franchise around. Who? Well look, you ain't got but you look, first of all, you ain't got but a handful of guys. You probably got like three or four guys Ocho that could go there and it Ella, it raises the level of play.


That's hard for a rookie because you gotta look at when Peyton Manny got the end. You know what Peyton, Manny had Ocho. Yeah. He had Marvin Harrison, he had, he had Marshall Fa two guys First Battle Hall of Famer. Marshall Hall Faulk was an if an MV was an MVP and a two time offensive player of the year. Yeah. And. we know what Marvin Harrison is. That's what he have. And they say, you know what we gonna do? That ain't enough. We gonna go get you Reggie Wayne Gie Wayne, you know what D ain't enough. We gonna go get you Ed James, Ed Edmond James. Oh, they ain't enough. We gonna get you Anthony Gonzalez, we gonna get you Joseph Die. Dallas Clark. Dallas Clark, Brandon Stokeley. Man, don't man, don't, don't get me started.


If You look at what Patrick Mahomes inherited, he had, look what he got. He had Tyreek. Yeah. Andy had Kelsey and they went out and they went out and got Sammy Watkins. Yeah. Been fortunate. Listen, you know, you, you think about everything you just said, drafting the right way, be putting pieces around the quarterbacks so they can have instant success. What, what is brother doing over there? And they wanna blame it on the quarterback. Amping up. They Wanna blame. Brady was the only one. Coach Mc Tom probably said, coach Belichick, don't you draft anybody up because you ain't drafted but one player That's been some good and that's Bronk. Everybody else we got in free agency.


We got, I mean what was Amon Dola? We you got him in free agency. Yeah, I think we, Edelman was a, was a undrafted free or a low round draft pick. You weer you, you, you signed him. But he was an undrafted. Yeah. You look at the guys that he signed, boy they would've been good and terrible. Man. You remember he got tw Tyquan Thornton, the guy from Baylor. Yeah. They ran like 4 2 6, 4, 2 7. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Man. Couldn't play dead on the Western. Wait, he what? He couldn't play dead on the Western. You know, all they do, all they, they pretend like they shoot you just fall. All they gotta do is just fall over ocho. It ain't happening.


Damn. Man. They trap dog Bryce young man. It's tough. It's tough on It. Is there, is there a scenario where he can go somewhere else? You know, most of the time a change of scenery. I mean, not this soon, Ocho Hell, they gave, they gave a a, a a what's the guy that was at JaMarcus Russell? They gave Sam Donald man, they gave the guy from Philly, not Philly, but the jet. Your guy who? That they gave him longer. He in Denver right now. Zach, you talking about Zach? Zach Wil. Yeah. I, I mean, I'm trying to understand, you know, this is like, man, listen, this is like being in a relationship, right? Hey, listen, Chad, stay with me real quick.


I'm, I'm, I don't understand what, what the organization is doing. For one, you draft a quarterback, you drafting, number one, you give up so much for him, right? Yeah. And that's like you dating somebody and, and, and you caught the woman. You caught her. You get, you buy her flowers, you open a door, you know, you do all the things you need to do to get you feel. And then you, you got her and then you say, you know what? This really ain't for me. I don't wanna do this no more. I'm finna go back to my ex. Right? You invested all this into somebody new, but you know it ain't working out. So I'm gonna go back to the next, instead of looking internally at the real issues on why things aren't going well, because isn't the first time you've had an issue at the quarterback position.


Yeah. So, you know the elephant in the room. We know what the elephant in the room is. It ain't the goddamn quarterbacks. It's what you got, man. I'm, I'm about, I'm about to cry for Bryce young man, but you Know, I I Ain't got time to be getting emotional goddamn money. Since you brought it, since you brought it up with, with the ladies and dating. Yeah. A lot of times we'll give up on a, on a, on a woman that has 80, 85%, 90% of what we want, only to be with somebody that has 10 to 20% of what we want. You ever notice that Ocho? I I ain. I ain't, no, I ain't that they time come.


It ain't time, time. Do me a favor. It Time, listen. I don't, I don't, I don't ask you for much. I don't ask you for much, but I need you to, to bring that back one more time. I need you to bring that back one more time because I, I, I, I, but I felt that, boy, you don't, you don't see me tearing up, are you? What? You but I ain't funny man. Do me a favor. I promise I ain't gonna cry. I promise I ain't gonna cry. But bring that back in more time. A lot of times men will leave a woman that has 80 to 90% of what we want, only to go be with somebody that has 10 to 20%.


You see that? We'll get mad at the woman. She got 80 to 90% of what we want. We get mad here. Come the 10 to 20. I need that. I promise you ain't crying. These are tears of joy. I need to hear that boy. Hey. Oh shit, boy, that was a good one. Why? Oh, it, It, it happened. I, I've done it. I see a lot of times when y'all, I don't tell you things that somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know. Ooh. Because a man will get mad and, and I don't know if women do it. I can't speak 'cause I don't know, I don't know how you guys think, but I'm just telling you how a man will think how, how I thought, man, Hey boy, that was a good one.


Boy, it ain't even Sunday. But you preaching though. Shit got me, got me crying. Shit. Fuck wrong with me. Okay, let me tighten up. Let's go back to the show. The Dolphin signed, signed Tyler Huntley off the Raven Practice squad to his seeing a neurologist and retirement is not in consideration after suffering his already documented concussion. Instead he's in concussion protocol working to get cleared for return. Mike McDaniel said there hasn't been any decision placed on whether Tua would be placed on Injury reserve. He's doing well today. And And, we take it day by day. He's smiling with his teammates. He's working with trainers. Yeah. And the medical staff diligently.


They, I I like the choice. I like the choice. I think for those in the chat that have watched Tyler Huntley play understand what they're getting, at some point I may, maybe a week, maybe two, depending on how long he takes to learn the playbook. There's so much that the Dolphins could be able to do with him. He's a dual threat quarterback. Yep. He's a, he's a good thrower of the ball. Yep. He's someone that can get the ball to waddle, to Tyreek. He can throw a good deep ball, but also escaping his escap ability is up to par. I'm not calling him Lamar Jackson, but if you saw when he hit the Ravens and he had to, he Played well. He played well.


Yeah. He, he came in and Played, played really well. So I think that's a good fit for the dolphins. And he needs, needs to be behind center as soon as possible. Because if you look at the numbers, no disrespect to Skylar Thompson. If you look at the numbers and the efficiency when Skylar Thompson plays, even with Waddle and goddamn Tyreek, I mean Tyreek Hill at the him, it ain't that good. It ain't that good. So you want to be in contention as long as possible and until two is able to come back and return, which I think will probably be week six. I think the bi week is five. Maybe the bi week is six. So I think two will come back week seven. I think the thing is Ocho is that I think Tua had a concussion that wasn't diagnosed.


Remember he got that concussion and they say, oh, it was his shoulder. He was stumbling in his offensive lineman. And then he come right back out there that Thursday night against Cincinnati. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And get slammed. And, We salt back of the head. Yeah. And if I'm not mistaken, I think he had one at, at Alabama. It's tough to leave something not on your terms. Right. Especially this early. This early after I just got paid. After I, after I just got paid. And I have to continue to prove myself that I'm worthy of the contract that I received. Especially after dealing with the bullshit when Brian brother Brian, Flo Flores was here.


Yes. I have to prove myself, not just myself, but also to the doubters who said I wasn't worthy of being the quarterback of the Miami Dolphins. I'm not worthy that the contract that I just received, I have to prove my, there's no way in hell. That's why I said it as soon as it happened, And, we talked about it ain't no way in hell of retiring. Ain't no way in hell. It just, it just, you know, as a competitor Yeah. Of The game of football. Like you just said, all it took you to do all you went through the obstacles, the ups, the downs to even get to this point in life, you think I'm gonna just hang it up behind some concussions despite the health risks.


Health Risks. Yeah. Long term. Hey doctors, doctors don't like to be a definitive because they don't know. They're like, okay, we think this, you know, I was listening to Teddy, I, I went back and Teddy Bruski. Yeah. He said when he had his stroke, he said, the doctor says, okay, you could be okay, but there's always a possibility. We think there's very minimal risk. Right. But this is, this is still a procedure. This is still surgery. The body is going to be opened up in this situation where my brother went to get his eval eval for his neck. Right. The doctor looked at him and told him, he said, Mr. Sharp, you get to make your own decision.


But if you were my son Mm, I would advise you never to play football again. Take one hit. Huh? That was it. My brother's like, Hey, 29 years of age just come off a 94 catch 94, catch 18 touchdown season. Mm, 29. It was over. Hey Michael Irvin, same thing. Huh? Michael Irvin had a a a Yeah, he had a na stenosis, which is narrowing of the, of the spine. Ah. So he got got boom done. See, I, I think the thing is, is that, you know, we never think anything that's bad traumatic is gonna happen to us.


Right. Right. That happen to other people. Right. I ain't gonna get no car wreck Ocho. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna, you know, get no Achilles, no ac. That's not gonna happen to me. That happened to other people. And so it's hard to like, man, look, God got me. And he does. Yeah. But at the end of the day, the the thing is is that I'm looking at, we know more now, Ocho they know more now. Doctors know more. The players know more now than they did in the sixties, seventies, eighties, nineties, even the two thousands. And you know what Ocho 10, 15 years from now, they'll know even more. Yeah. It's amazing how far medicine and science has come, has come just in the last 10 years.


I mean, when they used to do hip surgery, they used to cut the glute, they used to cut the muscle. Now all they do is just move it to the side. Yeah. They come in through the front. They don't go in through the back no more. That's how far the advancement, the, the types of material that they use last longer sturdier. Hey, and, and speaking of, I'm I, I just wanna throw this little tad bit out there real quick. Since I heard you say medicine and And, we science and science and you know, can I honestly say I think there's a cure for everything. Can I, can I say that? Is it okay for me to, to say that Ain't no money in the cure. The money is in the treatment And the research. Okay. I just wanna make sure we on the same page.


So I'm gonna close. Yeah. I, I just wanna make sure Same thing. Why the hell would I cure you? I want you, I want you to be reoccurring. I want you to keep coming back. I don't wanna clear no high blood pressure. I don't wanna cure. No, no. I don't cure that. Come on man. Come on now. I just wanna make sure we on the same page now so I can close my book. Shit. That's what I'm talking about. I just wanna make, okay, I just so you know, The Volume


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off the Edge with me. Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By El Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space. Every week we bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers. Only now is from the dynasty perspective. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I.