
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy. Plug in a Hyundai ev. And the extraordinary happens from the charge Time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 IAC five SEL limited rear wheel drive, and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.


Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com. This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com.


Eligible items only exclusions apply. Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com. The Volume, the 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season.


Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can Bev $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling.


Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. C dk nng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. That was dope. That was dope. He just brought it up. Ty fastest time with 20 in the next gen stat In high school, right?


No, in 2026 on 105 yard kickoff return that was nullified by holding, he reached the top speed of 23 point 24. Right? No allows in the a hundred meter dash reached the top speed of 27.09. I think, I think when we, when we think about Tyreek saying I can beat you. What, let's say, let's say what happens? Listen to me now real quick. Okay. Stay with me now. I'm working. Stay with you And. if you take Tyreek, not football speed, Tyre, but you take Tyreek doing track training, losing the weight and having the same type of training Noah allows, does, what do you think that, what do I, and I, I mean no disrespect, we know Noah is the fastest man alive right now in the world.


What happens if you take as fast as Tyrek is? What happens if he has that Olympic style training, let's say for a year and hypothetically speaking him and Noah Lys race, what happens? He not beating Noah ly. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I'm just saying because Because Think about this, think about Tyreek. Tyreek has no technique. His form technique is all that all outta whack. He know. He just, he just, he just goes His on, He, he's just fast. So imagine if they, they, they tighten all that up. Mechanics drive phase his transition. I'm, I'm just curious. He can be faster than what he is right now. That's the scary part.


He would've had ocho It is hard. Yeah. I mean, Tyreek really hadn't done this in a long period of time. And like you said, he's like muscle bound now. He's a, he's a ball of muscle. If he, he probably gonna pull something because he's bound so tight. No, seriously. No, he's, he, he's bound tight. I mean, to to reach that, to reach that speed Yes. That they run. Yes. Probably that just tells you it is a testament to how fast he is and how far behind everybody else is in the NFL when they think they fast. Yes. And my my my thing is it's not worth the risk. No, because you pull a hamstring. He, he not gonna just pull a hamstring. He probably gonna probably rip it off the bone. Gary. Yeah, you teared off the bone.


Especially running at that high rate that, that high rate of speed. So Nah, he, he good. Hey, it, it's great fodder. I love talking about it. But look, we know Tyreek had an outstanding, he's from Georgia. He went to Coffee County, which is south of me a little further. It's probably about an hour, maybe 70 minutes from me. So I, I'm very familiar with him. The Trojan, I think Tyreek ran in high school. He ran like 20 point, 20.1 as a junior. He ran like 9, 9, 8 in college. Now think about that. So, you know, like if you think about that, if he ran 9, 9, 8 in college, right? Think about if he stuck with track.


Think about how much faster that time would've continued to drop with the right training getting stronger. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. And I think that's where he is coming from with saying I could beat Noah Lou. Matter of fact, you know what would be funny for content purposes if they line it up for real, not even, not the content purposes, that would be brilliant Man. Look here, That would be brilliant. Pocho. Yes sir. I ain't fixing to that man just got 90 million. I'm gonna get all 90 of that million. I ain't doing nothing to mess up my money. I do all that. Talking is fine. I ain't messing up my money Ocho.


It Is just running unc it is just running the boys good. Hey, Gotta think. We've been running, we've been running, we've been running all our life. Unc it is it just running? Somebody call you out. You already know what time it is. You put, you gotta line It up. Ani Dawson tore his hamstring in the Pro Bowl. He was never the same. Who never Damani Dawson, the center, all world center for the Pittsburgh Steelers. The, I did that the center, If I'm not mistaken, I think he was trying to take Chase Dion on the interception. Okay. That ain't funny. My bad, my bad. God, forgive me. She laughed. I think I gotta reach, I gotta reach out to about and see God, God forgive me.


Tyreek Tyreek ran 9, 9, 8, and a hundred meters at age 18. He ran 20.14, plays him six at the US to qualify for the Olympic trials. But look, I I get it. I mean, it's, it, it's, it's, and you see a lot of, a lot of Noah's teammates rushed to his defense. Oh yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most a lot of, I mean, they, they was making fun. Even the Bo Swan, the Botswanan, they were making fun of daddy guy in a wheelchair. Yeah, I Saw, I saw it. I saw it. I saw, yeah, We told that thing out. Listen, I mean, listen, when, when you're, when you're outlandish, you know, when, when you're, when you're a showman like that, you have to, and things don't go your way.


That's what's gonna happen. You know, pe people are gonna do that. So I think he understands that comes for the territory and listen right back to the drawing board. Right back to the drawing board. It's, it's, it's the way, it's the way it is. Now, if you were quiet and didn't say anything and just went on about your business and just ran, then nobody will say anything. But, but you have to understand, you understand what comes along with that. Yeah. When you're outgoing, when you, that's what people wanna see Ali get beat. Yeah. Because he did all that bragging Floyd. People Wanna see Floyd get beat, beat. He did all that. Bragging. Bragging. Yeah. So when you brag a lot, Jack Johnson, they wanted to see him get beat. They're like, oh, nah, nah, you supposed to be humble. No, that's what you supposed to be, right? I'm supposed to be me.


Yeah. I ain't dimming my life for nobody. Yeah. Just for you. But man, that was great. Over the next, what, several weeks, we're gonna probably get all the Olympians that, that has success. The gold medals, the world record. We've already had Bobby Fink on, we just had Ry we had Q on. We gonna get Bernie, we gonna get the mixed relay team. So we gonna get some of the, we're gonna get some of the swimmers on Yeah. They're gonna stop by and, and and, and give us an opportunity to talk to 'em and for our audience, Nightcap audiences to, to see these young men and women and congratulate them on their success. So yes, I, I was proud. I was, man, I was happy for all of them, but I was really happy for Ry because I know, I know over the last three years what he had been going through, right.


Like he said, you know, going, you know, no matter what the case may be, I'll let him know, Hey bro, hey, you all right? Yeah, you are. You all right? So I was so happy when he won that race because I know what it meant to him to win. I know what he put into it. Right. To win, to win. And sometimes ocho you can do everything right. And it still doesn't work Out. Just not your time, But nothing makes you feel better than when a plan comes together. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, when you put, when you see it and You put the work in And thing laid out, you and I, we put, Hey, I call you up and say Ocho, hey, I got this idea. Hey Doug, I got an idea, man. Ocho in town. Hey man, can y'all meet me at such and such?


Okay, Ocho this is what I'm thinking, man. Real. A I'm in. Yeah. I you, but I'm in. I, I Ain't, I Don't, Nothing else I'm in now. Look. Now look. Yeah, That's it. I don't, I don't take much convincing Joe Harbaugh, go ahead. Go ahead. What you wanna say? No, I said I don't take much convincing there, especially something like that. Or I can beat myself. I can talk and I need a mic. Yep. Sign me up. Jim Harbaugh walked the high Colin Kaepernick on the, for the charger stab, or I call Kaepernick is twenty, thirty six years of age, recently told Sky Reports. He still wants to play in the NFL New Chargers coach contents. He wants his former quarterback in the, the NFL as a member of his coaching staff.


Par said, if that's ever a path he wants to take, I think it would be tremendous. He'd be tremendous coach if that's the path he choose. I mean, I like it. Going back to seven years ago, what Kaepernick was standing for, the message behind it, the social injustice issues. Yep. The police brutality issues. I like everything he did. But what he has to understand and wanting to come back to the NFL wanting to play quarterback, he has to understand the difference in when you want to be an activist along with, along with activism comes sacrifice.


Yes. Along with activism comes sacrifice. So what you did is you sacrificed your career because there's 32 owners that, well, if that's what you wanna do, you can do that. But what you won't be doing is doing it on our time when we're playing you to play a Pacific Sport O Joe, what's the likelihood you're ab you are able to sue someone and then still go able to work for that organization? Yeah. That's, that's very difficult. Especially after that you, you, you won that settlement and to, to think that they would, they would let you back. Well, listen, how about giving the money back? Do you think that, that that would've been a hell? Nah. I ain't give no money. What they do that at who give money back?


Listen, but listen, stay, stay with me now. Now this is something if I, I want to get back into the NFL back then after seven years, after seven years, I, it is not likely. But back then, I think in some type of meeting, I, I would've had some type of talk where listen, no lawsuit. All I ask is you gimme an opportunity to play the game that I love and not cherish. Please. No, no. That money, I done invested it, I done bought some treasury bills. Hey, listen, I ain't giving, I ain't giving. I, I I, Okay, Shannon, give the money back so you can do X. No, I'm gonna stay right here. I'm good.


Yeah. Didn't give no money back. Hell no. You shot out. But I, I'm misunderstanding. I, I, listen, I love, I love what my dog was standing for though. I love what he was standing for. But if you understand these owners and you know what they bottom line is, and you know, they will, they will, they will show the signs of paint the end zones or putting the stickers on the helmets. You know, That's optics, Optics, optic aesthetics. It really means nothing. And it, it went away fast. It, it went away fast. And it's back to the order of business. So again, you know, with Activis, with activism, I ain't get no money back.


Come sacrifice. And the, the, the, the, the sacrifice was, was the career. Right. It is Unfortunate. I think everybody know how I felt about Colin Kaepernick. Yeah. I was one of the few on television that we spoke about it. Yeah. It just so happens that when I got to Fox undisputed, we talked about it every single day. Yeah. Multiple times a day. Right. For like three months. We were the, even when all the other shows had gone away from it, we were still hammering it. They were still going that 'cause I believe, I believe Ka was right. I I understood what he was standing for. Oh yeah. He told you what he was doing that for and people still still didn't want to hear it. Nah, Well, you know, don't talk about it.


They don't, I don't, you know, I said, hold on. If you got cancer, your doctor told you to go home, we ain't gonna talk about it. We gonna check back in six months. You gonna listen to that. Mm. So you think if you don't talk about racism, it goes away. Yeah. Oh Listen, Come on now. You Know. You know, and when you think about it, unc listen, there's certain things you can fight for, right? Yes. There's certain things you can fight for that are never going away. Yeah. Some things are never gonna change no matter what. Now you have to think about they've taken off the hoods. They don't wear the hoods no more. They don't wear the bedsheets with the eyes cut out. They don't do that no more. But where they do what, where they are now is they're in positions of power.


Yeah. That's always been the case. They Wear, they're wearing suits and ties. They're wearing badges. They have, they hold the g the gavels. You know, I mean it's, it's, it's just the lay of the land. It's the lay of the landscape and it's the way it will always be. I love fighting the good fight fight. But you, it, it, it, it, it's, it's such a fuck, it's such a touchy, it's such a touchy subject. The fact that we've been fighting this long And, we still gonna keep fighting. And, and when you and I are gone, we still gonna be fighting the same fight. Yeah. It just, it's, it's, it's unfortunate and it just, it's crazy when you think about life and you think about how far we've come and you think we've come a long way.


And the one thing about history is, is is it repeats itself. If you look what's going around or if you look back, I, I, I don't really get into politics like that, but I pay attention. I pay attention. History repeats itself. And, if you're paying attention when it comes to politics, if you're paying attention to some of the laws that are being changed right upon our nose, but they're using different tactics to distract us from what's going on. I mean, I see it and, and I'm paying attention. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's crazy. It's crazy. It is, it is unfortunate. Chief Chris Jones offers to pay 1.5 million worth of $1.5 million of chicken wings that was stolen from a cafeteria by a cafeteria worker is sent us.


Vera Liddell, who's working as a cafeteria consultant for the Illinois School district, admitted stealing $1.5 million worth of chicken wing, got 11,000 cases between July of 2020 in February of 2022. The chicken wings were intended for underprivileged children receiving free lunches during the pandemic shutdown ocho. Yeah. Does she got a wing? Does she got a wing stops? Man, I, I, listen, I don't know what's going on, but I, I think I know what she probably was doing and she was taking the chicken. And obviously, you know, you, you know, you know, she wasn't eating it. She was selling she the side. She was selling on the side. Yeah. I like, I like, I like Chris's idea. I like Chris' Jones' idea and wanting to pay, wanting to pay the money back.


But you know, they, they not, they're not letting her out. They're not letting out. Simply because not only were you stealing, but you were stealing from underprivileged kids. Underprivileged kids to make some sad and the consultants, you know, where that was supposed to go. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I mean that, that, that's unfortunate. But listen, kudos, kudos to my dog crisp bra. That, that's, that that's standup. That's, that's real standup shit to even offer to do. I like, Lord. I mean, I guess, you know, desperate time call for desperate measures, but Well, I'm, well I'm over here cooking. Huh? God damn. I see. Yeah. Man. Ac ac out. The AC man will be here tomorrow, man. I, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not taking, I'm not taking from somebody that's, that's, that's, I mean, they, they underprivileged kids.


Yeah. That's what I mean. They're kids. Yeah. I mean, during the pandemic. Mm. I mean I, Hey, kudos to you CJ, for doing that. That, that's, that's a tremendous gesture. But man, I just, I just don't, I just don't have a whole lot of sympathy for people that pray on the week. I don't ocho kids. Yeah. Elderly and animals. Yeah. Things that can't defend themselves. They can't fight back. Right. I'm out. I, I ain't got no excuse. No, I don't even, don't even bring me your excuse.


'cause I ain't trying to hear it No mercy when it comes to kids, the elderly and animals. Yes sir. I'm out. I got, I'm still, I'm with you when you I'm with you when you're right now I'm definitely with you when you're right. So Jordan Childs is finally opening up about losing the her Olympic bronze medal. She stated that she felt the decision to give the honor to whatever the, the, the Romanian honor barber suit and wake up the alleged and valid challenge with unjust calling it a significant blow. Not just to me, but to everyone who has championed my journey to make matters. Where she added to receive an unpro, racially driven attacks and wake up the officials ruling.


But she appeared positive at some point in the future, she'll get her bronze back around her neck flavor. Flave also gave her a bronze clock to replace the metal. Mm. This man, they'd be, but they don't like Americas every chance. We, every chance they, they get. Yeah. They go, they go, They go. They try to bend us over a barrel. Ocho Yeah. Every time. Every time. You know, they, they don't like us. Especially when it comes to events like this, where we damn near somewhat dominate most of the competitions. Obviously China's is, is very good, very good as well. But for the most part, we dominate in, in everything.


So anytime they have a chance to stick it to us, they will do it. Especially with the reasoning they gave behind it. Now, I I, if I'm not mistaken, they did appeal, right? Or did? Yes. Was it upheld or, Yeah. Yeah, it was denied. Ugh. That's tough. So Yeah. That's tough. She did steal from Yes. Just like, did that lady really steal? No, here's the face. The chicken wings weren't intended for underprivileged children that were receiving free lunches during the pandemic shutdown. Black, white, Hispanic, Asian. It does not matter. I have no sympathy. If you, if you do something for people that cannot help themselves, kids, elderly and animals are out.


I got no sympathy for you. So you can take that Justin Timberlake and Cry River and take it somewhere else because I ain't trying to hear it. I've always been like that. Yeah. Y'all know my record. It speaks for itself. Wait, somebody trying, somebody trying to play the black card? Yeah. Oh. Oh, the black card. How do we know? Stop it. Y'all would do anything. Y'all, y'all trying to, that's the problem with the world. They always trying to justify everything. Mm. Just see what it's, I'm like, I understand. Maybe I should, you know what? Don't y'all, I mean, that got me in trouble. What Said, I dunno.


Go to Mississippi and ask why the guy that did something similar, miss. I don't know. I'm just, and I spoke out against that. Oh, I know you talking about, I know you talking about Cost me 750,000 in attorney fees. Where y'all at on that? Y'all got so much to say, oh, don't do this. Why is my seven 50,000 that I paid these attorneys in DC to defend my black ass? So while y'all bumping y'all gums talk about what she Shannon don't do. Yeah. Ain't nobody did that. Where's it gonna fund me? It's always gonna be the same thing. Yeah. Somebody that does something against kids, the elderly and animal.


I got nothing. They give you a hundred years. Oh, well do it. And I ain't putting nothing on your books. I don't care if it's my kids, my brother, I don't care. I don't have sympathy for anybody that prays on the weak. I view the weak as the elderly kids and animals. I'm out. I commend cj, but that ain't me. Right. I, I got a question now. Now I'm a what about us, what about us scammers? Now how you feel about us? Us scammers. Like, we don't, we don't pray on the week. We pray on, we rob Peter to pay Paul.


Like how you feel about like, I'm a Yahoo boy, I how you feel about us? Just What you mean? Hell no. Hell, I'm Peter, You bother me. Hell nah. Oh nah. I, nah, not you. I'm talking about No, the other Peters, they, Peter, they Peter, Peter sit up top he way up there. Oh, Ocho. Yeah. When you take something Right, Right, right. With the intent. And you know, it's for the elderly. Oh no. Yeah. No. You know, For kids, not for them. Oh yeah. Okay. Come on, man. Yeah. Ain't know that that's crazy. I'm like, why you, why you, You trying to justify it. Somebody in the chat was trying to justify. Of course. But that's, that's my thing is, is that for me, I, I'm just very simplistic in my approach.


Right. I don't, I, I'm huge, I'm huge on accountability. Right. I'm huge. If I'm wrong, Ocho my grandfather tell my brother, me and my brother this all the time. He said, son, never be too big. Never be too prideful. Never be too nothing to accept responsibility and accountability. I don't care if I got a zillion dollars. Mm. If I'm wrong, I'm gonna be man enough to say Right. I was wrong. Right. I'm gonna self recon. I'm gonna self responsibility for my actions. I'm gonna be accountable for what I did. The greatest apology is change behavior. Yeah. That's me.


Everybody look at it. Okay. That's not how y'all wanna do it. Hey, I ain't here to try. I ain't trying to, but I'm just saying for me, kids, elderly man, the come on man. People that can't defend themselves. Yeah. You no kids. I mean, the kids hungry, y'all. See, I don't know if anybody know, but I know what it's like. I, I was, you know, I didn't have the most, I mean, sometimes we just ate bread. We didn't have the, we, we didn't have what I got now, the ability to go and I can eat whatever I want to eat whenever I want to eat it. My grandmother gave us, and I ate what I ate because Ocho we have a choice. Right. Y'all make it seem like, man, you ate raccoon, you would've ate it too. Y'all ate turtle and possum and, and and squirrel and rabbit.


Yep. You would've ate it too. Listen, you snuck one in, you snuck one in there on me. And you were, you was cooking. And I ain't want to interrupt you, but I so got me something I could use in my next argument with re now the greatest apology, it changed behavior. Yes. Now, next time she get to cussing and acting like we in the goddamn army and, and she the lieutenant and I'm some goddamn cadet. I'm gonna use that now. The greatest you support is changed, but yeah. Yeah, yeah. So that, but that was a, that was a gym right there. Boy, that was a cue. So it asked me where her ass at now, Where she at Ocho A goddamn Turks with my daughter and her homegirls.


She done went back to Turk and Caicos again. Back to God, Turks and Caicos. My old, my my second to oldest daughter, one of her homegirls birthday. Wow. And here I am again. You see what I'm talking about Now, where I'm at, I'm at home now. I really can't complain because she paid the bills. And I, I am, I'm a stay at home father. But the fact that, well, goddamn, I just argued with you on the, on the last show about being present and in the household. And here you go. Your, your light-skinned ass gone again. But it's Cool. Don't trip. The greatest apology is change behavior.


God damn. That's a good one. Unc shit. Yeah. I can't, Can't wait. Oh, don't never be too big. Don't never be too big, too pride. I'm sorry. I was wrong. Yeah, Yeah. Sometimes people think, well, I, that's Oh, because, because oh, if you'd have done this, this, and this, he shouldn't have to apologize if you've done that, that, that you shouldn't have to apologize. No, you wrong. Yeah. If you are wrong, you apologize. Simple, short, concise, hard thing. Good point. Yeah. I mean, when I apologize with you, I don't write it down because I want you to speak from my heart. I don't want you to think it's rehearsed. Right. I did what I did at the Lakers game. I came right out there, looked into the camera.


No work. I spoke from my heart. I was wrong. Dead ass. Whatever Fox decide would've decided to do, I didn't eat it. Right. That's what you do. Right. But man, people just, I just, I don't get it. I just, like I said, I that's, that's one of the mistakes that I make ocho is that I think of sometimes that I, I'm expecting people to see things be like you, Like you do. That's, that's the hard part. That's the hard part. And that comes with growth expecting you from other people. But you, you learn that the hard way. You learn, you learn that the hard way. And it comes through experience and trial and error with dealing with people Very hard If you are a certain way and would react a certain way to certain situations and you expect people to treat you the way you treat them.


Boy, if I had a dollar for every time, Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking.


My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately.


Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com. Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm.


The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com. $5,000. That's the average amount of money people in the US are now spending on gas in a year. Five grand. That's crazy. If you drive, you have to download upside the free app that gives you cash back every time you get gas. That's right. You can earn real cash back with upside just by buying the gas you're already buying.


You can literally start earning cash back today. I use Upside every time I fill up and I've already made around two, $300. You're Putting gas in your car anyway. Why not get real cash back if you like Free money a download upside. I'm saving the cash iron from using upside to help pay for a vacation later this year. Download the free upside app now to earn cash back every time you buy gas. Use promo code save to get an extra 25 cents per gallon on your first tank. You can cash out any time, right? Your bank, PayPal or a gift card for Amazon and other brands. Just download the free upside app and use promo code save for a 25 cents per gallon bonus on your first tank. That's code save for a 25 cents per gallon bonus Ocho.


The college football playoff will no longer use conference titles as a tie breaker to determine its field. Given the five highest ranked conference winners will receive automatic bids into the 12 team tournament. The college football playoff made that announcement today. The college football playoff had four teams for the LA for the past 10 years, but will now triple the number of playoff participants. The top four ranked conference winners will get first round buys. The other tiebreakers are still in place, including strength of schedule and head-to-head results. Right. You like that ocho? Yeah. Yeah. It is cool. And, and I I could be honest with you because I mean, I could be honest with you. I can, I'm be honest with the chat. I I don't really watch too much college football.


Well don't you better, you better start. Yeah, I mean, Because we gonna have to start talking about college football. Oh Man. I'm ready. So what I've always done in the past and the fact that we really haven't had college football to talk about the up until this point, right. Is Malik Nabors the big names Devonte Smith when they was in college? Yeah. You know, I, I would always watch if they were playing and it was gonna be on TV for some reason I always wanted to pay attention and see what the hype was about. Right. Certain individuals and certain players that were up for Heisman. And I watched games like that. But like sitting back, just watching college for some reason, I'm not gonna say it's boring because I, I've heard people say that they enjoy college football much more than pro the NFL, which is, I didn't understand it until I went to a LSU game with my daughter.


She went on a visit, we went to a LSU game and oh my god, now I can see now the atmosphere puts the NFL to change. Oh Yes. Oh the atmosphere College Kids man. And I went, I went to a LSU game on a visit with her and I went to a Tennessee game. LSU and Tennessee put every NFL atmosphere to shame. And that, I mean, no disrespect to any of the teams and their fans, it just does. They ain't sit down the whole game. Oh Joe, that's the south football is king in the south. I Ain't even, I ain't never seen nothing like that. Mind you remember I played at Oregon State, you know, not Sure.


I dunno what they do in Oregon. The Oregon state. The Oregon, I know they got the big uniforms and all that. But when it comes to football, yeah, it's in the south. So what, what other schools are like that as far as the experience in the stands? Tennessee, Georgia, Clemson, Georgia, like that too. Name, name. A school in the south. So all is like how Tennessee and LSU was. All of 'em. Yes. Alabama. Yes. Boy, They just have a bunch of fans. But Alabama's gonna pack a hundred thousand in there. Georgia's gonna do a, gonna do 90,000. Right. That thing was the site. Yes, yes, yes. In the south Ocho. Yeah. It's King Florida.


Mm, absolutely. Absolutely Texas. Texas a and m And over there too. What Man? Texas a m put pack 105 hundred, 608,000 In the Wait they got that many. How did they stadium sit that many damn people? They added the house that Johnny built. They got that long money down there. They got that, they got that, they got that oil money. They got that oil money. The of it money. Huh? What Man? How you think Jimbo, Jimbo had the number one recruiting class couple years in a row?


Why ain't win no national championship then? Because he ain't coach sa damn. Take more than the money, huh? Hell yeah. But you can get him. Yeah. Might not keep him but you can get him. Yeah. Ocho a man is confused to why people are declining his wedding invitation. Ocho, let's take a look at this video. Yes sir. Alright. TikTok, tell me if I'm tripping or not. So me and my fiance, we are getting married, right? And to be a part of our wedding, you have to pay $450 for a ticket. And that's for each guest. So we invited friends and family to our wedding. Tell me why Everybody that we invited has declined the invitation. We already have spent 100, maybe almost close to $200,000 on the wedding.


We have already pre-ordered the cake. We already put down a deposit for the venue. We've already got the wedding dress, everything. We pay everything for the wedding. DJ photographer, everything for the wedding. And what I don't understand is, is that y'all spend 400 more money, more money on stupid stuff, but you can't come out to support your family and your friends at the wedding. Like, tell me if I'm wrong, tell it like, is we wrong? We like, like let me know, let me know because y'all pay for tickets. Beyonce tickets, a thousand dollars tickets. Y'all going to go meet Chris Brown for a thousand something dollars. But when it comes to your friends and your family, you can't pay the ticket. Like these weddings ain't cheap.


Like we like the weddings ain't cheap. Like, like, like what's going on? Like I don't get it. Like let us know or we wrong for charging for a wedding. You Dead ass wrong. Nobody coming to see you paying no goddamn money to come see you get married in this goddamn economy, man. So As out talk about close to 150, 200,000. Y'all the damn fools. You ain't got it. If you got the charge for a wedding. Crazy hell ass shouldn't be getting married. No. I wish, Wish somebody pay for somebody. Go to put somebody wedding. Hold on. You going to charge everybody $450 to try to recoup the money that you paid on that you paid for the wedding, which it shouldn't even be that much.


It shouldn't. 102 two, excuse me. Excuse me if I'm wrong, Chad. Y'all help me out. Please give me an amount on how much a wedding should cost. Let's start there. No, I wanna, I wanna break it down into parts. How much, much wedding cost. Hojo, You know better than me, uncle. I'm just asking you. The, the question is, how much, how bad do you want? Impress somebody and that'll dictate the cost of your wedding. Okay, now, now you're talking, now you're talking, you See they don't spend 200,000 right now unless, unless, unless, unless her daddy worth about 10, 15, 20, 30 million. Right? I wish I might, I wish my daughters would come to me and talk about y'all better take this money for a down, for a down payment on the house and get y'all ass on a outta here.


Wait, so two, I stand beside, I come stand beside you to court in just a piece. So 200,000 is, that's too extravagant. That's way too much for work. What? For a wedding? Some people that don't even, don't even like the group or the bride and don't Right Man, I, they just, they just coming to be nosy. Huh? So Chad, help me out. Chad, please gimme the numbers. 'cause I'm listen and you, you not, you don't even know I'm planting a seed right now. I keep asking you for a reason now. Yeah, But Ocho here's the thing. Ocho normally the father, I got two daughters. Yeah. They already know. My oldest already say, oh, if you think my daddy gonna play X, Y, and Z, that ain't happen.


Destination wedding. If you want, okay, I wish I, I wish I might pay, pay $400 to go to somebody else's wedding. And then he go, he got stop counting my pocket. Oh, money. See Chris, That's my money. Money. Don't worry about what I spend my money on. I I just ain't spending four $50 to go to no wedding. Right. So if I wanna take $450, if I wanna take $4,000 and buy a Beyonce ticket, if I wanna take $10,000 and buy a Beyonce ticket or go to the Super Bowl, that ain't none of your business support family and friends means I'm going to show up.


Okay? Right. If you got a business, if let's say ocho, you got a restaurant, right? Okay. I ain't coming to eat free. I'll pay, I'm gonna pay for my meal. I'm gonna tip the service. If you got a business where you selling t-shirts or clothing, I support you. But if you think for one second, I'm gonna pay four 50 to go see your funky ass wedding, man, you out your mind. Hey, the, the chat I I, I didn't see nothing over 50 grand. I'm, I'm reading the chat and everybody in the chat said 50 grand is a max for a wedding. Now, now, when it comes to, to weddings, I, I love the fairytale ending. I love little girls that are raised, you know, watching movies and being taught and, and groomed into, into that happy ending and actually making that come true and living that dream or living that fairytale.


But at what cost? And in today's era, today's era of, of women in aesthetics and social media. Like, do women really wanna be, do they wanna have weddings? I think they wanna have weddings. They don't wanna be, they don't wanna be married. I think that, I think that's the disconnect. They like the weddings, the aesthetics, the pretty, the changing outfits. But they don't like what actual marriage entails. There's a difference. I would break it down right now, but I'm not gonna break it down because we don't have that kind of time. The, The, the, the more, the more extravagant the wedding, the shorter the wedding, the shorter the marriage. Yeah.


The more extravagant. Right. The short go. Look at all those Hollywood stars that spend all that money, right? 1 million, 500,000, 200,000 and see how long they stayed. Now go look at the ones that had the little, the little quaint wedding that went to the church. Right. Or that or they went to justice of the piece. Right. Because you got that big ass wedding. You just try man you man I know a dude had a homeboy. Man Joe got married custom suit, custom gator shoes. What happened Was married by the long as a snowball in the microwave. Hey, you would marry what?


How long? As long as a snowball in the microwave. How long that last man please pay all that money. 200, $200,000. For what? Whatcha paying 200,000 for ocho. What? I'm just trying to figure what, what you rent now? My hall. What you rent now? The white house. You Hey, I, I listen that's What y'all what y'all, what y'all eating? Caviar Lobster. That's a great topic because I have no idea on how much weddings actually cost. And the funny thing about it is I keep asking purposely because you already know who is doing all the planning and I'm curious to what that bill gonna look like because we ain't going too far.


Now we going, we going right to, we going right to The Bahamas. We ain't going that. I mean that, that's the 30 minute flight. Hey, I give, I gave my daughters a budget. You got a budget? I don't get whatever you do after that. What number? What number? I mean, I don't wanna be in your business but what number? You said 30,000. Okay. So you can, you can have a, you could have a wedding with 30,000. I don't know what you can have. I ain't even one getting married. I don't give a damn. Hey, they better go get one of more fry. Hey, hey, hey y'all from the south. Y'all know about that, that, that that fried can fish your spaghetti plate. Hey, I know somebody hooked that thing right on up.


What they charge by the plate? 10 50 ahead spaghetti. A fried catfish a piece of cornbread and a thing. A styrofoam cup of sweet tea. That's all you're getting man. I'm not fitting to go age just because this, just because they daddy. So. Oh hell now man, I wish I might take that money and put a down payment on the house. Man, you crazy, don't you? And I wish I might put all that money for my daughter just 'cause I got it.


Well you got me cry. Somebody say but oh, you help me fish spaghetti. Where the hell? Yeah. Yeah. Talking about, oh dude ass asshole. We getting our money back. If y'all get divorced, I'm gonna need a receipt. Hell nah man. Please man. They be doing, they be doing too much OCHO now, everybody. And what I, I'm just trying to figure out, Chad, when, when, when do we get to this point where we just tried to impress everything? Somebody got, man, somebody had a wedding. Well I gotta, I gotta have a bigger wedding. I got the damn dress all the way.


I mean the train. Man, you gotta have a train, have a flatbed brain to train. And girl got, I like, come on now. Y'all doing too much? Nah, hell no. Mm, No man, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't fixing do all that, but I tell 'em I look, hey, my kids ain't, my kids ain't got no money. Oh. I dunno what y'all think, shit. Hell no. Yeah. You saying they need a flatbed for the train?


Yeah, I mean, because because everybody, everybody trying to, everybody think they gonna have this, this to be on the cover of People magazine with their wedding. So everybody gotta go. I gotta, I, I gotta woo, I gotta have this and I gotta bri brick this big ass building and I gotta have a photographer that's charging me 10,000 to take picture. Man, you better get somebody with an iPhone to give you 10. Look for 500. Hell, Oh Shit dead. Hey. Mm. Okay. That was a good one, boy. You got my stomach hurting boy. Bad. Hey O Chop, tell your man spent all that money Got 30,000 in spaghetti.


Hell nah. Yeah, I mean, I mean now people wanting to have lobster and crab legs and, and and, and and and hold on and, and, and, you know, and rib shit come on. How, okay, how much is open bar now on Twitter? I see that all the time. Everybody say don't invite me to your wedding if you don't have open bar. It's open bar. Well, A wedding or, or a party or something. It should be open bar. Okay, Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. That, that, that, that's expensive ain't it? Yeah. Drinks are expensive. You know how much drinks cost, But I don't drink no alcohol uncle. I know About that. I mean, especially you got deep thrown ass friends. Alcohol, you got alcoholic ass friends. Yeah, it's expensive.


I mean, I know if I go, if I look, if I were to have something and my friend, if I invite my friends, I already know. I give you, if I, I had a, I had a, I had a a party one time and they asked, they asked me how many people was gonna be there. I say probably about a hundred. And they started calculating. They say a hundred people will be there. All of 'em drank. I say for the most part, I say probably 90 of 'em. He say on average they'll drink about how long is the party gonna be? I say we're gonna start, they start cooking probably around eight stuff will be ready by noon. People will start showing up by 1230 and it's going to go to probably 10 30.


Let's say if you get 90, if you get, let's just say you have a hundred people, 90 of, they'll drink at least four beers a piece. Okay? So you're gonna leave at least 360 beers. There's 12, there's 12 beers in a case. So what, What about the other, what about the hard liquor? Huh? That's what I'm saying. Yes. So I had Everybody Dr. Because, you know, at that point in time, mocho a lot of stuff. So I had like big bottles. So I got like four bottles of Belvedere, four bottles of Grey Goose, four bottles of Chopin. I had five Bo I, I'm getting, you know, a lot of stuff they ain't never had before.


Right. Obviously they no segra, they like Seagrams. But you know, I got some Bombay Sapphire, I got some Tanga Ray, I got all the topnotch stuff, right. I got the, the crowning different, this, I had all the, you know, at the time he, I had everything. Yeah. And I just told them, I said, look, whatever y'all, whatever is open, y'all take it with you. They like, for real? I said, bro, whatever you, whatever you guys have opened, y'all take it with you. Hey. So I spent probably $4,000 old on just on alcohol. The beer was a, was a gift. Right. But I spent about $4,000. Oh, that's not, that's not bad.


That's not bad. I mean, I'm, I'm for, for obviously for the setting in the, in the, the occasion. So I, if, if, if you have a, I brought so much of it. The guy gave me like a discount because I brought so much of it. Right. Right. So open bar at a wedding, it it ain't that expensive then Okay, folks out. Okay. It all depends on how many people you got. Don't you? I'm trying to figure out who thought this many people, I don't know, 500 people, you know, 500 people. I mean, I don't, I don't know 500 people. Immediate people that need to be at be at a a a goddamn wedding. Nah, Exactly. So if you don't know 500 people, I ain't feeding your ass. I ain't no homeless. I ain't no shelter.


Come one come all I'ma feel hell no. Y'all better give somebody a no no. Oh hell. Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking.


Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoke some over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed. There's No better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan.


No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


That's visit myrtle beach.com. Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel leases, work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com. $5,000. That's the average amount of money people in the US are now spending on gas in a year.


Five grand. That's crazy. If you drive, you have to download upside the free app that gives you cash back every time you get gas. That's right. You can earn real cash back with upside just by buying the gas. You're already buying. You can literally start earning cash back today. I use Upside every time I fill up and I've already made around two, $300. You're putting gas in your car anyway. Why not get real cash back? If you like free money, download upside. I'm Saving the cash iron from using upside to help pay for a vacation later this year. Download the free upside app now to earn cash back every time you buy gas. Use promo code save to get an extra 25 cents per gallon on your first tank. You can cash out any time, right?


Your bank, PayPal or a gift card for Amazon and other brands. Just download the free upside app and use promo code save for a 25 cents per gallon bonus on your first tank. That's code save for a 25 cents per gallon bonus. But that's a good one. But they man, people be doing too much ocho people be doing too much. Oh, that's a good one. Oh, you got another one? Check this out. A woman says she won't contribute to her partner's MO mortgage. Let's take a listen to this video. Now listen, we can definitely have a nice three bedroom house under just my income, but now out of both our incomes, we can get a eight bedroom house, four car garage.


Why? Why are we not elevating together? Well, I'm not saying that you're not going, you're gonna be paying for everything. When I say a two income household, I'm not bringing my income. If I, if I start dating a man and he's like, okay, we gonna get serious, we gonna make money together. My income prior to you has nothing to do with you. I'm not bringing it to the table. Now, Who's she? So what, so what, hold on, Ocho, what's she supposed to be bringing to the table? Her appetite. Shoot. Listen, there, there, there are men, there are men out here that have women that are thinking this way. There are men out here that are, that have women that are thinking this way.


I mean, there, I mean, and, and the funny thing about it is, is there will always be a guy that would be willing to do exactly what she's talking about. Yeah. And it messes it up for everyone else. Especially when you're trying to get serious and act and actually build with someone. There's a difference because everyone is not everyone there. There's a high percentage of women that are being spoiled and taken care of by men where they don't have to do anything. Yeah. Except look good. That's it. That's it. But, and, and, and, and all, all, all that stuff is temporary and when it doesn't work, they continue to chase, not chase. They continue to look and hope and fight in the next one that's going to do that. Now what he's talking about the Fells talking about as far as building and having someone shift.


Yeah. That's different O Joe Together. That's completely different. Yeah. If we Building, she on a whole nother page, Ocho if we nah, I get the point, like, okay, two people, if they're single, I, I'm assuming they didn't mention anything about kids. Three bedrooms for two for for a couple. It's plenty big. Why the hell you need a eight bedroom room? Right. Why you trying to floss? You see what he's saying? Okay. We can level up, level up for what? For who? Right. Right, right, right. It tore you. Right. Why you need eight bedroom with a four car garage? Right. I'm just trying to figure out what she said. Well, I ain't bringing nothing. So what you bringing ass in My huh? That's it. Well, what else? And I mean, no disrespect. What else are we bringing? Pay attention to what they advertising.


When you're trying to holler. Think about that. If we say we building together Ocho, if I go into a, you go into a relationship and you say, you know what baby I got, this ain't no building together. So when I leave, don't you be talking about, don't you be talking about, hey, I need this, I need this and this, this and this because we didn't do this together. Yeah. Now if we be, if we say, okay, hey baby, we gonna do this thing together. We gonna blah, blah, blah. Okay. I'm, man, please. I mean, you, you, I mean, you kind of already know though, unc you, you kind of, you kind of already know. You know? And the, the fellas, you know, you know what you're getting yourself up to, into, you know what you're signing up for based on who and what you're trying to haul at.


You know what comes with a territory. If you're looking, you know who you can be with and you know who you can't be with. You know who's a good time and fun time and you're not gonna be there for long. And you know who to take serious. itt it ain't, it ain't hard to spot, Man. Alright man. Come on man. She tri, she, she, she ain't tripping in, he tripping. Yeah. Why you need that big ass house? Ain't bad rules folk garage. Come on, man. Not for two people, Ocho. No, I mean I think I'm, I'm sure they, I'm sure they have kids. I'm sure they have kids, but Well, look, I mean, well how many kids you got?


Okay, four. If, if you got two kids, you a spare a, a, a, a, a a spare a spare bedroom. So your kid, each kid get a bedroom, somebody come. Okay, fine. I get it. Yeah, I get it. No eight bedrooms Shouldn't me, but we got, I got 50 11 kids, boy. Yeah. But e everybody, everybody don't come. If everybody, if everybody were to come, everybody can't stay here. Yeah. I'm not spending no $10 million on the damn house just so I can have everybody up under one roof when we come visit me. That ain't happening. Right. Because you don't come enough to make it worthwhile, worth Worthwhile. Yeah. Yeah. You, I, oh, you think I'm have about a 60,000 a month mortgage and y'all come once every four, every once every four years.


Man, please. As a matter of fact, hotel did a hotel right down the street, don't you? I pick you up in five minutes. Listen, And you got your, and you got your own space. I mean, when I live with my grandma Ocho, I never stayed home. Once I left my grandmother's home. Right, right. When I come back to visit, I got a hotel. Yeah. Because A lot of times I had my, I I wasn't married. I have my girlfriend with me. I ain't sleeping in the same room under my girlfriend, under my grandma room, Grandma house. Oh no. We paying, I'm paying the bills. That ain't happening. That was never gonna happen. Right. So I stay, Hey, no, You, you like me. I was content.


I was you, you remember, remember you remember where I was at? I was happy I had my little condo. I had my little 85 paint paint behind me. It and here this one. Go here. All right. Now this's enough of this, this enough of this little shit. Yeah. But I look, like I said, most of the time it's only gonna be my sister, my mom. Yeah. One of the kids will come, you know, Hey, we, we alternate one. Hey, it's my turn Christmas this year. I get 'em for Christmas. Mom got Thanksgiving. Everybody ain't gonna be here. My mom, my si they my mom, my sister, my kids.


Everybody ain't gonna be, everybody ain't gonna be here. Right. They gonna be in, they in and out. We got, I got plenty of room. Right. And besides hell, my mama gonna wanna stay. My mom come talking about coming with some of her friends coming to the casino. She'll like, you gonna stay with your son? No, I'm gonna stay at the casino. He might, he ain't gonna want to take me to the casino. Okay. She don't wanna talk about I take her to the casino. Yeah, I'll take you to the casino, but you ain't gonna give your mama. I Well, you come to the, you coming to Vegas. I thought you had something. Right. Who comes to Vegas with nothing? You come to Vegas with your friends, man.


Oh man. But man, he, they, Hey man, come on man. Come on people. They tripping. If I, I, so for me, man, I just, IIII understand women, I, I look, I understand you looking for Mr. Wright, but at some point in time, see the problem, what we're having here, Ocho, is that we have non-traditional women. Right. Wanna live a traditional life. Right. They want a life like their mom or their grandma. Well not these mom, because some of these mom was like, they had their kid at 15. And so the dog, you know, so the, they farted and they got a, you know, a, a a a a 23-year-old daughter. Yes sir. But I'm saying like grandma and great-grandma, traditional role.


A lot of times the father worked the, and and, and, and, and, and, and the wife. The mom stayed home. Home. She cooked, She cleaned. Y'all don't, you can't cook. You don't want to clean. I ain't no maid. I ain't no cook. You ain't no you ain't no damn party either. Now get the hell up outta here because you keep telling me, see what you difference keep telling me is what you not Yeah. But You keep telling me what, what I am. Mm. Something don't correlate. Something's not jiving. Yeah. You can't be non-traditional, but want a traditional life. Life. It's difficult. It's difficult.


And it, it is always been a tuck and pull. It's always been a tuck and pool. Oh, you ain't, oh, you can't do this. I need a a g wagon. I need this. I need a ap, I need a pad. A GI need a LLC, you lc. I got a homeboy named lc. That's the only lc I know. Yeah. And I damn put another L in front of it. You gotta, you, you gotta think the percentage of dudes that are buying the gwas and the aps is a very, it's a very, very small, it's a very small percentage of there. Right. And no power to them. I ain't got no problem with you bro at all. I'm never gonna hate on you. Yeah.


You got it. Like that take off. Take you out. I'm not gonna hate on the females that can get it. Women, I'm sorry. I don't wanna be disrespectful. Right. Women that can get it, get it. Yeah. But you gotta understand how, I don't know Who ain't gonna give it to you. Yeah. It messes up. It messes up because when, when some see that and think it's possible, well shit, that should be me too. So whoever I'm dating is gonna have to come hard. Just like that. But it ain't, it's not, it's not reality. Exactly. Social media and all this, all these bags and all this cards like this. It's, it's not, that's not reality. It's very difficult to maintain and live that lifestyle consistently.


It's, it's damn near impossible. When you, when you, when you think about it, like it's not real. The era we in is like, it's really, it's really, really, really messed up. It's really messed up. Everybody. Everybody looking like they got it. Anybody That can get it ocho if they can get it more power to you. But you have to realize there's only a very select few people that can see you trying to trick a guy that ain't got nothing to trick off Ocho. How you gonna trick, how you trying to trick a guy that make that's making 50 or 75, a hundred thousand? You can't trick him because he ain't got it Not with what you want. And the dudes Do making seven, eight figures to get that.


And the funny thing about it is the dudes that do have it, the small percentage of them, they get the pick from the whole goddamn little because everybody want what they got. So they getting any and everybody they want. So it, it leaves the hardworking nine to five guy out to pick up from the scraps. And I'm not, I'm not saying scrap like that in in the sense of the, the the scrap that's women out. 'cause everybody like That. Everybody says Ocho. Oh, I I can date a school teacher, I can date a bus driver. No you won't. Not when you, not when you've been in that environment, when you've been on the private planes, when you've blown first class, when you stayed at four, five star hotel, you ain't dating that.


Yeah. You ain't going backwards. That's you going backwards. So once you get it, once you get a taste of their lifestyle, it's a rap. And you gonna bounce. Because most of the time Ocho, the guy that you're talking about that you would date, which I know is lie, they can't get in places that you are. So how you gonna meet him? You ain't gonna get out that guy. Pull up that guy. See the difference between a guy and a guy? A, a a, a, a, a, a, a man and a female. Yeah. Ocho is that You'll see a fine woman at a bus stop guy see a fine woman at a bus stop. If she fine, he'll stop that car. Yeah. And get her number. A woman, a dude riding the bus.


I don't care how fine he is, she ain't stopping. That's beneath her. Yeah. You do your thing. I, Hey, I look Whole world. I I live in my little world. I got my own little bubble. I'm cool. Hey, you ain't gonna never get mad. You got too many kinks. You got too many issues. Well, you weren't a candidate, so why you worried about it? It's it's tough. It's tough. It is a crazy It is a, it is, it is a, it's not a crazy topic, but it just, I mean, a little delusion. Expectations are high.


Not realistic. But I, and I love, I want all, I want all, all women to to, to strive and want the best for them. I mean that, that, that's great. But at, at some point we have to be realistic and, and our expectations and, and what I'm not gonna say never Ocho Dr. Cut you off. I'm not gonna say never, but more times than not, you'll see a man will date and fall in love with a woman and any income. Yeah. It's a rarity. Very rare that you'll find a woman that's high value of a certain net worth. Fall in love with someone. It happened. It's happened. Yeah.


Yeah. That's, that's crazy. That's crazy. But there are more, there are more stories about pretty woman involving Richard Gere and Julia Roberts than vice versa. Yeah. But y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all got some unrealistic, y'all need to come down with some of these expectations and what y'all think because everybody, everybody ain't making NBA and NFL and MLB money. Sure. And if they do, and, and, but see here's the thing. Ocho and at they, I I, Hey, we play with guys, Hey, they, they, they got two or three paying for two or three apartments. Yeah. Two or three cars.


Yeah. And then when the money stop, and then when it gone and the girl gone, she gone too. Yeah. Why she wanna stay? You ain't got no money. You can't keep paying for that apartment. You can't keep paying for that condo. You can't keep paying for that house. Why she, why would she stay On to the next? It is a different game. It's a, it's a dirty game. It's a dirty game. But the game is the game. The game has always been the game. You understand? I mean, at that level you understand, you know why she's there. Because you know what Ocho the biggest, the biggest financial crisis is that people will spend money. They don't have to prove that they got it. Mm.


Think about it. Yeah. I, I say I've been preaching it for the past 20 plus years. Let's finish our strong vote. Yo. Last segment of the night is q and a. Hey boy, that the night was good. Boy, that goddamn laugh. Where you got my stomach hurting, bro? God damn TTA Rose said this show is very entertainment. The segment stories fellow Cinco, you guys are hilarious. Even though I know nothing about sports, I've always tuned in for the next live to see what happens next. Tta, thank you very much. Thank you. We really, really appreciate your sports. Love You, love you Currency.


Oh, yo. Salute y'all. When you going get Harris on Club Shehe? We need that. Who is Harris? Harris? Who? Oh, oh. Oh, Kamala. Oh, Ms. Harris, reach out to reach out to Ka look at you. Come on. Huh? Yeah, you know Miss, miss Cam is is how you say her name? Kamala, Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. Ain't no Kamala. It's like Kamala. Like Kamala. Yeah. Kamala, Kamala, KA Kamala. Reach Out, reach, reach out to Ms. Harris. There she'll come on here. Keith Mitchell said, can you tell my girlfriend who's watching? I'm ready for marriage.


Ready? What? What, what? Hold on, Keith. What you mean? Keith? Are you ready for marriage? You supposed to propose to her or you want her to Oh, well, hell, hold on. Gil Fi, Gille girlfriend proposed to him. So maybe I I No, Gil, Gil? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Gil proposed to his girlfriend. It was the French runner, the the steeple chaser. Right. That proposed to her boyfriend. Oh, I thought I saw a clip, but Gil, okay, okay. Okay. My bad. She gave him a ring. Right. But Gill had already proposed to her in front of the Eiffel Tower, right? Yeah. Gil, congratulations Gil. Congratulations Gil. Now you can't be talking crazy on here no more.


Yeah. Not no more. Boy Keith, what's the name? You shoulda put a name in there. Hey, if you date a guy named Keith Mitchell, he's ready for marriage. He told me in Ocho, he, he ready for marriage. Yeah. Make, make us stay. That DK would beat Tyre in a hundred meters. Who? You said dk? Yeah. Ooh, whoever, whoever get out first. And, we know who has the fastest start. So Tyreek will probably win. DK won't be too far behind though.


Yeah, I mean they, they used to, they used, oh, Joe, I know you, that was before your time, but they used to have the NFL's fastest man, so I Remember I just seen the clips. Yeah. Al Green, Charles Woods. I seen them boys running Rod, rod Woods. I Mean I, yeah. Rod Woods my boss. Yeah. Herschel Herschel Walker. Willie G Fa Tattoo said Brady could join the Bright Vikings and break the curse. I don't know about that. Y'all might need to go see me as Rudolph to get that curs off. Y'all the courage. He said. What's up y'all? I know football season is coming up. Want to give y'all a shout out to my love, bro. Dominique Hill, Liberty, Fame, Liberty Flames, cornerback.


Aquarius. Hey bro. Hey Dominique. Go put that work in, bro. Yes sir. The Liberty Flames. That's, that's a, that's a a Bible school, isn't it? Isn't that Jerry Falwell? I think that's Liberty. Yeah. Televangelist. See Televangelist has been coming on a long time. I remember Jerry, Jerry Falwell. Rex Humbard. They had Jimmy Swaggart swagger come. Jimmy Swag. Yeah, he come on. Oh, Jimmy, you know the, they Jimmy got got caught up one time. He said he came on to my, I've seen it.


Oh, Jimmy Jay Rock said, oh, what happening with it? What happened with you and Nicole? She said she put in her friend zone during the interview. Come on, don't go out like that. Hey, Riz King said hi Uncle Ocho. My name is William and I've been watching y'all since high school. I'm 19 certified Wild and firefighter. Firefighter here in California. You guys got, you guys have showed me how to be a better man. Much love re King. I appreciate that bro. I'm good. Salute. Re Yeah, bro. Hey, that's what we try to do. We try to give you personal stories, use our insight and you know, hopefully some, someone takes something from our stories that we've shared.


You talking about somebody that's 56 and 57 years of age. So there's a lot of experience between the two of us. Yeah. What Laney Ray said, great show fellas. Just need to send a shout out to our moderator crew. It's been here from the beginning and has dedicated likely hundreds of eyes to amazing chat to show Hey, the Mod Squad. Y'all guys have been unbelievable. Lainey Ray, you know, you always, we could always count on you. I think what's the, what's the doctor name? Dr. Frankie, you've always been in here. I mean, a lot of these guys. What's the other guy?


He always, I forget his name. Keith. Yeah, Keith is always in here. Nicki. Oh man, you guys have been unbelievable. Thank you guys. That's holding held us down from, from start, from the beginning of September all the way to now. Guys, we greatly, greatly appreciate it, appreciate it. We can't thank you guys enough for the support, the love that you've given us from start to finish. So thank you very much. That's everybody the mod squad, you guys do a great job of, of keeping traffic flowing. And OCHO and I and everybody, we, we greatly appreciate that. Appreciate it. That concludes our episode of Nightcap.


We wanna thank Rod Benjamin for stopping by the Olympic 400 meter hurdle champ, offering insights to his race. Talked about the 400 meters and how close they came to breaking the world record. Gave us some insight and said what makes us so unbelievable at what she does. Shouted this coach out. Quincy Watts, I think it's hurling coaches. Joanna Hayes. She won the Olympic Gold medal I think in 2008, 2004, 2008. But we want to congratulate all these, all these coaches because it's just not, I think most of these athletes have coaches ocho, so they don't get this far. They have support staff, family, friends, loved one coaches that's been there.


So we wanna make sure that we give them the kudos, although the athlete's the main one that gets the credit because they're on TV that's doing the activity. So thank you Rod gig. Best of luck. Congratulations and we'll see you down the road. Guys, this concludes our episode of Nightcap. Y'all know who I am. I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe, he's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire, the Bing a ring of Fame artery, the legendary, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. Y'all know him. Ochocinco, please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast, feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every podcast subscriber counts. And thank you for counting and holding us down.


Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Poitier. We have it in stock and we'll get it out to you shortly. So thank you again for that. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Sheshe Media and my clothing company spelled 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. So again, thank Rob Benjamin for stopping by. Over the course of the next few weeks, we're gonna have some of the Olympians that, that, that set world records, that won gold medals to stop by and thank you guys for supporting them. So I'm up Heath Ocho, we'll see you again on Saturday out The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy The fall season.


We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com. Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow.


Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com. This show is sponsored by Better Help. It's a simple truth no matter who you are, mental health challenges can affect you and how you manage them can make all the difference. That's why everyone should have access to mental health support that meets them where they are and helps you get through better. Help provide online therapy on your schedule. It's flexible, simple to use, and more affordable than in-person therapy. Connect with a licensed therapist selected just for you.


Learn more@betterhelp.com. That's better. HEL p.com. Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can. I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun. Sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.