
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms, and more@applecard.com.


Holiday Magic is in the air, and DS W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more, and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. Breaking the tackle touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Wasabi Technologies is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from those old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys. Wasabi is the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams around the world. From Wasabi's AI enabled intelligent media storage, wasabi Air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, wasabi is driving innovation in data storage, all for up to 80% less than those other guys. Try them out for free@wasabi.com.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA torque split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up. It's gone.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, Joe, the Falcon defeated the Giants 30 47 Michael Pennix Jr. Gets his first win. It's only the second time a Falcon's quarterback had led a team to a double digit win in his first NFL start since Matt Ryan did it in 2008. Pennix finished 18 or 27 for 2 0 2 and an interception that should have been caught hit. Kyle Pitt right in his hand. Kyle Pit threw it up in the air. So hey, yes, it was against, it was against the two and 13 Giants, but hey, it is what it is. It's Giants. It's giant giants now it's a start. It's a start. It's a start for the quarterback. A win like today. It builds confidence. It builds confidence. It's a good thing for the young fella. I know people on the outside looking in, oh, you beat the Giants.


It's nothing to hoop and holler about. But still it's a team win. It's a good start for Brother Pennix Jr. And his in his tenure as a as Atlanta Falcons quarterback. So wait, wait, who they got next? Huh? Who they got next? Do they have a test Commander? Sunday night? Oh, now, now, now you got a test. The Falcons had two pick sixes. Jesse Bates got one. Jesse Best the third, excuse me. And Edge rusher. Matthew Judon is the first time that the team has had two pick sixes in one game since 1983. All landed right in his lap, man. Yep. They ran the ball 38 times for Buck 28. They tried to take a lot of pressure off of, off of Ed Jr.


By running the football, but he made some great throws. Cow pits. Gotta make that catch. Yeah. It's, it's, it's really that simple. OCHO ain't no if say a bust about it. And that's the thing when you complain it, it's funny how this work Ocho Yeah. When you complain about the ball, the ball find you, then you drop it. It happens every time. All the time. It does because I, I see, I can sit here and be honest because it happened to me, it happened to me. I complain about the ball at halftime. I complain about the ball in the third quarter and Carson will throw that motherfucker to me. And guess what I do? Drop It, throw it back at it. Because I'm not focused. I'm not locked in. Yep.


You know, I'm not seeing the ball all the way in. Yep. I haven't touched it in a while. So I, I got some of a little attitude, you know, about me. And the one time I complained about the ball and it does come, I drop it and it happens every time. Every time. But in situations like this, the game only gets bigger. Oh yeah. You got a nice, you got a nice, you got a nice victory under your belt against a team you were supposed to beat. You got an opportunity to relax. I got an opportunity to exhale. But now, you know, the commander's got something to play for. Yeah. You have something to play for. They want to get, Hey look, they're already in the playoffs, but they want to try, Hey, hey, we wanna try to get a home game.


Oh yeah. Falcons, you have something to play for. You have a lead. You have a half game lead over the books in the NFC South win your division. You get at least one home game. At least one. So I like this. Both teams have something to play for. We're gonna find out a lot. We, we've seen Jay Daniel, we haven't seen a whole lot of Michael Pennix Jr. Ocho, but we've seen a lot of Jayden Daniels and he's been phenomenal the last couple of weeks. We're gonna see if he can continue this street. Oh yeah. Boy, boy. The giants are, ooh, the giants are good and terrible. Drew Lock. Lord have mercy. Hey, hey, listen, it look bad now, but I just want chat.


Y'all remember one thing, huh? Remember I said it first? This is breaking news. It's what you're gonna hear next year on every broadcast around the world. Sanders the neighbors for six. I'm gonna leave it at that. I'm gonna leave, I'm gonna leave it at that Sanders for six. The Raiders beat the Jags. 1914. Antonio Pierce asked about potentially losing out on the number one overall pick. Talk to Tom Esco, general manager for the franchise, getting a quarterback for the future of the top priority with the win. They fell from number two to number six.


Antonio Pierce tried to save his job. He like, Hey, what I care about, what y'all trying to do? Right? It's just like Lu You remember Lu Six with the Bears six? No, he was with Houston Texans The Best thing. He saved him because had he lost, had he lost, they would've got the number one pick. Oh. But because he won that game, they got the number two pick. He let Carolina, now a lot of people at Carolina wanted them to take CJ Stro. Right. David Temper like Bryce Young. Well, when the owner likes something, guess what you're gonna have. Yes, sir.


But so AP said, that ain't got nothing to do with me. I'm trying to win a game. I'm trying to show you that this team hasn't given up on me. Right. I'm trying to show you, we're still fighting, we're still playing hard. And I believe I'm the best guy for the coach for the job. Right. Brock Byers had 11 catches for 99 yards on 13 targets moved to number two all time. He's only the third tight end in NFL history to have a thousand receiving yards in his rookie season. Joining Mike Dicker, who I did it, who did it, I think in 65 in Kyle Pitt who did it a few years ago in 21. I think That's live.


But yeah, it's a, a situation where AP like, bro, we gonna play hard. Hey f that. I, Hey, why am I, hold on Ocho, why am I gonna try to leave somebody a situation so they can get a quarterback and be good? Right. Hell no. I want y'all, if if I'm gonna lose, I want y'all be bad just like it was when I got it. I ain't finna help nobody do nothing. Right. It's like when you go on a job on your they done fire. You talking a you gonna train. Huh? Do what you think his his his job is safe? Huh? What, what you think? No, I don't think that. No, I don't. Damn.


I don't like that. I don't like that. So as, as, as a coach, I understand. Okay, I see that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to win. I, as a matter of fact, I'm gonna try to win these last two games to make sure y'all, I'm trying to get y'all out the top 10 to be honest with you. Why? While you bulling, I'm trying to get you out the top 10 because I'm not finna make this bed better for you. Somebody else to come sleep in it. Right. And I'm gone. Yeah. Oh no, I, all right. Ocho The Rams defeated the jets 19 to nine. Garrett Wilson. Seems like he's done in New York. Wilson was asked why he wasn't more involved until late in the game.


I would love to be more involved. I would love to make an impact on the game, but if people see it differently, that's outta my control. Just try to do what I can do. Aaron Rogers on the jet. You gotta figure out what it means to be a professional. That's the most important part of building a culture. The last two weeks, we can really see who's on board moving forward and who's ready to get out. I saw that in the beginning when whoever showed up for mandatory Mecal that let me know was who's really on board. Yes Sir. And Who was ready to get out. Yes, sir. Hey, it's, I wanna know, hold on, if you don't mind me asking osha, who fumb that ball at the end of the game to make sure that the, the ram would would Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that was Mr. Rogers.


Please, sir. Yeah. That, that, that, that was him. That was him. I understand Garrett Wilson's frustrations. Honestly, you know, as a young, as a young player, a young player that had a stellar rookie season and things haven't been the same. Understanding your potential, understanding what you can do, understanding, wanting to contribute because the team is playing bad and you still not getting the opportunities that I, that you feel you deserve. You know, I, I, I get it. I get it. I, I hope they, they free him, free Garrett Wilson. Allow him to go somewhere else where he can flourish and he can be used to his full potential with great understanding on what he can do. Yeah. To you as here.


You know, I mean, he, he's, he's good. He's good. And, and he, he's not being showcased in that way. Well, it's gonna be hard because Devonte Adams has a relationship, a football relationship. Yeah. The personal relationship aside. Right. But he has a football relationship. They see things very, very similar because they got six, seven years of history in Green Bay. This is the offense. So there was no makeup. There is no catch up for those two. Right. And so Garrett Wilson is looking at like, hold on, 13 targets. I got seven last week. He had 15, 16 targets. I got this many. He's like, I see where it's going. As long as he's here, I'm gonna be second.


And I'm a number one. Right. I'm nobody's number two, I'm just, look that he didn't tell, I don't know Gary Wilson. I'm just telling you his mindset and how he thinks. Right. And I'm telling you from a guy that's won offensive, rookie of the year with, with lesser tier quarterbacks. He's like, well, what y'all want me to do? Because y'all think it is me. I'm telling you. Y y'all think it's me. I know what you're saying. Yeah. Because man, look at the, look at the connection he has with Devonte. Yeah. He has a connection with Devonte. 'cause he's played with Devonte for seven years. Yeah. In the same offense. So they know they're on the same wavelength. But it, it bothers me. You gotta figure out what it means to be professional. Is that before the season or during the season or after the season.


Okay. That's the important part of building culture. I thought the best part of building culture is COO. A lot of people can talk there. Only a few people can speak. Aaron, reach Aaron Rogers talks. He don't speak. And that's the problem. Yeah. Because the thing is with the great leaders, the one thing, as a leader, you can never ask more than you're willing to give. Yeah. You can't ask somebody to do something that you're not willing to do. See, Tom Brady couldn't ask people to be in mini camp and be in and be in mandatory mini camps to be in OTAs if he wasn't showing his ass up there. Right. Peyton Manning couldn't do that.


Ray Lewis couldn't do that. You can't do what you're not willing to do, but you ask others to do. So you do, as I say, don't do as I do. So now all of a sudden you are four and 11. Last year you were seven and nine. Now you want what's like to be professional. Professionalism doesn't start during the game. It starts long before the game is even played. Yep. Aaron Rogers hadn't been professional in a very long time. That's factual. Yeah. There's a reason why he's not no longer in Green Bay. There's a reason why they drafted a quarterback with the, with the, and traded up to Getty. That's not an accident.


Yeah. He knows that. No, he doesn't. It's somebody else's fault. It's always somebody else's fault. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, he never takes accountability, But, and he never will. Because the moment, the moment that you try to place, the moment you try to hold him accountable. Right. He'll make it. Who are you to talk to me? Because a lot of times he's not the only one. He's not the first. Right. Sometimes when you are great, you feel your beyond reproach. Right. So unless somebody else, so if that's the case players, like, unless you're Peyton Manning, how can you critique me? Unless you, unless you're Joe Montana, unless you are one of the historically great players, how do you get to critique me?


Because I'm so accomplished. Right. I'm not a critiquing your accomplishments. I'm critiquing your play currently. And you see a lot of times, Ocho, when you talk about a historically great player and people and their support staff thinks you're trying to discredit what they've done. Right. You did everything that you've accomplished, but we're talking about right now. Right. Because what you accomplish, so lemme ask you this, what is those four MP MVPs? What have they done for the jet this year? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. He did fast. That's, And the man, he already told you Ocho he told you that he felt his resume is such so great.


He shouldn't have to audition for a job next year on the Jet. That's what he told you. When everybody else always has to audition, you playing for your job. And based on, now had he had one of those seasons, like he has in Green Bay, who we'd argue, right. But he hasn't had, But Aaron hasn't played well this year. And it's okay to say that everything aside just, just stick to football. Let's just stick to on the field. Any jet fan, any of the Die Hard, the staunchest support of Aaron Rogers. Do you believe Aaron Rogers has played good football this year? It's a simple yes. Or simple.


No, I don't think they, I don't think they would disagree with you. Huh? They ain't, they ain't gonna disagree with you. The proof is in the pudding. The record is in the pudding. The things he's say, you know, on the Pat McAfee show and, and, and putting the blame on everybody else again today, saying things that he doesn't even do himself. Same story. Different book. Yeah. And look, and everybody knows I was, I, I was all the player on the field. I was been his biggest supporter.


Go back and check the tape. But I've also said, I was also the one that said he's very arrogant. He's smug, he's condescending, he's flippant, he's arrogant. I've said all those. This is not nothing new. Go back and check the tapes at CBS. I said it 14 years, 15 years ago. Right. This is nothing new, but that stuff. See, you can be all those things when you're playing at an MVP level, then when you're not, just acknowledge it, Tom. If Tom Tom realized his last year in Tampa, Tom didn't play great.


Tom had won seven Super Bowls. He had been a multiple time MVP. Right? He'd been a five time Super Bowl MVP for his last year in Tampa. Tom did not play well. It was okay to say that, that Peyton, his last year in Denver, Peyton didn't play well. Peyton didn't play well in the Super Bowl. They won. But go back and check the tape defense. That doesn't take away from the five times that he won the MVP. That doesn't take away from what he had done. He had thrown For more yards. He had more passing, more touchdowns, more yards, more comfort behind whatever else he had. He did that. But it's okay to say when a guy doesn't play well, he didn't play well.


We've gotta stop this notion because we like somebody and they say, well, he didn't play well. He didn't, he didn't. And it's okay. Right. But it's gonna be very interesting. The Jets got some very tough decisions because they thought, now you go back and look at it now, the defense gave up 19 points. That's not a ton of points. But this is not the same defense that Robert Solo was in charge of. You fired the C head coach who was your dc You demoted your OC and for what? Two more wins. How many wins did they have when they fired Robert Solo?


They had two. They, they they were two and three. Yeah. When they fired Coach Solo, they won two more games. You fired your head coach and you demoted the offensive coordinator. Nothing else has really changed. Nothing. He, he's just not the same player. Nah, he can, he, can he spin the ball occasionally that Oh, yeah. That reminds you of what he once was. Absolutely. Absolutely. Hell yeah. But he's not, he's not that consistent. This was the Jet six loss.


Despite holding a fourth quarter lead, which is League High. The Jets opened with a 99 yard touchdown drive. They didn't pun once and still manage only nine points. Let that sink in. Ocho Yeah. The Jets did not punt the football and score this many points. But go ahead. I wanna see y'all blame the defense because you, the defense ain't doing what they supposed to The defense. How you not pun the ball once Ocho not one point. Yeah. What's the, that that's gotta be a record or something.


What's the record for the fewest amount of punts, the, the fewest points ever scored in a, in a, in a game in which a team didn't play? Bam. Hey, I, you know, you know what's funny? What's up? When we think about it, we, we argue about it. We go back and forth about Aaron Rogers, he's still gonna be the quarterback next year. You know why? Because you, you, you, you think about the landscape of quarterbacks. You think about what's available in the draft. You think about what's available in free agency and you, and you understand the difficulties and, and, and what it takes to compete.


I mean, as a team in general. And, you know, you can't do it without a quarterback, even though the record is what it is this year for and whatever it may be. Do what you've always done. You'll get what you've always gotten. Yeah. And listen. And they've been getting that for the past 50, 60 years because they haven't been able to find a quarterback to be able to, to be consistent enough. And they still haven't, honestly, because you, you, you, you have someone that shows flashes of greatness, flashes of brilliance, and what he used to be. And you're holding on and hoping he can muster up just enough, you know, offensively for you to, to get, you know, a glimpse of what you saw when he was with Green Bay. And they're gonna hold on to that. And he's gonna hold him hostage in prison to the fact that, look at my resume.


This is what I've done in the past. And there's a chance, if by God means if I buy, buy in like I should, there's a chance I could look like that again. I just, look, he was, he was my favorite quarterback to watch, man, the way he could just spin the ball. And I I I was in the league, like I said, oh, I was in the league with Danny. Yeah. And I thought Danny was one of the most gifted throwers of the football. I'm talking about. Man, he could just flat out spin it. Yeah. Warren could, Warren Moon could flat out spin the ball. Seven, my quarterback could spin it. I played, I played, you know, I caught the tail end of Joe, Joe Montana.


Joe wasn't what he was in the eighties, but I, but I saw him have flashes. Right. I saw stood on the sideline and I watched Aaron Rogers in the Super Bowl against the, against the Steelers. He threw the ball, the ball as beautiful as well as anybody I have ever seen with my own two eyes. Yeah. I'm talking about Butte. And I was convinced that day. I said, and I remember going back and saying, I have never ever seen somebody throw the football like this man. And I'm talking about, and I stood on the sideline and watched Merino, I watched Montana, I watched Moon. I was on the field with John. I'm talking about great. A Peyton Brady.


I played against all of them with my two wives. I've never seen a guy throw the ball better than Eric Rogers. Yeah. I'm not ashamed to say that. He, boy, I'm talking about arm angles on the rolling left. Rolling right. I'm talking about with a flick of the wrist. Yeah. And the ball just, just springs out of his hand. He's just not that anymore. Yeah. And it's okay.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping point designation at this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With Breeze HubSpot's collection of AI tools, you can pinpoint the best leads possible, capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content, and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you, by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burke, That's sure of Kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Dolphins defeated the 49 ERs. 29 17. The nine ERs are eliminated from playoff contention. Dolphins fans paid for a plane to fly over the stadium, telling Jim Steven Ross to fire Jim Chris Greer. Mr. Ross, this is Greer's fault, please fix it. So I guess that's the new thing to higher planes to fly over the stadium with would've saved, you know, because the Giants did that. It only works if you have an open air stadium. If your team sucked and you got a dome, ain't nobody gonna see that. Can't nobody see that. What you think ocha, I mean, listen, we, we, we, we had off season, and I'm, I'm saying we, because I'm from Miami, for those of you in the chat, they're gonna say, oh, you played for the Bengals.


I'm from Miami, I'm from Liberty City, from Dade County. I was born at Jackson Memorial Hospital January 9th, 1968 at 3:08 AM Okay. So I have a love for my dolphins. Been watching them since Mark, since Mark Brothers, since Dan Marino tour went down tool going down with a concussion and missing four or five games. I don't remember exactly how many it was. It threw everything off. It threw the, the rhythm through the rhythm of the team, the offense, the chemistry, just, it threw everything off. So, you know, this season, it, it, it, it, it, it, it went to shit. It went to shit. Now, if we can get to, I mean, when to, it comes back next year is as he's finding his rhythm once again at the team, team next year, I think we'll be fine if we just have Yeah.


What's Tuas history? Was Tua hurt in college? Yeah. Has UA been hurt substantially a lot of times in the NFL? Unfortunately, yes. Okay. That's his mo. Okay. If you, if you, he limped into the league, remember his hip, you remember that, right? Yeah. Yeah. At Alabama. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That, that, that's right. Concussions injuries has been a part of tour's history. Right. But that's why I just said if we, if we could find a way, I don't know how, I don't know if we can wait to keep him upright for 17 week season, they gonna be all right. Because last year you see what he looked like, where he was healthy most of the season. Did you see what that offense looked like last year? Yes. Did, did you see the numbers he put up?


Did you see the numbers? Ty, he went to cold and then he went to the cold weather and looked like me played quarterback. You ain't had to bring that up though. I'm Just, I'm just saying. Oh. So at some point in time, the dolphins and hemp are gonna have to get over that, Right? Oh, the cold weather game. Listen, yes. The fact, the history historically, anytime the dolphins make it into the playoffs and have the play in cold weather, they all look the same every time. I don't know what it is about that. I don't know why it is always happened like that, but something is gonna have to change. I'm not sure when they're gonna go get over that hump, but they gotta get over it. So it's just, it's just hard for me to have confidence ocho that he's gonna stay healthy consistently.


Considering he got, you remember he had ankle injuries in college. He had that tight rope surgery. Many we don't know. That's true. That he had some other surgeries that didn't get reported. He had a hip dis dislocated his hip. He had that taken care of. He had the concussions issue. So the likelihood of him being healthy for a substantial period of time, it just doesn't bode well for the dolphins because we haven't seen him stay healthy for a substantial period of time. Earl Thomas Ocho woo, sad story. Earl Thomas's strange wife allegedly defrauded him out of millions, nearly $3 million worth of money and property according to court documents obtained by T-N-T-M-Z.


Nina Thomas began taking money from Earl as after she filed for divorce from him in 2020 with the assistance of a co-conspirator. She transferred assets out of the bank account and into her own account. He gonna get that back. Right. You know, Not if you ain't done Got it. I mean, the report says she bought boobs, she bought Birkin bags, she bought some other stuff. Oh. So you know, when you are frauded, what's the likelihood of you getting that amount back? You get paid, you get cents on the dollar. If somebody takes a hundred dollars, you get 30 cents. You if you get 40, oh Lord, thank you.


I got 40 cents more time than not. You get 10 20 cents on the dollar. Hey, that, that, that that hurt. Boy, that hurt that, that, that's someone, that's someone you love. That's someone you walk down the aisle with. That's someone that's supposed to be your best friend. That's someone that you trust. That's someone that in You remember now, there was a report that she caught him with another woman. Yeah. Right. Pulled a firearm on him. It out. Get down, boy. Hey, hey, you talking to somebody that know what it's like to have that stick to your head? Yeah. Yeah. But you, I I can't let know I'm scared, have mercy. She got this f on me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, like, You know, I was thinking now if I had saw those movies back then I, you know, snatched it from right quick, you know.


Yeah, yeah. Like Jackie Chan, like Jackie Chan in rush hour. You know, they had the gun pointed on it. He Or, Or remember remember in, remember in, was it, was it Blow? No, it wasn't Blow. No, it wasn't Blow. Was it? Was it Good fellas? Yeah, it was good Fells. Which was, remember she remember she point the gun at him? Yeah. Gun on him in the bed. Oh no, that's Harlem Knights. No, man. You talking about Harlem Knights, you talking about, you talking about Whitley and Whitley and all? Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and Yeah, I'm talking about, and you probably ain't see the movie, man. Did you, did you see Goodfellas? Yeah. Saw good fellas. You remember when he came, when he kept coming home late And I don't remember He woke him up and had the, had the, the, the six shoot at his head like, I'm sick, you doing me like this.


And, and he got mad. He flipped it on though. I gotta fight. I gotta go. I gotta, I hate that Ocho, I gotta deal with all this craziness out outside there And come home this Shit, Lord, man, I bro flee. I mean, Ocho people hurt you more. Now look, people crash out about their money, man. Hey man, listen, UNC, but listen, people love to save money. Everything. My thing is on Joe and I, I think, I think if I read this correct. Yeah. He started this after she called him and they were like reconciling to get back together. Oh. So she was trying to, okay, wait a minute. Hold on now. Okay. I think I read that.


Correct. Look at there. I think because I think she caught him and they like reconcile. Right? And so, So her true intentions weren't really to reconcile. She came back and wanted to get back together with ulterior motives. Yes. Ah, there's, there's always a plan. There's, there's, there's always, I, I hate that man. I, I, I hate that, but Earl like I said, I don't, I don't know Earl. I do. He good dude, good dude, man. Good dude, man. Good dude. Good. I mean, but I mean, go to jail and in order for him, so that means he had to file that paperwork. He had to put that paper on it.


So she go, she gotta go to jail for that or, Well, they, they, they, they, what you call them, they file charges. So we'll see where, where it goes. I the likelihood of her having what she took, not very good. Well, you can just take the assets based on what she's purchased. What gonna do with the Oh, excuse. What gonna do with those? You take them back. You, you go go back to the doctor, tell the doctor gimme them breasts that she put in and put them bitches in the freezer for your next check. No, he, he don't want them. And a birken bag, I, I need that. I need that back. Hey, Hey, I, I need that. I got, so I, I, you know what?


Lemme get that, that if it ain't, I take anything under 35. Oh shoot. I take you anything under 35. Yeah, man, people don't, y'all, y'all don't do that. Y'all don't do that. If y'all look, if y'all don't, if you don't want elcho, if you don't want me, just leave me be, say Shannon, I don't wanna be here no more. I'll break. Hey, I'll break. Hey, I break. I'll give you something to get on about your business. Don't take from me. Right? Yeah. But you gotta understand Unc, come on now, we gotta be realistic. You have to understand when you've been with someone that long, the chance you run into somebody that has that kind of money and then going to the pour into you like that is slimming an unc you're not getting yourself into a, excuse me, another situation like that.


You, I mean, that, that's, that's reality. And thinking you are just going to run into another millionaire who wants to wanna marry you. And you have access to that, that kind of money and those type of funds in that type of financial stabs, you know, having that type of financial stability, you're not That's why, that's why you understand that. And you have to take, I mean, I, I, I just can't do it. And women and, and, and, and the, the women that think they're, they're a little delusional that think because they look a certain way or I'm fine as hell. Yeah. Is I'm gonna always have a rich dude. Yeah. You you're gonna always have a rich dude. Yes. Yes. Because it's easy. You get crumbs to make sure you always come back, but it's never enough. It is never a substantial amount to where you're set.


It will, it will never ever be that. But it's always just enough to make sure you keep coming back. But $3 million is a lot of, is a lot of bread, man. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, what, What Actually that 6 million, because if, you know, if you got 3 million, you, you pay taxes on 6 million. That, That, exactly. So whenever you see somebody, whatever, somebody got, oh, they had to spend, they had to accumulate X to get the Y. And man, I, I just hate that. I hate that for, like I said, I don't know Earl, I empathize anybody, not just, not just professional athlete, anybody. Because every y'all guys know, I, y'all know how I feel. I hate any more soul. That prey on the weak.


Yeah. And I don't care if it's man, woman, child. And I don't, I don't like that. I detest it. I despise it. I was not, I I, I've never been raised like that. My grandmother, my grandfather, we, they made sure, Hey, I, I just can't, I can't in good conscience. I can't forget, you know? And lord, it's not my job to judge. It's not. And, and lord knows, boy, it's hard as hell for me to forgive somebody that's taking advantage of the weak in any situation. I hate it. I hate it. Especially if you take somebody's hard earned money. That man put his life on the line for years and you take, Nah man, I can't get down like that.


But guys, y'all say he shoulda had a prenup, even if he had a prenup. If you take something without somebody knowledge, what does a prenup gonna do? Right. A prenup protects your assets. What if she's prenup aint got to do with that. Lord have mercy. Lord. I just hope he, I just hope he can recover some of the assets and, and, and, and, and, and just move on with his life. Yeah, because I think they got kids together. Don't they have kids? I think they got a couple of kids together. Yep. I mean, they were married. I'm, I'm sure they do. They they were married for quite some time.


I'm sure they do. Have they have kids? Are they divorced now or are they still together? Ah, Hell no. What happened? What happened? They're not even divorced. They're estranged, Estranged, Living apart. Oh. So the divorce isn't final. I don't even ocho is is speculative of us to say the divorce was even in place. Right. Well, well maybe they might get back together. Shit, Boy, you still 3 million for me. Get back to what man, ain't no get back.


Hey, I don't know about y'all. Ain't no coming back from that. Not no three meal. Hey, I, oh. So I just, I'd just rather, I'd just rather give it to you than you take it from me. Give who? Give what? Who? I just, that's reserved, that's reserved for my family. But I'm saying, matter of fact, look, like I said, they, I mean, what have I got when it comes to my family, my immediate family, what we got. It ain't, and I always talk, when I talk to my brother, say, bro, we got this or we doing this, or my sister, same thing. But now don't take from me, man. Yeah. Don't take I'm, I'm anybody that know me.


No, I'm generous. I ain't got no problem. My staff, I think they're very happy with the bonuses they got. Right. Except Ash, I need to cut Ash back. Jordan. Jordan, Jordan, you okay with your bonus? Ash? You, you, you happy with your bonus Ash? You about, Hey, what, what, what, what, what? Where my bonus, where my bonus Boy, you like to make me think? You, you ain't no employee. You, what the hell you talking about? You If it worked for me.


What, what his bonus, man, this man tried to get over over me, y'all. Hell no, but I, I feel, I feel bad for him. So hopefully there's some better news coming out of this. He gets something, he gets money back or I just, you know, she returns it or something like that. Guys, I just, another day, another Twitter Debate. Ocho Yeah. The Steak on pasta. Who?


Steak On pasta. You know what? I think you can, I, when I think about pasta, I think about that there are different strands of pasta. Yeah. And I have no problem. I would have no problem. Like pasta, chicken and shrimp. You know, pasta would sink, steak chopped up. Yeah. I, I think, I think that that does go well, if I'm not mistaken. No chicken, angel hair, pasta, you know? Right. Not no steak. I guess. I guess people do, I've seen shrimp, you know, for the most part, like Right. I don't know. Every time we go out, I know somebody be wanting to order Steak.


No, you order, you try to order. Oh, I forgot. I can't Order shellfish. Oh. But I, I think, I think it's doable though. Huh? I, I think it's doable. I You heard me. I think, I think it's doable. When, when you, when you think about, You look at steak, I mean, pasta is already a heavy dish. You need something light to go on top of it. You need chicken. You need maybe a, a, a, a, a a, a shellfish, maybe like a shrimp or something like that. Lobster. You don't need something heavy on heavy. No. You thinking, you thinking of a steak a a whole, I'm talking about having a steak chopped up. No, it chopped up. No, I understand what you saying. Oh, they ain't putting no whole chicken on no pasta either.


They ain't putting no whole lobster tail on top of pasta. Right. Well, I think it, it is doable. That's, that's a good meal. It's a heavy meal. That's a, that's a Good meal. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean yeah, but it's still heavy because first of all, Alfredo is already heavy. The Alfredo sauce. Oh yeah. You got pasta is already heavy. And then you got steak on top of it. Yes sir. Yes. Yes sir. Hell, I'm sleeping halfway through the meal. I like that. I like that. I like that. See, eat, eating heavy like that. That's what I've been eating on. That's why I've been able to gain the size I've gained in such a short amount of time. Because I'm eating my carbs, my pastas, my noodles, bread. I, I got my carbs up. I mean, yeah. So, I mean, I, I'm not a pasta eater. I mean, not maybe couple of times in the last 5, 6, 7 years.


I don't, I don't eat pasta like that. I mean, I like it. I just don't, I just don't eat. Oh my God. Huh. I'm saying we, on the topic of pasta, have you been to New York? I mean you, obviously you've been to New York. Yes. But there's a place that I'm sure we have people in the chat that's from, that's from Harlem or people that live in New York. And I'm sure you've probably been to this place. There's a, there's a place called Ricardo Steakhouse. Okay. It's in Harlem. Every time I go to New York, because I've had to go there the past three week, three weekends of the row to rehearse. Obviously we had the Madden cast I did on Peacock. Yeah. This past Saturday for the Chief Texan game. Ricardo's Steakhouse, the pasta. I get there with the chicken and the chicken and shrimp pasta with the angel hair. Why'd you get steak? I added chicken and shrimp before I, I get the steak and eggs there too when I go some time.


Why did you get the steak? I pasta. What I'm asking you. 'cause it, it was already thick enough. 'cause I had the chicken and shrimp already. I didn't wanna add Thank You to it. Thank you. 'cause when I got the steak, I got the steak and eggs. Now you just brought to my attention that people get pasta with steak. I've never had that combination before, but it's one that I can try now. But again, hey, if chat, if you've been to Ricardo's in Harlem, you know, telling I sent you, get the Catholic on Leche, you know. Nah, I, It's so good. Yeah. I, I mean, look, like I said, I like, I like steak. Like I said, I haven't had pasta in a very, very long time. I had a, I'm trying to, carbon is carbon pasta Carbon.


Who? Carbon That. You say? Carbon. Oh. I ain't never heard that. What's that? It's a pasta. That's some fancy shit. Huh? With, with chicken. Man, look here. I ain't gonna say nothing 'cause because you gonna say man, oh, you need to go get her back. But boy. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't young lady. You talking about cook Right? I'm talking about cook Cook. I'm talking about she's like a chef cook. Okay, okay. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't want that. That poor, that poor child can just flat out cook. I'm talking about you name it. She'll go to, she can go to a restaurant and taste something.


Oh, I can make this. Oh, I, hey can I, can I tell you something? Yeah. Somebody been watching the show, right? Yeah. Hold on. Somebody watching the show. Lemme show you something. Hold on, hold on. What's that? Oh, that's that yellow cake. Yellow cake. You know, You know. Yeah. Little chef, little Chef made that for me.


Man. Little Chef boy, ID she Hooked that up for you. Lasan. Boy, Boy, I could imagine, I could imagine that. Criminal give get God Dogg Rel rel don't play that Rel don't play that thing just right. Nah, nah, nah. We wet. We ain't talking about Rel we ain't talking about Rel we wet. We ain't saying no names. All I'm saying is Rel don't play that thing ju Right. Nah, we, that ain't ain't Well, hey, I, first thing I do, I wake up Crima Crima day, I'm going straight to re I'm going straight to real ig because I wanna see what you got from kba after that got Ocho done, came through the clutch. Boy, I'm acting like I'm in church now. I got, got my finger up. Okay, Go ahead. Got Finger. I'm, I'm trying to, I'm trying.


Listen, there, there, there are things we, we still in therapy, we, we in counseling, like we we're, we're not together right now. You know, there, there, there are many, there are many steps that need to be had. Yeah. And, and, and many steps that need to be had and taken before they can be any type of reconciliation. So, I mean, just, I'm just throwing it out there so that The quicker way to get out therapy is buying gifts. Huh? The quick way to get outta therapy is to buy gifts. It's one, it's one thing about it. One thing you know about me, you know my cheap ass ain't never let, I don't never leave with no money. It's okay. I don't look at you no different.


You, I ain't gonna look at you. No d don't you? Hey, but while you bull driving. Yeah. The steak on top of the pasta, it does look good. Ocho but I, yeah, I told you I know it looks good, but I would just, I would just take the pasta as it is. Right, because it's already thick, huh? Yeah, man. You know how thick Alfredo is, bro? Yeah. That probably like three, that dish right there. Probably 3000 calories at least. Yeah, with the white sauce. Yes. Hold On. I that's gotta be, what's that dish at a Cheesecake Factory? They got a a, a, a dish that's like three 4,000 calories. A pasta dish. What kind of is it?


I like, is it Alfredo or they got a, they got a, yeah. Yes. 3,200 calories. OCHO Chicken Alfredo say Chicken Alfredo 30, 3200. Yes. Yes. What's the name of that? I wanna try that. Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken. Yeah. Oh yeah. Now throw steak on top of that. That's 4,000. Yeah. Done. Had I done had that before? Nah. Hell no. Hey, I, I don't you like, you like, what's the place you just called?


What's the name of it? Cheesecake Factory. You like Cheesecake Factory? I had, man, I hadn't been to, I probably hadn't been to a Cheesecake Factory in probably 20 plus years. Oh shit. I done did it again. Fuck. I done. I done, I done knocked my lights out again. Man. They got a pasta carbonara. That's 2 2200, almost 2300 calories. Boy, boy. My stomach Be raw. Be all man. What's that doing? Oh no, man. I, yeah. Y'all stomach. Y'all got some, you know, my, my ep, my Gator ep because she can get anything.


Rocks, batteries. I don't know what, yeah, I don't, I don't know what kind of stomach ash got. Ain't no ain't no woman I've ever met in my life got a stomach that can stand up like ash. Oh, I'll try it. We haven't had anything that was delivered to the table that Ash won't try. But you tried the mere fact that you tried. Lets me know. So the road with your stomach.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping Point designation. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With Breeze HubSpot's collection of AI tools, you can pinpoint the best leads possible, capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Demers, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki that Short of Casa Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. Guys. It is time for q and a. B three says Shannon Ocho. Love you guys. I always tune in, but next week might be the best week. I'll be there for the Nightcap Bowl. Broncos versus the Bengals. I don't care what's on Saturday Night Football that week. Y'all better leave with that game. That's a Saturday. That's a Saturday night game. And that might be, that might be That's the only, or the two games that, that Saturday We, we know who gonna win the game though. There's three games that Saturday where they fall at in the middle.


So what's the first game Gonna win the game though? Oh, chargers, Patriots. And hold on. And then the Ravens. The Ravens. Texans is the last game, right? Oh, Cardinals Ram. Oh, all. Let's go Broncos Bro. Go. Will go Home. Brian is say, what's up Uncle Ocho Go Lions. Shout out to the commanders. We need the lions to win the Vikings that lost to clench the first and division if we both win. Are you guys rocking with week 18 at Detroit? Gonna be exciting. Week 18 if it come down to it. Who you got?


You taking Detroit at home or you taking Minnesota on the road? I'm taking Minnesota on the road. Too many injuries on defense. It it'd be another game. It'd be another game. Like against the Bills. It's gonna be a shootout. 40. Yeah, it'd be another shootout. And Sir p said in honor my lines, what are you guys favorite? Three Barry Sanders moments and three Megatron moments. Barry versus Emmin on Thanksgiving. Megatron 3 29 versus triple coverage. Gotta make the list, man. Pick any game from Barry.


Barry. Barry. 'cause Barry really never had any like games where he didn't have a highlight. Right? Barry's career was a highlight. When have you ever seen Barry? They just tossed Barry the ball and he run the ball into the end zone. Barry done shook three people to get the ball into the end on a two yard run on a 20 yard run. He done shook damn near. Go back and look at that run he had against Tampa for one year. The whole Team, Man, he shook DD Brooks by four times. And John Lynch and Rogers say, I pray the Eagles win the Super Bowl and HBO do hard knocks on the Cowboys in the off season.


Nah, we don't see enough of the Cowboys, man. The Cowboys not interesting because it, because Jerry hauled the camera. You don't get to see the guy's personality. And I think they was just on there, they was just on there a couple years ago with Micah and Zeke and, and, and, and, and, and Dak, nah, go somewhere else, man. Doc Barn said, oh, did you play in the 1992 game? I did play Berlin Broncos versus the Dolphins. I was able to go with my RNU to got free tickets and also Ocho you, you know, it's bad when the Jets are gonna go after Kurt Cousins next year. Yes, I played in, they are, I played in game in Berlin.


Wasn't Berlin. I think I went to the zoo like five or six times. They had a big, had a big ass silver back in there. We just go watch him. But it wasn't nothing to do in Berlin. I mean, you know, they gave you specifics. You know, you can't be doing that, that, that, that salute. You can't do that. They would take you to jail. Yeah. And they would leave. They would throw away the key. Yeah. I love that about other countries. I love that they don't play like certain things they don't tolerate. I love it at all. At all. You know, going to Barcelona, I've been to Germany, you know, Japan, Australia. I love the fact that, be respectful of that country.


Don't be coming over here with that bull drive. Edwin Grace said, what's up Uncle Ocho? I plan on proposing to my girl next book. Just asking for you guys to shout her out. I truly appreciate it much love what the name is ever. Yeah. You ain't supposed to tell her. How you gonna tell her? You gonna let her know you're gonna propose. It's supposed to be a surprise. Oh, hey, you're not supposed to know this, but Edwin's gonna gonna pop the question. Yeah. Whatever your name is. Yeah. Make sure you say yeah too. You don't know, but she probably doesn't watch. But if you watch it, pretend you don't hear, but Right. That's what's gonna happen. Mar said, just found out. Hold on.


Wow. Lord have mercy. What happened? I, I, I ma said, just found out my girlfriends of four years been sleeping with a coworker of the job. I helped her get any advice. I'm hurt. I lost confidence trying to pick myself back up. Damn. Boy. Listen man, I play, play some Lenny Williams. No, don't play, no Lenny Williams. Play some Lenny Williams. Boy, you hear me? No, don't play no Lenny Williams. Let the tears fall as they make, don't hold back because I've been on, Hey, listen, I've been, listen to me young bull. I'm, I'm talking to you from experience.


I done been on both sides of the spectrum. You hear me? Okay. You know, I used to be the one with the coworker and I used to be the, on the other end of somebody with my, you know, I done been there, you know, back, back in my day. I, I done been there. I know how to feel. So you gotta think, you gotta think from experience. Huh? You hear me? You hear me? Young fella Know you. The only thing is, look here, karma. You just sometimes look, It's okay to cry. Don't tell me no. Wow. The cage bursting Four years.


Girlfriend of four years sleeping with a coworker. He helped her. Oh, why would you do me like this baby? He helped her get the job. Oh. And the way, and the way she Thank you young fella. By backing it up for him. What? Back door? Damn. I be, babe, I'm, I'm hurting for you baby. I'm hurting for you. I know how you feel, Bro. I all I can tell you bro, just take it one step at a time. One day at a time, bro. And look, I ain't look and people like, oh man. I love how people, it's only people that's never been in a relationship because if you can just move on and from a relationship, you weren't that invested.


Yeah. So, okay. If you're not that invested, it's easy to move on. Yeah. If you're not that invested in anything, it's easy to move on. Put some time in it, put some energy in it, put some effort in it. If you didn't care about that person, you probably should have moved on a long time ago. But if you put time with something, if you spend time with someone and you care about that person, and if that person doesn't wanna be with you now, it's easy If you do it, if you the one that wants to break up, it's very easy. But when the shoes on the other foot, boy, that thing hurt.


Boy, that thing, boy A because see, love, love is funny. See, love is worse than death because see, love is the only thing that keeps you alive. But you feel like you dead. Ugh. Come on Unc. That's what love, that's what love do. When you love something, when you invest it in it, man. Please. Yeah. When, when you like, it's like you hear people say, man, I lost my mom. You, because that's really the only unconditional love that you have is from a parent. And you lose that. But when you love someone, you love your partner, man. Love a woman. Woman love a man. And that man or that woman breaks your heart and they wanna leave and they want, man, please.


Right. Yeah. You gotta understand, you know, love comes with conditions. It comes with con, I'm going to love you based on the, On the condition that you don't hurt me, that you don't cheat on me, you provide for me. Yeah. Yeah. Support All that stuff. At any time those conditions change. You know, when you damn near you have to be perfect. You damn near have to be perfect. Whoever you met, whoever they fell in love with, you had to remain that same person the rest of your tenure, the rest of your life. Yeah. At any time that what they fell in love with happened to change. Yeah. Then things start to, yeah. Only family for me, only family. Your, your mom, your sister love. Because you can do the most, the most egregious act.


My sister gonna say, my brother wrong, but I still love him. My brother gonna say, my brother dead wrong. But I love him. My mom said, that's my baby. Wrong. Everybody else would jettison you. Disregard you. Mm. But that's tough, bro. I, I I feel for you, you there, there. Now, I don't know if you actually knew the coworker, but that's even, that's, that would make it even worse. Listen, it wouldn't matter whether you know the coworker or not, just the Fact that it would matter because Oh no, I'm not saying no. I'm saying like, you cool. You know what I'm saying? You, oh, we done gone out. We go to the movie together. We go to the game together. I done been to your house. You done been to my house. Right. Oh, that kind of, And you don, and come to find out you done been to my house when I wasn't At my house.


Ooh, that sound like a lifetime movie right there. Boy, that sound like an episode of Snapped. That's what it sound like. That's What's what it I ain't going to jail. I love my freedom too much. I love my kids. I love my family and I'm gonna need to see them. Yeah. But I'm gonna say, like my grandma used to say, boy, I ain't gonna wish good on them. I mean, I ain't gonna wish bad, but I ain't gonna wish good for 'em either. Yeah. But boy, that, that, that's, that's a bad way to live now. But Karma, it gonna be there sometime. It's like Amazon Prime. It'll get you, it'll get to you that same day, but sometimes it'll wait you out 3, 4, 5 years. And, and the funny thing about it all the time, karma might not hit you, but it hit the closest people to you.


Now Go get Somebody. Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes they'll miss you, but it hit the closest people to you. And that, that, that's funny. That, that, that's, that's funny. But, but yeah. But I have like, I ain't gonna say that's a story for another day. We'll, we'll get into that. We'll, we, we gonna save that for 25 ocho. Pat w said Uncle Ocho. I was asked, I asked y'all a question last December, I was gonna ask it again. How would y'all summarize your 2024 day one fans hashtag Oh, hashtag day one fan hashtag Sterling Joel. Great. My, My 2024 was phenomenal. Yes. It, it, it was phenomenal. I'm about from start to finish. It was a little rocky.


It was a little rocky. You know, my cinnamon, my cinnamon apple, she up and left me. Huh. That's okay. Yeah. But I'm, I'm gonna be all right. But outside of that, because I have so, so many other things going on, like, I, I was okay. I was, I was able to, to withstand, you know, that, that, that unfortunate chain of events that, that occurred maybe, maybe a month or two ago. And, and I'm, I'm talking about, I'm finishing this thing off strong too. Yeah. I'm finished Christmas in what, two days? Huh? We got two days. Two, three days. Three days. Yeah. Well, I mean, it, you on the East coast, it's two days. I mean, okay. Yeah. Wednesday I, listen, I got all the kids, all the kids in town, kids from college.


French Fry is here, you know, Kennedy, I'm, I'm gonna have everybody up on the one roof. It's unfortunate that I have to leave to go do inside the NFL Christmas Day. I leave Christmas evening, you know, I work on Thursday in Philly, but I come right back home. So I'll put this in the year off strong, man. I'm, I'm happy. I had two, my 2024 was really good. Now, I'm, I'm, I could be honest outside of that one, one little mishap, you know, a month ago outside of that, it's been a great year. Phenomenal. It's tough. Look, it, it, it's been a blessing. God has been truly, truly, truly has been good to me and my family. It's been better than I could even imagine. Even when I laid and I prayed and after leaving Fs one, even as I prayed and hoped it wasn't this good in my dream, it wasn't this, it wasn't this good that I prayed for.


Hmm. You know, sometime favor has favorites. Hmm. And all the good that came along with this and, and, and, and, and some of the other stuff that came along with it. You know, hey, I deal with, deal with the, had to deal with that Brett Farm lawsuit that was three quarters of a million dollars. A lot of other stuff that, that goes on that battles that I fight that don't nobody else know. But you know what? I wouldn't change a thing. God gave me these big shoulders for a reason. I can carry a lot stand up, don't make excuses and get the job done.


I have a great team around me. I wouldn't have it any other way. I, I, I feel like I'm very insulated now. I have people around me that I trust that they're gonna do what they're supposed to do, do their job. We are very close. We, we got the choice to be close. 'cause I spend more time with, with Jordan Ash. Hell, I'm about to adopt Jordan. Put that, put that on my income, my income tax. I gotta grow. I gotta grow. I got a young son. Hey man, I ain't know because people already asking if that's your dad. So, but you know what, Ocho it takes all of that. You can't, I mean, everybody just want all the good and they don't want anybody to come along with it.


But you gotta, it, it's gotta be bold. I mean, if if it, if it's sunshine, eventually it's gonna rain. Yeah. If it's rain, the sun's gonna eventually come out. Matter of fact. And I graciously accept that. See, I like that you just said that. See, it was raining. Right. So for one it was sunshine, you know, it was sunshine. And then, you know, it's, it's my fault. See, the rain came because of me. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I, I, you know, play, play as fuck up. You know, you know, you know, human error is inevitable. So Yes. Bomb. Fast forward, you know, I'm getting to work. Yeah. See, I'm, I'm getting to work, you know, because I, I can take accountability.


I'm not Aaron Rogers. I'm not Aaron Rogers. You gotta accept accountability. You gotta accept, Hey, look at, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna stand, I'm a soapbox. I'm, and I'm a sing with my boombox. You know, like in, in, what's the name of it was Spike Lee. Oh, do the right thing. Yeah. Do the right thing. I'm gonna have my boombox, boy, I'm going to get to work. You hear me? I can get to work. I ain't got no problem with that. I ain't got no problem with that. Even when I had the mishap in September. O Ocho. Yeah. Hey, what mishap? Huh? Hey, I don't remember. Tell me, tell me I'm, don't worry about it. You, you. Oh, You talking about a, you talking about, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.


I ain't forgotten. But you were getting it in. But the people, the people that supported Shannon was there. You know, e everybody had their opinions on what transpired. And, and people that wasn't in my corner wanted to see me go down. I know there are a lot of people hoping that ESPN let me go and whatever, you know, and, and sponsors and, and advertisers. But you know what, people that know Shannon, they stood, they stood 10 toes down. Yeah. And we gonna be back. We gonna be back even bigger and better. We were able to hire more people to get a, get more things done. And I'm, I'm, I'm so, so happy that everything, that, everything that transpired in 2024 ocho, I think that as a learning experience yes.


Is something that we can learn and grow from and be better than 25. So we thank you for that support. That's a good thing though. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, Hey guys, I hope all is well. When you guys were kids, what were some of the most popular toys during Christmas time? Which one does did you want? Man? Heman Speed Racer. I don't know if anybody in the chat even remember Speed Racer. Y'all remember Speed Racer? Yeah. I remember Speed Race. Yeah, we had the electro, we had a football game. GI Joe. No, GG I mean, I'm, I'm trying to think of the things when I Nintendo during my day, Atari Bert Centipede 10 yard fight on Nintendo.


Y'all too young man. Y'all too young for that. We had a handheld video game. We had a ha I had got a, my mom got me a handheld football game. I got a BB gun as a matter of fact, I got a BB gun. I still got it. For Real? Hell yeah. You remember the, remember the movie, the Christmas story? You gonna shoot that? I've Heard of it. I didn't watch it. Yeah. The little boy wanted the BB gun so bad and his parents kept telling him no because he was gonna shoot his eye out. Something like that. I forgot. Yeah. I, I got a BB gun and I used have birds hung up on my grandma clothesline. Yeah. Boy, you don't get them birds off my damn clothesline. Rats. I'll let them have it. Don't, Joe.


Hey, I go to the pack house. Yeah. Move some, move some clothes out the way. Right. And let 'em have It. Let 'em have it. Oh yeah. But I had a, my aunt in 72 brought me a smiley space piggy bank. Right. Ocho I had that, I had that piggy bank probably 38 years. It was on the floor. I should have just left it on the floor. But I ended up putting it on the shelf. My, it hit the floor and went into a thousand pieces. Oh, I'm very like stuff ocho.


I mean, I got stuff, I mean, I got clothes from when I was a kid. Like I got a pair of overalls. I got an old jacket that I took a picture in. Had to be like 71, 72. So I keep, I'm very sentimental. Like I keep stuff like that. My grandmother give me stuff. I got coins that my grandmother, I did something that my grandmother might have gave me a silver dollar. I still got it. So I hold stuff like that. My brother give me stuff. I still have it. My sister used to pay me to, to wash the dishes or to babysit my nephew. I still got those silver dollars. Right.


Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom-built T-Mobile private 5G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network's speed. Combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With Breeze HubSpot's collection of AI tools, you can pinpoint the best leads possible, capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


What's up everybody? I'm na Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race's. Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


I, I remember Christmas, I used to look forward to, 'cause like as the day progressed, all my cousins were gonna come because my ma my grandma had nine, nine kids and all them going to come over and then all my cousins gonna come over and we gonna be in the yard. We, we gonna, you know, play basketball or play football and then we gonna watch, you know, watch the games that come on, man. I used to Thanksgiving and Christmas, man, those were some great times. I hate that it ended all that ended. Like once my, you know, obviously we went away. You know, I, I'm grown and I'm off and you know, you're playing professional sports, you're not getting that together. And then once my grandmother passed, we don't get together like we once did. Yeah.


Every listen ever, ever, ever since Big Mama passed away on holidays have never been the same. No Thanksgiving had never been the same. You know, going, going to church consistently week in and week out, whether you wanted to go or not is never been the same. No. Having to sing the choir every Sunday, no matter what, whether you wanted to or not, it ain't been the same Christmas time. It's never been the same. Even though now I've already started my own tradition with my family and then it just, it just, unc, even, even with my kids and trying to do it the way my grandma did it, UNC, it's still not the same. Same, it's the same. It ain't the same because Even when, you know, I was, I was away and, and, and, and, and you know, obviously, you know, when you play in Ocho you ain't, you ain't coming home for no holidays.


No. And so, you know, I've just called home and all my uncles, hey, you know, getting on the phone and you telling everybody hi, you know, and so forth and so on and right. Asking when you coming back, you know, you mi you miss that, you miss that and you take that for granted when you a child because you think that it's always gonna be like this. I Get Yeah, But it ain't, it's not. It's not. It's not. And yeah, you do, you definitely, you definitely miss that. You miss that and you don't realize it then. 'cause you just take for granted, don't you? They, they, they, they were they every year because even after my grandfather passed, you know, it was still my grandmother and so, you know, until, you know, the big, the big big cousins, but for the most part they would still still come by at least until we got to, you know, even when I was in college, you know, I would come back for, you know, come back for the holidays and you know, my cousins would come over.


But that was, those were the good old days though, Joe. Those were the good old days. They, I'm talking about they was good man. They was good. Just everybody meeting up at my auntie house. Obviously my grandma, my grandma had two sisters, Mary and Aunt Vera. And when every, I'm about when everybody was here before everybody passed away, I lived for them days man. I lived, I lived for them day and just knowing I'm finna see all my cousins and everybody from there and the food is finna be on point. The food finna be on point every time. Damn. Trudy, Lawrence say she ocho since it's so close to Christmas, one of the one one thing it be food traditional or activity that you have to do because it's Christmas.


Well the only activity I like, I love Christmas music. But you know what, I hadn't heard a lot of, they don play Christmas music like they used to the ocho No, That's what I'm, see what I mean? You see what you just said. It's not the same. I go Everywhere you Got, I heard Noss music in the, I don't hear it on the radio. I don't see it on the tv. Nah, it's not the same. Nah. Ain't turn no station man. No Christmas. Hey, hey you got, you gotta initiated it. Huh? You gotta initiate it. Hey na, Nat King Cole, the Temptations Christmas Chris Brown's version of this Christmas. It, it's so many different artists, man. You got, you gotta initiated yourself.


I tell you what, I don't miss What Fruitcake, I don't know who invented fruitcake, but I need to put puts in them no fruitcake because I don't like red cherries. I don't like green cherry. Nah, hell no. Tripping. How you not on like fruitcake Easy and you know, I grew up, I grew up about 15 miles from Claxton, which is the fruitcake capital of the world, right? They produce more fruitcakes than any other place in the world. And my uncles worked there, three of them. And they And you. Man, you tripping man. You bringing up fruitcake. We just talked about family and tradition not being the same. I haven't had fruitcake I can do without that tradition. Hey, because of that tradition.


I ain't had fruitcake since then. Good. I ain't had fruitcake since Big Mama been gone. I ain't had it either. Ocho ain't Nobody, ain't nobody to cook it no More. It probably been 30. My grandma used to make it, my grandma used to make a a have it in a pan. This big ocho right For everybody. And you, yeah. And then she, she would put wine on it to keep it moist because bro, we eat fruitcake in February. My grandma have have A-A-A-A-A like a foot, like a tub this big. She would keep wine on it and then she'd keep a cloth over it and keep it in the dark.


So it to stay moist. Right Man. Hey will you bring back, you bring back memories man. Yeah, My grandma used to make chocolate cake. She make a jelly cake, she make a coconut cake. You know, obviously she go have sweet potato pies, right? Boy, I remember them jelly cakes. Lord have mercy. But the fruit cake, I was like, Lord, please let me get grown. Y'all need to eat some, y'all ain't gonna keep eating my cake. Y'all eat that fruit cake, Uhuh. I said, Lord, please, please let me get grown so I can say no to fruitcake. Nah, hell no, Aaron nor said, what's up unc and Ocho?


You guys gotta bring Nightcap to Cincinnati next summer. Woo. Hey, matter of fact, at the Aronoff, you think we could fill out the Aronoff? How many seats is it? Shoot about? I don't know, maybe 15,000. No, hell No. What you man. But this this me No, this me, this me and you. This me. We going back to Cincinnati. If I could, if I could fill out, if I could fill up Paul Brown with 60,000, I could fill up the A off with 15. Yeah, but the, the brown, the, the Bengals will play it that night. You fill that up. Alright, see you, you, you're underestimating me in, in, in my own city That mercy Josiah more say much love.


Unc. UNC and Ocho Cali, upcoming broadcast myself, 20 years old. Watch a show. Every night will be a blessing. If I were to, if you, if I were to show my knowledge, Okay, show your knowledge. I mean, Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme a calculus problem right now and solve it while we all here. Well unfortunately that's the end of the show. So we have to get back at a later date and time to solve that problem. We can solve it tomorrow because we on tomorrow. Thank you guys for watching another episode of Nightcap.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know who I am, I'm your favorite Elk Shannon Sharp, that guy's Liberty City Zone, bingo, ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. And what better way to celebrate the holidays than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you cannot find it any city or stay near you, order it. It will get it to you. We won't get it to you by the end of the year, but at the top of the year, we'll make sure you get it. Please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms.


That's Shehe Media and my clothing company. 84. We had our newest release with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. Shirts, sweats, as well as stocking stuffers such as beanies, cos, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. We had a glitch and there were some single orders of ca mugs that we had a glitch and so we had a delay. I apologize sincerely hate that it happened, but we hopefully we have that corrected and let us know. We should have those to you by the end of the week. But we're sorry for any inconvenience. They might have caused tickets for our Super Bowl show in New Orleans.


Our first Springs tour. Stop. They're on. Tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans, be their great guest lined up. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards, excuse me, best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote for us. The link is pinned at the chat pinned on our social pages and in our social bios. Cowboys defeated the Bucks 26, 24, but with the commanders coming from behind and beating the eagles today. That win by the commanders eliminated the Cowboys and the 49 ERs from playoff contention. The commanders, as I mentioned earlier, won the game.


Ja Jay Daniels 30 by the score of 36 33. Jay Daniels had five touchdowns as he comes from behind and wins against the Eagles. Jalen Hurst was knocked outta that game in the first quarter with a concussion. The Bingos keep their playoff hopes alive with a 24 6 win over the Browns Jamar Chase went over 1500 yards and he breaks his own franchise record in receiving yards miles. Gary got his a hundred sack before turning the age of 29. He was the fourth fastest in NFL. In NFL history. Jordan Bruce Smith. The bills came from behind and defeated the Patriots.


24 21 Lions double up the Bears. 34 17 Jamir Gibbs had 109 yards on the ground and a touchdown. Jerry Golf was 23 or 32, 3 3 6 3 touchdown, zero interception. And in that game he set a new career high for passing touchdowns. In a season with 33, the Vikings go on the road. Thanks to Sam Donald Clutch. This, he was 22 or 35, 2 46, 3 touchdowns, no turnover. Found Justin Jefferson late in the ball game as they win 27 24 to keep pace with a chance to get home field.


Throughout the playoffs, the Falcons defeated the Giants and Michael Pennix Jr's first star OCHO 34 to seven. The Raiders defeated the Jag 19 to 14 and moved from number, having the number two pick to number six. But Antonio Pierce says, that's not my problem. The Rams defeat. The Jets 19 to nine got a strangle hole on the NFC, on the NFC West because the Cardinals lost. The Jets lost, excuse me, the Cardinals lost and the 49 ERs lost and the Seahawks lost. So they got a like a two game lead right now. The Dolphins defeat the 49 ERs 29 17.


And that concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm UNC Heath Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night after Monday Night Football. Thanks for joining us guys. The Volume,


What's up everybody? Adnan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.