
This is an iHeart podcast When it's PCS Time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you. As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. Your dream getaway. Welcome In, Starts at the airport with Amex Platinum.


You get access to the Centurion Lounge where you can find space to send off that last work email. Fill up on premium dining, and finally relax for up to three hours before takeoff. You might even wish your layover could last just a little longer. Flight To Mexico, now boarding. Oh, That's me. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply for more information, visit american express.com/with amex, The NC nightly News, legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you backing. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now.


We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards in Nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report, The volume Dr.


Frankie l Bellamy said, Hey Fab Ocho. How? You bet people you already owe money to where they do that at Doc. That's what I wanna know. Hold on Doc. My bet. My bet was, Joe, you trying To bet me How We trying to throw me in now? No, I'm just saying. I'm saying you at the table. Hey, you at the GA table? You we rolling dice and lemme borrow 500 and you want, hold on. You wanna be borrow 500 for me and then bet me you'll fade me. Yeah, yeah. Hold on. Let me, can I ask you something? Can I ask you something? And the people in the chat, y'all ever saw the movie The Gambler? Yes. Didn't he go back and ask the shark for more money after losing money already? I ain't, I You can't go to the bank bar money, don't pay them back.


And they say, You know what, I'm gonna pay you back with this next loan you give me. Yeah, you that. That's why you gotta go to a different bank, a different location. I'm gonna put the word out on you. I got don't ban Ocho Triple XI sanity. O-K-C-N-P-C will Ocho pay UNC. We'll see wolves in five. He said wolves in five. Wolves in five. Damn Ocho. Brody Bird said WCF Ochocinco Pinko dega your ex wolves and fives finals.


It don't matter. Amans Spiderman mission of man wolves and six kill move said top five N-B-J-N-B-A jerseys past or present. But Jordan would be number one, obviously. Right? I don't think they, they're talking about numbers. I think they're talking about like, like jerseys like the old school. Yeah. I like the old nuggets. Jerseys my name. I go old nuggets. Gotta go old Phoenix. The Black Jerseys old sons.


Yeah, sons. The old black ritual jersey. It's like 2000. Yeah. I like the Miami Heat. I like the old the the Ice. Yeah. Vice. Yeah. Yeah. The Miami Vice, Jersey City. That nice. What else? I know Old 76 ERs. Yeah. Ain't nobody mention the Celtics or the Lakers. Man. Them they jerseys been playing. They ain't got nothing but they got, they got, I like the the, if you wanna do the purple, I like the purple Laker jerseys. The city editions. They need to, You know what they need to do?


They need to have like, like the NFL be having throwbacks Ocho. Yeah. The NBA need to have throwback jerseys have a throwback. Well they went. Yeah. Yeah. Where the Old Jerseys? Yeah. That'll be hard. I like the nets. The nets, old jerseys with the stars on the side with the Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh, Joe, Joe, you remember y'all had what you call them, y'all had y'all nicknames that had the nicknames on the back of the jersey at one time? Nickname game. We played against the heat that time. Yeah, I remember that. I remember that. The NFL need to do that. Put nicknames. Yeah. They hadn't done that since they sold a lot of jerseys. Yeah. Sheldon Pope says, was that a dirty foul on Kaitlyn Clark? Dead on Angel Reese?


No, no. I just, that was the tag file. Uhuh. What you do? You know Angel Reese doesn't shoot free throws. Well, nothing cheap. I'm gonna foul her. You want those two points? Go to the free throw line and make it. Yeah. Nothing that, I mean, hey. Yeah. I thought, I thought it was a good hard just a just a good hard good hard ass file. Yeah. Good hard file man. We can't look guys, we can't make a big deal outta everything that happens between when these two teams get together. We can't, if, if, if, if Angel Reese filed her, it can't be Oh, she did that. 'cause she don't like her. If Caitlyn filed her, she did that. 'cause she Come on man. We come on now. It was a hard foul. Yeah, it was a good hard foul too.


Yes. And, and Angel got up and reacted the way she did. Like, what's wrong with you? Okay. Gave Caitlyn a, a flagrant one Angel. And, and, and, and Aaliyah, Boston got text. We keep it moving. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it, it is not that big of a deal. It is good for I don't care. I yeah, I don't care what happens. Y'all not gonna make, I don't have to choose one or the other. I can like 'em both. Yeah. And I think people are trying to make you choose one. Well, if you like Kaitlyn, you gotta hate Angel Reese. If you like Angel, you gotta hate Kaitlyn. Nope, I don't. Yep. Yeah. Ade Smith said, I promise you nobody is worried about the cowgirls.


Same team that had the M talent two years ago with nine Pro bowlers and got smacked by the Packers. True. Kemper know Wood Jr. Said Unc, my question start Bench Cut. John Elway, Peyton Manning Tom Brady. Mm. I'm starting Elway because I ain't win nothing with them other two guys. Peyton played for the Broncos. I will bench him. Sorry Tom. You get you Tom. Gotta go, gotta go. I'm loyal to the soul. I pick the bro pick Broncos. I don't know. I don't know what y'all thought I was gonna do with seven. Y'all thought I was gonna bitch. Bitch, I'm gonna cut it.


No, Casey. Taylor say if You know Ball, if You know Ball, this is a good one. Start Bench Cut. Ricky Williams. Clinton Porters a c CJ 2K Ocho. Who you got? Ricky Williams. Clint Porters, CJ 2K. I'm starting, I'm starting CJ 2K. Okay. I am a, I'm a, I'm a bench. I'm a bench. I'm a bench Clinton and I'm a, I'm a I'm gonna cut Rick. Okay.


What you gonna do, Joe? Say it again. Who was CJ 2K? I don't even know who that is. Chris Johnson. Oh, play with Tennessee? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I do know who that is. Yeah. Yeah. That boy, he was a bad boy. Yeah, for sure. So you could start Ricky Wig Bench Cut. Ricky Wig. What you gonna do with Ricky man? Yeah, I'm gonna go with, I'm going with Chris Johnson. Start Chris, I'm going, I got Ricky coming off the bench and I got the, I got the cut.


Clin Porters man. Clin, porters bad boy, man. Yeah, I played with Porte for two years. Yeah. Playing Porter is a bad boy. That's that's a tough one. Kayvon Davis said what's good and Ocho currently deployed in the Mid East. What's y'all favorite sitcoms of all time? Oh, That's Sanford the Sun. Sanford the Sun Good Times. Good Times two and a Half Men Golden Girls. Wait, which, which one? Hey, which which two and a half men were Charlie Sheen? Yep. Oh, okay. Yep. Because remember what's the name took over?


Ashley Kucher? Yeah. Y them y'all favorite sitcoms? Yep. Yeah. Good Times. And Sammy son. Good times two and a half Men Golden Girls. And I'm going Martin. Yeah, Martin Fresh Prince. And I'll probably go Jamie, Jamie Fox, Fox. Big Mike said TV show Gladiators. Who will win between y'all? Mm. Y'all remember the gladiators used to come on Saturday?


Yeah. Yeah. I remember Gladiators. Yeah, I remember that. I remember that gladiators. That was, I watched the whole little backstory behind that too. Yeah. On on on the stuff they had to go through. Yep. Oh man, I'm, I dust Ocho in some gladiator stuff. Ain't no, I know. I dust him in some gladiator. That man ain't man. Please. Hey Unc. Hey Unc. You laughing a little bit too loud? Hey, can I ask you a question? Yeah. How Joe gonna beat me in anything competitive when it comes to gladiator sports, right? Yeah. And he can at his own sport. Joe said he a gladiator. Hey listen, this is Spark Football, football.


That's a football, that's a gladiator sport. Yes. Basketball. That's not a gladiator sport. I agree. It's not a gladiator sport, but it don't matter. I'm I'm but Joe, he a gladiator though. He not, he not. If it was a gladiator, he would've play me one-on-one by now. Joe. You gonna have to just, You know, you gonna have to dust the Nikes off and put it on him, Joe. Timing is everything. Unc. I ain't even got dust these things out. They ready? Yeah. I ain't Joe say hey Joe. Say the season about to start. So he ready. Listen. Alright. It sound good. So think about this. How about this? Huh? Joe? You play, you play the two, Right? Nah, I play whatever you need me to play.


What's up? So I'm saying if me and you was out, let's say we was at the heat, right? Yeah. Hypothetically speaking. And it came down to me and you on the heat, wanting to heat Yeah. Play. Who you think they gonna Cut? They cutting the shit outta you. You gone, you gone. I go talk Topo and, and and, and Mickey and them. They cutting you right off. Do it. Ain't even a thought. You, Hey, Think about this. Hey Joe, think about this Joe. How Pat Riley gonna cut me? He know I'm gonna give him 28 off the bench every night. He ain't going. He ain't, he ain't dealing with that foolishness. You bring your Ocho. He not, pat ain't dealing with, he ain't dealing. Look they got, they got pre-practice practice.


They got something before the pre-practice I played in that. I'm gonna be eight. I'm gonna be at all of 'em. I love, listen, I have, I have a passion for the game at any game I'm playing. So I'm gonna be at practice. I'm gonna be the first one in, last one out. That's how I approach the game. Now I'm gonna have a little fun while the game going on. Nah, you can't have no fun down there. Ain't gonna be no fun. What you mean you gonna have some fun while the game going on? Like when I play the game, I play like Jason Williams. I'm passing the ball off my elbow on Nick Gelso cornbread. Maxwell equals MVP.


Yes. The number 12 pick outta UNC Charlotte 1981 finals. MVP when they beat the, they beat the Houston Rockets for the two. Danny Littlejohn. Unc Stephen a Spike Lee are losing their mind. They are, they are. They are. They are. I know spike's Sick Stephen. A sick spike. Just sicker. Hey, I, I I I hope, I hope that they can do something. I'm not sure what they can do. Many. They gotta get Game three is an absolute must, Joe.


Yeah. Strange Game three is an absolute must When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. Ryan Reynolds here from T-Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying.


It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee default terms@mintmobile.com. Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account.


Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future Health weight Loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Gold Standard says Jordan is the goat and Unc knows it.


Jordan, the only goat. Jordan didn't have to say he was the goat, it was just a fact. But Nongo LeBron and his Smith Sims say LeBron is the goat. I mean, first of all, people declared Jordan the goat when he had no rings. Go back and look at when they looked at Sports Illustrated, when they said LeBron, this is the greatest basketball player ever. He had no rings. He had never even been to an NBA finals. So what made him the goat Fo? A play Aura Mannerisms. The way he carried himself. He had no championships. I thought you said you can be great without winning championships, but in order to be the great test, EST on the end of great, you needed to have championships.


He had none. So tell me, when they put that on Sports Illustrated, what made him the goat over Kareem. Right? What made him the goat over magic Who at the time had five championships fi and had three finals MVPs along with three regular season MVPs along with mi. Oh, Larry Bird who in 84, 85, 86. He's the last guy to win three consecutive MVPs who had two finals MVPs. What made Michael Jordan at the time when they said he was the goat? The goat over a guy that has six rings, six MVPs, two finals MVPs.


He was a four time scoring champ. A six time rebound. The rebound champ block shot champ. And I guess what Ocho, he had been the 19 all star games, right? He was 11 time all defensive player. A 50 what? 15 time all NBA selection. So I'm just trying to figure out how did we come to that conclusion, Right? I I I You cannot, you can say you if you wanna say Jordan now, but they declared him to go when he didn't have any championships. So once you declare somebody something, how do you take it away from 'em? Even Ocho, even if I'm a doctor, you take my medical license, I might not be able to practice, but I'm still a doctor.


You take my law license, I might not be able to practice, but I'm still a lawyer. You bestowed the title upon him and he didn't have anything to back it up. So how do you take that away from him now that he has what he has Ocho you can't Told you it's a this and this A never ending discussion. He is not, Will never end Appreciate that gold standard Ron to goat. JJ said, why don't the star players guard each other? They used to, but now not, not always.


Jordan sometimes took it upon himself. But if you go back and look, a lot of times Scotty guarded the opposing team best player. Especially if it was a wing point guard, shooting guard. Small forward. Kobe would like that a challenge sometimes. But you wanted to save that guy for the offensive end. You didn't want him spending all his energy trying to defend. Right. You go back, You know, magic Johnson wasn't guarding Michael Jordan. He wasn't your garden. Clyde Drexler. You try to give him somebody that that's not gonna cause him to exert a lot. It's just the way it is. Deante Carlock.


So it's okay for Caleb, but not Purdy to have a cast, bro. Did you listen to what we say last night? Did you listen? They have a what? I said let's not, let's not do that because everybody have star players. All I said is that I don't see a situation where he elevates. I'm not taking anything away from Purdy. Purdy just earned everything that he's getting. But see, you don't listen. And you, I I appreciate the question Desante, but listen, listen. Yeah, it's okay for him to have, but did anybody say Caleb was a top 10 quarterback?


Hmm. Okay. You checking. Kim Bernard, we junior. My core question, who would you take and a rap battle? Lil Wayne or Drake for 5,200 from Ocho? Wayne. Wayne? What can I ask? Was that even a question? Who asked? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if I'm taking anybody. I Wayne Prime Wayne. I don't know if I'm taking anybody. I don't. When that boy got, when he Was, it'd been some great one. You talk about, you talk about Nas, you talk about m you talk about hov.


Yeah. I mean lyricists. And you wanna say lyricists? KR Ks One Big Daddy Kane. I'm take me baby Pac Biggie. It's a matter of preference. Matter of choice. I, like I said, I'm a little older than you guys. So I remember listening to KS one. I remember listening to Big Daddy Kane. It all depends. But Ocho would owe be 10,400 if he took Drake. And I like Drake, Nick Morris.


This money thing has gotta be, gotta be out by now. Even if Ocho had Bezos money, he wouldn't pay. Yeah. Yeah. You, you right. I I I I'm starting to get, I'm starting to get the feeling. Whatever. O you ain't gonna run me my money man. Man, You know this is me man. You know how black folk here, we, we don't do nothing on time. I'm gonna get it to you. I'm I'm, I'm definitely gonna get it to you. Oh, okay. Yeah. Ain't no problem. Ain't no issue. I might have to send, You know who over there to collect my money. Who? So when she come, when she come over there to brag, to drop them, drop them jerseys off? Yeah. Exchange jerseys 5,200 in my pocket.


Can we do that? He was swap Ain't no swindle. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta check, I gotta check with the Mrs. Make sure it's okay because No, you told me yesterday to send it to, You know who she would bring you to drop the jerseys off. All I'm saying is can I get my 5,900? All right baby. I gotta check with the Mrs. Make sure. 'cause because You know it's a, it is a, it is a, a new sheriff in town, man. So Man, don't be like that. I'm, I'm, I'm just telling you, it's a new sheriff in town so things ain't what it used to be. Some of the things we used to be able to do, we really can't do no more. So I gotta make sure Ocho Yeah, Okay, I get it.


Okay, no problem. I want no, bro, I get it. I don't want no problem. Yeah, I just, I shit, I don't want no problems either. Want No problem. So I don't know what he gonna do. Jordan, lemme get those right there. Lemme think over there. Lemme yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Hey, hey city my jerseys, man. No, I'm still trying to, I'm still trying to understand how did you get my, how you got my damn jersey anyway?


Is that the patch y'all be having? Yeah, that's the high Tide patch, man. Miami Beach, man. Miami Beach Senior High. Yeah, I'm saying how do you, how do you even order that? This, this, this late in the game. Tell what seat? There you go. I'm, I'm just curious. Red with the red, but this white one who, Hey, I ain't, I ain't seen that in years, bro. And if you don't gimme my 5,900, you won't see it again. Hey, how you got that? I'm, I'm, I'm gonna go by to school. I'm gonna go by to school. Oh, tomorrow, Saturday though. Yep. And guess what? It's the weekend late or a Memorial Day weekend. They ain't got nothing for you.


Hey, it is Memorial Weekend on. Yeah. Well what you going do? You finna cook? Man, look here. I, I went and got me a haircut today. I'm finna lay back. Okay, Tomorrow I'm gonna go work out. Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. Who gets the haircut and goes and lay back? Most of the time you get your haircut, You know you wanna be seen. That's the point of getting the haircut. I Might go get it colored. Man, look at that. All that gray Ocho damn. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go. There you go. Don't worry about it. I'm getting ready to go out right now. Go out where Me and me in the midst of, we finna go to Booby Trap. Oh yeah, I heard. I I listen, I I area 29, it, it left such a, such a impression, such a positive impact on my life.


I wanna see what the fussy is about Booby Trap. So I wanna see the comparison between Area 29 and Houston and Booby Trap on the river that I hear so many stories about. So I, I check back in with you and let You know, let You know Sunday, June, June said Better punchlines Wayne or Luter. Ah, they so different. Completely different. Very good punchlines though. A them boy, them boys word played man. They on some other they on some. Yeah Man they used to be, man, Luda had a stretch there, man. If Luda jumped on the feature, You know it was gonna be hooked. What time it was Pj, PJ P 11.


Who's the most underweighted, underrated, wide receiver, tight end from your eras. Might not have been Pro Bowls all pro, but they were forced on the field. I grew up in the Ocho era, so I say Santa Moss and Dallas Clark in my era. Shit, man, that's so long ago that night. Damn. Y'all do realize I ain't played in two decades, right? Who was underrated?


I played with, You know, I wouldn't say he is underrated, but I just think the thing is, is that, You know, he was kind of in the same era that I was in. He was a year younger than me. Ben, Ben Cols and his teams didn't win. Like my teams won. Now he did win. He came, he, we both went to Baltimore in 2000 and it was great playing with him. 'cause like I said, I took him on his first, his a, his a visit to Savannah State. So it was great to, and we made so many pro bowls together. Ocho, I mean, and the a c when when I was in my prime and he was in his prime. You wasn't going to the Pro Bowl if your name wasn't Sharper Coach, you were not going.


Right. So why receiver? Who, why receiver Jimmy Smith, George Jimmy with that boy. Man, That mofo was bad. Well, he was that boy Man, that joker man, that joke, that speed out that joker fall off the table. Ocho J Smooth was bad. Boy Mark Bru that Hey Bruell put that thing right on the button every time, Man with him. And Keenan, That boy was nasty boy And they had fabulous Freddie Taylor. Yeah, I used to study. I I used to study J Ooey, But all the boys, Keenan McCardell could run routes too.


Now people sleep on Keenan. Yeah. Yeah. Keenan was nice. Oh, That boy stop. Or a dive. But Jimmy with that speed out in that end, Yeah, I used to study OJ Smooth Boy. I love Jimmy Fan said Unc and Ocho. How many games will the Cowboys win this year in Ocho? Can you sing the national anthem for the chat Ocho? How many games will the Cowboys win? Hey, listen, honestly, I like the Cowboys Thir 13, game 13.


I like that. How many? 13. Oh Lord. 13. 13. You know, I, and I I I can say that I say that I, I I really think so. And I'm, I'm just, I'm just basing everything from a offensive perspective. That's it. You know, I'm, I'm not sure what the defense gonna do, but I can tell you what that goddamn damn offense gonna do. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm standing on that. You know, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not a I'm not even a Cowboys fan, You know, I'm just understanding what that Prescott has at his disposal.


That's all I know. The volume. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. Your dream getaway. Welcome In Starts at the airport with Amex Platinum.


You get access to the Centurion lounge where you can find space to send off that last work email, fill up on premium dining, and finally relax for up to three hours before takeoff. You might even wish your layover could last just a little longer. Flight To Mexico, now boarding, Oh, that's me. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply for more information, visit american express.com/with amex. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled, wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh.


There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth.


So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. This is an iHeart podcast.