
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. No one can stop you, For more. check out Bose dot com.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a, it's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything, brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges. You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name ly. Is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order Nice cold ly, you hear. Can I get a highlight? Highlight the best beer you probably can't pronounce. The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get hundred and 50 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ojo Yo. Another day, another Twitter relationship debate Should couples shower together. A woman started this debate. I'm writing unpopular opinion GTFO so I can wash my in private. No, Man, you know, listen, you know better than that fellas. If it fellas any of you in the chat. Any you've been married or, or if you had a girlfriend and you, you never shower with a woman. You never shower with a woman. Rule number one. The goddamn water's too fucking hot. Yep. The water's too hot. Women take a shower and boiling hot water. I don't understand how they do it.


You can't do that. Number two, she gonna hog the water. You gonna be in the back of the shower and you gonna be cold. You gonna be cold. You can't do it. Number three, women take a shower. They be in there forever. They do Forever. I'm, I'm Portugal. They, they gotta sha their armpits. They gotta sha their legs. Their legs. They gotta shave up under the arms. They gotta wash their hair. Then they gotta exfoliate, you know. Oh hell. Then they gotta, they take the loof, the lo they call the loof. Right? The loa. Yes, yes. You know, but the loofah, they put the, put the little soap on there.


That's another 30 minutes on the body. You know, ankles, you know, they, between that, you know. Nah man, hell nah. It is a, it's a production. It's not a shower when women get in there. It's a, it's production. Yeah. Nah, you can't do that. And listen, I need 10 minutes, man. Yeah. I need 10 minutes. I'm getting in, I'm getting out. I'm hitting all important parts. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. I'm out. You Gocho, you go in the water. When you go in to a shower with a woman, just bring some crab ball mix because I want a hot, they they got a oo ball there bug. I like, come on. What I supposed to do over here? No sir. I ain't about ocho, man. I, I ain't taking a shower with a woman in a very, very long time.


Because you know why All I do is pee the hot water on my, all I do is pee said Hey, just call me when you get out. Just call me when you get out. Y'all water too hot. I'm in here and you know I got, I got a big shower. Yeah. So you know what I did Don. So I got everybody there own shower head. I don't care. Hot. You have yours mind Luke warm. Okay. I like that. I like that. And listen, matter of fact, you gotta be careful too. So you have to understand too, when you shower with a woman or if you live with a woman, you gotta understand your water bill. Your water bill going go spike. Now your water, your water bill gonna spike because she gonna be why You turn the water on OCHO and then you find a hundred damn things to do Before you even get in the shower.


Turn that damn water off. Ooh, I think I, I think I got some downstairs. Let me call the, lemme call my girlfriend girl. What you do today? Take a bath. She wash her ass 30 minutes ago. Now you get your ass in there. Yeah. I said come on people. I don't know why they do that. Yeah, lady, y'all don't have to have that water at hell. You don't have any, you don't have it in nice Florida. Have it in Texas but don't have it at hell Scarlet. Yeah. I mean, I, I I don't care what y'all did. Y'all can't get, y'all can't get them transgressions that y'all did that day A off you.


That's what they tried to wash up off of Mocho. Yeah. See. Nah, nah. So all my showers got shower, got dual shower heads. Right. I like that. I like that I'm over here and no, leave mine alone. Well, you splashing me. Well you the one that told me to get here and take a shower with you because I coulda got here by myself because you don't like me. I, I washing myself off. I'm washing myself like I'm washing the car quick. Yeah. Because you know that's how Hey, hey, I'm all, you know I'm front of my wrist and I'm all around my neck, all behind my Bed. Yeah. Back, back of the ear. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause my grandma, Hey boy, you ain't wash. Get your ass back in there.


So I had to go back over the tub and wash again. So that's how I washed now. I was so flying everywhere. So get on the kitchen, you the bathroom mirror, man. Like I say, I'm scrubbing tires. I, hey, I'm washing my legs and my feet like I'm scrubbing tires on the car. Yeah. Nah, nah, I don't want to get in there with y'all. And then I be wanting to do something when I'm in there. This ain't the time. Why I don't, I don't like, Hey that, that, that's, I don't like that. I don't like that water. That, that, that water frick, that water friction ain't it. But I understand ya. It's just that sound of Ocho. Yeah. As up.


Ain't ain't nothing like that West ski Sound. Yeah. Yeah. What, what it sound like? What it sound like. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. You might not even be doing nothing but it sound like it. You know you ain't busting, you ain't busting a grape in the fruit fight. But boy, you feel good about yourself. Oh, I to up it that. I know I put it on them. Yeah, I got you. I got you. I'm with you. I'm with you when you're right. Yeah. You I don't it up in that old choke I don. Somebody wanna make it. They seem white when they in water too. Yeah. Feel water too hot for all that. They the water. They the water.


They, they, No, I got that thing about 70 i I think it ain't no 1 20, 1 30. You ain't finna burn. Have me a third degree burns. Hey, because you know the first time that you walk into the shop, that water hit you this hot. Like, ooh. Oh dang. Oh. Hold on Steve. You, you tripping. You don't, you not, you supposed to put your foot in there. Put your, put your, put your foot in there first. You gotta check the temperature. It's like you do when you go to the pool with a pool. Two I ocho you know I, man, I beat up big. Hey I done. Because you know, sometimes you turn it and it don't get hot. So you go ahead and turn it all the way and you forgot. Yeah man. I step well.


Nah, man. Nah, but I, I I I like I don like y Hey just, Hey you go ahead. No, you can go. No, you go ahead now. As a matter of fact, let me go because you gonna be in there. 'cause I'm gonna be mad and I'm, I ain't gonna be able to take a shower tonight 'cause you gonna be in there 40 minutes. You, you listen man. Always gotta go first. Especially listen, the only time the man doesn't go first is when it's you got, we got somewhere to go. You gotta date. You got a date night. Don't go first because if you, if if you let, if you let her go first. Oh baby, You gotta let her go first so you can rush up. If you not there to add no pressure. So you not late to reservations.


Might, well you might, well you might as well cancel the reservation man. I Just need to know. Women tcho you. Right. Why it take y'all if we going somewhere at seven o'clock, y'all start at two 30 and we still late. How, how Ocho ain't no way in hell. That's a good one. That it should take a woman that long. Get ready. First of all, she done went and got her nails done. She done went and got her hair done. I like I. Don't know where you think we going. We just going to eat. Right. Okay. You get that done. Ocho ain't no way it take a woman for lady. Ain't no way in hell it take y'all four hours to get dressed.


It does. Every time. And they never on time. Never, Man. See, and y'all don't be putting on no clothes. Them little, them little keni draws y'all be wearing. If y'all withdraws at all. Y'all, if you, if you, if you messing with a step of ocho, you already know how they coming. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. If you got, if reservations at nine o'clock, you better tell the start getting ready tell the start getting ready at one. Yes. I lie. What time reservation? Seven I 30.


Soon as they get dressed anytime to go. Nah, reservations eight. Wait, we I rather have your ass dressed and wait another 15 minutes. Right. As opposed because I I know if you getting dressed we going to be late. Late. Yeah. And It I don't know something about when you late my appetite. I don't have to say I don't even want It. Yeah. It ain't, it ain't the same no more. That's Funny. I'm sorry. No, you were sorry last time. Now I think you doing this on purpose. Purpose. It don't take that long to get dressed with me. You don't. Well I tell you, everything is a production shower, getting dressed makeup.


Now, don't get Me wrong, I do like to finish product. I do. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I do believe you could have given me that same look two and a half hours earlier. Yeah. In a time, in a timely manner. I believe that same look, I coulda got that same outcome. Ocho my granny used to say, boy, why I had to tear your ass Up to get what you could have. You coulda done this without me. Tear your ass up without me yelling and screaming. I believe you could have got you coulda looked just like you. You look immaculate. You look unbelievable. I ain't never seen I, I ain't never seen you look like this before.


Yes, O ocho and they got every, they got every shade of makeup, mascara, lipstick, drones, everything. I line foundation Did, did Helena hit, did Helena just touch down? Because ain't no way one person pull out how you pull out everything in the closet, got it on the float and then make up everywhere Sometimes. I understand. Why you, why you wanna live by yourself? Because you, your house will never be the same, especially the bathroom in your closet.


I understand. We're not sharing that. Oh, the bathroom cleaning the building up. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You got your own shower, you got your own vanity. Yeah. Everything Over there. And then I'm like, hold on. How is your hair in my side? You got a side that your equivalent of mine. You got hot water. You got cold water. You got a big ass mirror. Why is that hair on my side? Right? Why you over here? Why is your clothes on my side? Junk. Your side up. No, as a matter of fact, don't junk it up. Just hang the stuff back up. Dang. Oh shit.


Well good luck with that one Bro. Got cleaning people come here. I got six ladies come three times a week. I've always had people come at least twice a week. I don. I don't even know what I paid for. As soon. As soon as you, as soon as you get paid, soon as you pay to get it done, it gonna be messed right back up. Oh, I get it. No, you finna get this right now. No, you, you ain't fitting get this later. You finna get this right now. Ocho, check this out. A Woman blocked a man for not wanting to pay for her nails for the first date.


She blocked him and called him sassy. So now OCHO is a requirement that you pay for a service for her to come see you? No, that's not a requirement. That's a requirement for her, for her to look for and find the sucker that's gonna pay for them goddamn nails. You know, listen for one for me. I'm just, I'm just saying for me, to me, nails, nails, pedicures, manicures. I see that as a part of hygiene. Yes. I see a part of hygiene. The, in the, in the same class of washing your face, brushing your teeth. And that is your responsibility.


Personal maintenance is your responsibility. Yes. And everything else after that. I have no problem taken care of. If I got to pay for your nails Yeah. And your goddamn damn feet. Which man, if them may, if them may no point, that means everything else ain't right. Hold on. You think I'm about to pay for your nails and have you sank them mofos and some other dude back? I wish I might, that's the first thing going through my mind. Oh no, you gonna get your own nails done. I'm not saying that. Hey, hey Ocho, you buy a bag. Hey, she might take that bag out and be stepping with another. Ooh. You like the baby, say the N word.


And I, God, lord, Lord forgive me because when I'm on my phone with my sister, she say, Shannon, you gonna mess up and say that on air. I say, I ain't gonna say it, Libby. She say that's, and we gonna burn, gonna talk the bucket. And my bro. Yes, but why So we gotta pay for everything now, aren't you? Right, Right, Right there nails. We gotta get you a purge. We gotta send an Uber. So, so, so what is, what is it that, that we get Right? Your pre your company. So that's what I pay for. I gotta pay for dinner. I gotta send you, I gotta send you an Uber. I gotta get your hair done.


I gotta get your makeup done. I gotta get your nails done. You want me to? But see, the funny thing about it is that no matter how much we complain about this, there will always be a guy that would be willing to do it. But the the funny thing about this, the guys that are willing to do it, They can't do it. Their own joke. Hold on. They gonna, they gonna do it just long enough to reach their end goal. Okay. But it's not something that they're going to maintain. Okay. They're not gonna continuously keep on doing it. But they will do it until they get, get what they want, have a little fun and then they go buy their business. And then the cycle repeats itself. She looks for another person to be able to pay for nails. I mean, listen, it's, it's, it's So many women have realistic expectations.


'cause I look in the situation that we in Yeah. We we're, we're comfortable. We good. Yeah. We, we lord have blessed us, put us in situation. But the average, the average guy ain't gonna be able to get y'all a Uber and to pay for your hair and to pay for your nails and get makeup and take y'all out to eat to where y'all want to go. He ain't got bread like that. And if he does where he living? I mean, he gotta pay rent. He gotta have a car note. I mean something. What about his upkeep? What about if he gets his nails done? What about if he gets a haircut? What does he, what is he allowed to do for himself if he's spending all his money on you? Right.


I'm like, I don't know. I man, look here they be do and, and, and young and women, y'all stop this because somebody won't do something for y'all. They not sassy. That's that, that's the term y'all use now. Oh, he, nah. And it ain't, that's, that's, that's for the younger, that's the younger, that's the younger, that's not our generation. That's the young folk doing that. Young folk talk like that, Man. I say come on. Yeah. They, they, they, y'all, y'all no, he just don't wanna do all that. I'm not saying men won't do they will, if a, if a man likes a woman, he good For her. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but I mean, I can only do what's in my budget.


I can't, I can't, I can't rob Peter to pay Paulette. So I, I, I just can't don't you, I I can't. Yeah. And so you want me to, because I got expenses. I gotta live, you know, I got a, I got a mortgage or, or, or a rent or I got a car note. Right. I wanna save because hell I don't wanna walk. I don't wanna work until I've 75, 80 and then drop dead. And I ain't got nothing. I ain't do nothing until all I did was work my whole life and drop dead. Right. I might, I might be by myself ojo.


Hey, I got got, I got something for you. I mean, you ain't gonna be by yourself. Wh where Michelle at? There you go. No, no, I'm, I'm just asking. I'm just asking. I'm just asking. My bad, my bad, my Bad. I don't know where she at. Okay. I'm just making sure. You good then Man Ocho then you also ocho. Nah, Nah, nah. I'm I'm just saying because you talking about you gonna be by yourself and I I know you ain't by yourself. Not with that work. You put her to not, you put that work in. I know she ain't left that fast. Man. Somebody say, somebody say Zion spent more time getting a tattoo than he did on the basketball court. Damn.


You Know they ain't lot though. Back tattoos. That's take take a take a little take a little time too now. Yeah, well they, they, these guys getting, they going under anesthesia. Ocho getting it done. I ain't had no, I ain't, I ain't because they getting back, I mean because you know, I guess it takes a couple of two, three sessions to get a tattoo done. Yeah. And so they getting it all done in one in one. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Damn. Yeah, I I don't know.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation at this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability, they're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times wire cutter Top Kids Bike pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy writing


Black Friday has officially started@blinds.com and the savings are huge. Right now you can save Up to 50% sitewide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure. Don't wait. These deals are happening right now. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings is a small project with big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. With blinds.com there are no long lines or confusing quotes. You shop online without sacrificing quality, style, or service. One of our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. We can even handle everything from measure to install. Plus you get window treatments for your whole home installed for just one low cost With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings blinds dot com's Black Friday Sales Event is happening now with our best deals of the ca Save Up to 50% site wide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Black Friday football is on and it's Only on Prime video this Friday, the Las Vegas Raiders take on the Kansas City Chiefs. It's an old school rivalry for a new game day. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. This game reminds me so much of my childhood. When I think games in the nineties, I think the Chiefs Raiders primetime games. It makes me nostalgic for the game I love 'cause coverage begins at one 30 Eastern and kickoff at 3:00 PM Not a prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's Black Friday Football, the Raiders and the Chiefs at one 30 Eastern. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon. Prime For details?


Mm.


What are you drinking there? I mean, what do you mean? What am I drinking? What do you think of this beer? Well, it's fantastic. Well, what is it called? What, what is it? hii? Hi. Hi hii. Yeah, I mean it's spelled Jai. JAI It looks like it says Ja Aai beer. Yeah, I mean listen, but okay, the point is it's about the taste really. And the taste is phenomenal. So what you're saying to me is if I'm going to get an IPAI should get this Ja Halah Hali ha aai bold. Okay. Sounds pretty good. Citrusy beer and an IPA to boot from Cigar City Brewing. Highlight unique high naming. It was inspired. I'm starting to get it. Look it, you know the International Sport High? The International Sport highlight. Alright. High aai. It came to the us Yes, it hit its us cultural peak in the mid seventies. I mean, you may not be able to pronounce it, but we can promise you you can drink it. It is fantastic. Hili the best beer you probably can't pronounce to find Highli IPA near you. Visit cigar city brewing.com/beer/hi-ali. That's JAI dash a LAI Please drink Responsibly Ale from Cigar City Brewing. Tampa, Florida. Hi, AAI. PA.


Yeah, but see Ocho used to be See I missed on time. Don't you pick up, maybe go to the movies, maybe get a bite to eat. It was simple. Yeah, I remember. 20 to $20. Get your nails done. Yeah. $40. Got your good hair style. Yeah. $20 ain't doing nothing. And you Talking about four, $500 getting hair done, huh? Yeah. Shoot the goddamn wig. Wig cost four 500 now. Well, y'all must be going to Turkey to get implants or something. Y'all must be that about be y'all real here. $400. Hold on. Every week. Every other week, don't you? Yeah, boy. Oh yeah. Some Bread like that. I ain't even got bread like that. It's an expensive habit. Go.


Come on out. That thing like Michelle and dig. Cello baldhead. That'll work. A roll. A roll a roll. Look good with that hair like that. Save a lot of money. Daddy does. That's what mine look like. Get that Halle Berry. Nah man. Hold on. Women be paying that much. For real. The old show, I mean. Yeah. Wigs, wig. Hey listen, wig Chad, How much a wig cost? How much a good hairstyle cost Chad? Women in the chat. A Wig wig can go from 200 to six to 1500 Thousand. 15. Hold on. 1500 for what? What a wig. Boy, them wigs Beyonce. Where what?


I can buy a, I can buy a whole horse for $1,500. Yeah, I know. I knew you could buy a whole horse. But listen, some some of them wigs Beyonce and I'm No. Oh, so you making that up. Okay. And I'm not, I'm telling you ask the women, ask the women in this chat. Chad, how much, how much Ocho say a week? Some weed cost. $5,000. Yeah, man, I ain't gonna lie to you. Now I lie for you. How much, Chad? You much watch 400. It's a thousand right there. You'll see it. A a a thousand. Yeah. Man. So How often is she gonna have to get it done? Oh, well we listen, we talking about the elite.


We talking about the Beyonce's and, and I. don No, no, no. Wear those wigs. Beyonce can pay, can can, can pay her own. Or she got a man that's worth a couple of billion dollars he can pay. We're talking about Oh, I know. I'm just sitting, I'm giving, I'm giving you the price ranges of wigs. You, you can get a wig for $50. But I'm just saying it ranges based on the quality that you want. I ain't say ocho. Okay, I get it. Wig gotta get one of them elster wigs on Fred sample. Right. But, but come on o hold on. But okay, but how often they gotta get it done though? Is this a weekly thing? This is twice, twice a month. Maybe, maybe every two weeks. Depends on how well they take care of the wig.


It, it all depends. It all depends. Some, some women, so almost 10 bands for Yeah, man. Yeah, that's, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And listen, I only know, because, you know, I used to, I used to do, I used to install install wigs. You know, I used to, I used to color. I, man, I used to do all that, man. You know. But after I passed down to all, I passed it on down to me young boys and I chose to play football. I Ain't know that O Joe. I ain't no, I ain't no hair cost that much, ladies. I'm sorry. Yeah, it's expensive. It's, it's, it's, it's expensive. Listen, I, I used to, I used to install, hold On, somebody say Brazil, some Brazilian hair could cost $1,500.


Yeah, I told you that. I just said that. Yeah. Brazilian wavy. Brazilian straight, you know, 28, you, you get buy you get the 28, 29. Yeah. I'm gonna Brazil to get me a Brazil. That, that, that, that actually got hit that hair. How much it cost for her just to get it done. I sent her to the, oh hell no. A little Bit of that ocho. Even if that's $1,500 a month, bro. Do you know how much money that is a year? Yeah. Oh, I know, I know. That's 18, man. I know. And listen, unless, unless you in the entertainment business. Yeah. Ain't nowhere in hell you pay $18,000 a year for no damn hair. Yeah, it happens. Yeah.


It's a different world, man. Lord have mercy. It's a different world. I ain't know that ladies. I'm sorry. I see, I see. Y'all gotta have somebody help stipend that. That's a lot of bread, man. It is. You gotta it, you gotta pay the play. Even 400, even eight, even $800 a month. OCHO is a lot. Yeah. So can you imagine they talking about 1200, 1500. Oh no, You gotta you gotta pay the pay. You want your batty. So that's for the, so that's for the hair and the install. So that's for everything. 1500 for everything. Not just the hair, but somebody No, no, No, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, No, no, no, no.


The wig by itself costs 4, 5, 6, 7, maybe 800, 1200, 1500. Then you have to pay the person putting it on their fee for their services. Hold on. Oh yeah. So if I spend, if I spend $500 on a wig, you Take the wig till you take the wig to your hairdresser, the lady who do your hair. Yeah. Now that's a separate building itself. Oh No. That, that don't come with we Hell no. I didn't know that. Well, you tripping. Yeah, man, tell you boy, I, boy, I, I never forget, boy. I used to, I used to be at Liberty Market doing hair, you know, back in the day, man.


And install for hours. That, that's, that's what I used to do. You know. I, well, I was saying 800 or 50, a hundred. That's the wig. And they do the hair. No, no, no, no. You gotta buy the wig itself and then take the wig to the person who does your hair. Oh Lord. Yeah, man. Shit crazy bro. So If you spend 1500 for some hair, you might go out and you might leave outta there paying two over $2,000. Well, it, it depend on what your hairdresser charge. It depend on, and it also depend on what you doing also with the wig. You know, what, what you trying to do with it. Like I said, well, if you listen, if you an entertainer, you making money like that. I ain't got no pro. I listen, I ain't got no problem to the women.


That's, that's footing their own bill. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't a, I ain ain't got no bread like that, don't you? 18,000 for some hair. Man, listen, man, this a, this a different ball game at that next level, bro. I chose to never, ever play. I ain't at that level. Cho, I'm balling on the budget. I'm Good. So I guess, I guess I, I guess I can't shoot nobody a quick 200 and be good, huh? 200. I mean, listen, they got some wigs. She can get some, she get, she can get a nice little wig from the beauty supply for 200 right on the corner. Whatever, whatever. With the hot. What dude, do anybody use the hot comb anymore? I don know My g We, we know we don't use no hot combs no more.


Come on now. We don't use Hot Combs no more. Now you, you talk about Yeah. Days over now we, they have other contraptions to be able to, to do the same thing without, without damaging the hair. You know, the hot comb damage your hair. Now you leave that bitch on there too long. Yeah. Yeah. Man. You see how bad, how you see all them girls come to school with them ears. Yeah, yeah. Always burn. Yeah. And it, it got, it has a, it has a distinctive smell too. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't, like I said, I, I ain't, I ain't know it was, it cost that much because I thought it was a part. I thought like, okay, so you have to buy your own wig.


The, the people at the shop don't have the wig. Well, sometimes, you know, sometimes the women at the shop, you know, if, if they order, if they have a connect and have a vendor Oh. And they, Okay, okay. We have, but sometimes, depending on who it is, you know, they, they don't wanna deal with all that, you know. Okay. You come, you come with your hair and I do it. I do what I need to, to your head. Oh. Oh. So they use Curl Eye. So Curl Eye is taking the place of the, of the straightening comb. Yeah. Yeah. You know, they got, Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. You gotta educate about your man. You know, you, you Gotta think about it now. Now there, there are some women that have natural, like natural hair. Yes. Natural, you know, thick. My dau, my daughter has that. She Be, they, they, yeah.


They, they still might. I think there are some women that still might use a hot comb. Look here when I, my daughter go somewhere. Oh, Joe. I say we going to man, my daughter starts, she like, dad, I gotta wash my hair. She'll wash her hair night before. Yeah. Because she do her own hair. Right. Man. She start, we going somewhere at eight o'clock. My daughter started messing with her hair at like 1 30, 2 o'clock in the afternoon. I said, do your thing baby. Do your thing. Do your thing. It is what it is. Yeah. But I ain't know that boy. You gave, you gave me some, some good info tonight, man. That's It's crazy. It's crazy, man. I mean, it's crazy. It's a different world.


It's A different World. I gotta tell my accountant I might have a need, an extra, I made a extra 20 stat. OO ocho say Hey Ocho. Say it cost money. Yeah. It it do it Do. I ain't know that Ocho Ocho this one gonna get you going. Ocho. I don't know how you gonna feel about this one. Yeah. A guy's going viral on Reddit for his fianc wanting a hall pass before their wedding a few weeks away. Right. To start the marriage off better. We've been together four years now and it seemed like everything was great. Mutual. Yesterday at dinner, my wife, my soon to be wife brought up the ideal of both of us. Both of us having a free sleep with whomever passed before the wedding.


Yeah. This stupid ideal of hers completely blindsided me. I could tell she been thinking about it for some time. Just wanted for the perfect moment to bring it up. She said it would be pretty healthy for our relationship. Yeah. Is be pretty healthy for our relationship and our marriage would get off to a better start because of it. She also claimed that it would help get, get everything out of our system. We've, if in four years we've been together, I've never thought about being with someone else. Maybe she start thinking about it right now, but it sucks to know she doesn't feel the same way. Once she realized I wasn't excited about the idea, she began to retract her statement. I really don't, didn't talk to her. Talked about it and just went to bed.


Since this morning she's been apologizing over text. Yeah. Nothing. The Hall passed. You gonna be in the hall. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? In school, you get in trouble. You go sit in the hall. Yeah. Listen. Huh. Honestly, this is, this is how a a a lot of women think, but they, they refuse to come forth with with how they feel and some of the, the things that they like to do. Some of the fantasies that they may have. Listen, you, you have, you, you have to understand when, when you with somebody is very difficult. There is, there is always gonna be somebody that looks better, somebody that's a little more prettier, somebody with more money. I mean whatever, whatever the case may be. You know? So I, I think it's, it's very difficult for her to even mention the fact that, of having a hall pass before you get married.


That just lets you know where her mind is that, I mean, it it, it just does. It just does. And the fact that she's retracting the statement knowing that no, don't retract it. That's just how you feel. That's, those are uncomfortable, uncomfortable conversations. They that need to be had. And it needs to be had before you actually get married. Because at some point while you are married, you already know what happened when you are married and you're thinking like that anyway. You know, temptation. Temptation is, She might have that one guy that she been promising because you know, hey, you know, if you get married, I want one more time before you get married. Okay. Okay. Hey, it's always one.


I Ain't gonna say, I ain't gonna say that it's happened, but I'm gonna say I know somebody that knows somebody that happened. It's always one. They never marry who they want to. They marry who they can. Damn. They never marry who they want to. They marry who they can. I'm just, I'm gonna just, I'm gonna leave that on the table. Mm. Nobody, nobody Been Man, bro. I don't even know, man.


I might have hit that thing like a rebel dead president. I might just had to slump down in my chair. Yeah. Yeah. Listen at, at, at times. It is just something that more people need to do. You know, you need to have those uncomfortable conversations like that with you, with your people, with your partner. Man, you know Nick, why you bad? That woman will say she one the hall class. Yeah. It is like that. It's like that sometimes. Yeah. And matter of fact, and for those that having had those uncomfortable conversations, you wanna know how your woman really feel. Go ahead and go through that phone one time. That'll wake your ass up.


Go through her phone. You think that? Y'all think that shit's sweet, huh? Nah, I ain't going through nobody phone. Don, Joe. I hear, I hear you. You ain't gotta go through it. I don't. Hey listen, I don't want you losing no weight. I'm just telling. I'm just telling. I ain't gonna lose no weight. Hey, because I already, oh listen Ocho, when you go Ocho, Uhuh in Easter, they hide the eggs when you go look at what you expect to find. I, I, listen, I, when I walk through the mud, I want to come out dirty. Well, you going come out there When I listen, when I walk through mud, I want to come out dirty. That's it. Alright. There you go. Yeah, but see, be right. Listen, you, you around here, boy.


I I'm telling you, you, you, you, you, you sometimes you're wasting your time. You thinking you got something. You, you thinking you got something sweet. It ain't what you think it is. Ain't nothing but a lemon. Ain't nothing but a lemon. Go through that phone. Go through That phone. See Ocho o don't, don't, I'm not listening to ocho. Y'all I'm gonna find me. I'm gonna find it. Who you gonna find I? Don't know. Oh, you talking about what you, what you gonna find? There you go. There you go. No, I'm asking you said you gonna find it? I mean, you talking you talking about like the phone? No. Oh, okay. Okay. My bad. Oh. Oh no. I might, I might even, I might surprise you make a guest appearance with it.


Sometimes you gotta pop out the, and show 'em. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I'm with you when you write. Yeah, I'm with you. When you write, I Be step man. But I, you know, I want my homeboy be ocho I beat my homeboy. You know we on the red carpet, we both got something. What, who, who am I have Ocho you know. Hey, I've been together five years. Fix it, work it out. Work it out. Thanksgiving you go. Right. I bet you, I bet you go get a plate.


You do. You do. See, you do See, I'm at the house and ain't nobody here. Right. I she ain't never, she upstairs You the basement. Nah, I'm upstairs. Ain't nobody here. You would hear kids and everything. Everybody, everybody in Tampa. You notice, you notice how very strategically when I'm here at the house, it ain't nobody here. See how, see how, see how that work? Yeah, Man, we ain't talking about that. I know I should. Hey, I should, I should get on the road and pop up out there. Nah, Ocho because you wouldn't like nobody to pop up on. You Don't do that. Hold on. You the one told me to do that.


I know. Hell nah. I ain't never told you to pop up. Hell nah. You just did. You said go. You said go get a plate. It's Thanksgiving. I thought, but you said y'all had already worked that out. Oh no. I'm just playing. She, she, she sent me an invite though. You Heard me? I'm going to get it. Well, shit, I gotta get on the road. That's all right. Catch a flight early in the morning. That's a three hour drive. Catch a flight. It's a 30 minute flight. Why? I'm gonna catch a flight from Miami to Tampa. Come on now. Easy. Why am I get to the airport and land? That would've been the three hour drive right There. No it won't. Nope. Man. Go on the go. Look at the man. Look at ocho. You don't put that kind of time in the man.


Don't just walk away like that, bro. Oh, No, no, no, no, no. I I, I'm, I'm going to get me a plate now. And, and, and A plate. Ocho, that's it. A plate of food. Oh, that, that's all Turkey, that's All dressing. Mac and cheese. Ham and cheese. Mac and cheese, yeah. Cheese, mac and cheese. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Ham, sweet potato pie. Ooh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know what else. But that's it. Yeah. That's all I want. I don't need nothing else. Okay. Yeah. You know, you gotta be a gentleman. You gotta read. You gotta read, you gotta read like, Hey, this is the new and improved ocho.


Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm just going to eat. Huh? That's it. That's what I want you to do. That's, no. Okay. I want you to eat the food that's on your plate. I know you a eater too. Nah, I ain't not. I ain't, I You Eater too. Hey, yo. Hey, yo, man. I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm good. I'm all, listen, I ain't doing nothing till 2025, man. Just, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm take taking the back seat. I'm, I'm resetting, you know, mid Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, that's my, that's my, that's my dog. Yeah. I'm in a, I'm in a good space right now. You know? I'm in a good, yeah. I'm focused. I collar breeze. Yeah. I got a singular focus. Huh? That what I'm talking about.


I got, I got 307 11 jobs right now. I ain't got no time for no distractions, you know? Okay. I'm in a good space. I'm here. You know the horse. I like that. You know the horses at the Kentucky Derby, how they put the bladders on them? Yeah. You can't see nothing. You can't see nothing at your peripheral. They focus. Yeah. See straight ahead. Yeah. That's where I'm at with it. Okay. God damnit. Shit. I like that. See that, that that's the program that you need to have. Yeah. That, that, and that's what I


got. Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping Point designation. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time, remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


Black Friday. Football is on and it's Only on Prime video this Friday. The Las Vegas Raiders take on the Kansas City Chiefs. It's an old school rivalry for a new game day. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaleigh Hartung for this exciting matchup. This game reminds me so much of my childhood. When I think games in the nineties, I think the Chiefs Raiders primetime games. It makes me nostalgic for the game I love 'cause coverage begins at one 30 Eastern and kick off at 3:00 PM Not a prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's Black Friday Football, the Raiders and the Chiefs at one 30 Eastern. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime For details.


Hmm.


What you drinking there? I mean, what do you mean? What am I drinking? What do you think of this beer? Well, it's fantastic. Well, what is it called? What, what is it? High Aai. Hi. Hi. High Aai. Yeah, I mean, it's spelled Jai. JAI It looks like it says Jai Beer. Yeah. I mean, listen, but, okay, the point is, it's about the taste really. And the taste is phenomenal. So what you're saying to me is, if I'm going to get an IPAI should get this Ja hala ha aai ha aai bold. Okay. Sounds pretty good. Citrusy beer and an IPA to boot from Cigar City Brewing. Hi, aai. Unique naming. It was inspired. I'm starting to get it. Look it, you know, the International Sport High? The International Sport Highlight. Alright. High aai. It came to the us Yes, it hit its us cultural peak in the mid seventies. I mean, you may not be able to pronounce it, but we can promise you you can drink it. It is fantastic. High aai. The best beer you probably can't pronounce to find Hili IPA near you. Visit cigar city brewing.com/beer/hi Ali. That's JAI dash a l ai. Please drink Responsibly Ale from Cigar City Brewing, Tampa, Florida. Hi ya Lie. IPA.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


All right, now it's time for our last segment of the evening. Evening. Damn. It's really late. Supposed to be in the bed. Time for q and a. kera. Know what Junior Jr. Said. Who does Draymond Greene remind you of when it comes to defense from the nineties basketball era? See, it's tough because, you know, he's not the shot blocker that Ben was, but he can move. He had better lateral mo, probably Dennis Rodman. I would say Dennis Rodman.


He's not the rebounder. Rodman is right. Rodman is a seven. Time Rodman was Rebounder. Rodman was an Energizer bunny. Yeah. Yeah. But Draymond is more, he's more of the, he runs a lot of the offense. They didn't really run the offense. They didn't run the offense through Dennis. You had Joe Dumars, you had Isaac, obviously you had Zeke, you had the microwave. And so Rodman didn't run their offense. But I would probably say, I would probably say Worm. That's a good one. LB cooled. I said Ocho want pies and thighs.


Nah, you can't do that, don't you? You can't. You gotta go there. You gotta be a gentleman. You gotta be on your best behavior. Who That whatcha talking about? Oh, Joe, You talking about what? Who said that? Pies and who? Talking about you want pies and thighs? Oh, nah, nah. But ain't ain't nobody, she ain't getting none of this, bro. I'm on my, I'm on my cycle. I'm good. No, sir. I'm on my cycle. C being oh, ING Ocho. What are your thoughts about Coach Prime going off on Travis snub by the Jim Thorpe Award? Travis had better stats than all other finalists. Why they keep moving the gold posts for moving the gold posts for Colorado players? I I don't know. I mean, you ready to tell me he's not a finalist?


I didn't say he got a win the award, don't you? But he not a finalist how, how he nominated for as one of the McGurky or one of the best defensive players. But he's not even, so you said he not, You know, you know what they doing. That's why I don't pay no mind. You know, what they doing. And in Prime. In Prime, ask them, please take your personal vendetta against me and whatever personal reason you may have against me, and don't allow it to affect our kids' success. And that's exactly what they still doing. I'm trying to figure out how is that gonna look if this man wins the Heisman, but wasn't even the fighters for the focal war, how it gonna look? Ocho I You win The ocho, I win the MVP.


Right. But I don't make, I don't make all pro and I don't get selected to the Pro Bowl. How that work, how that look Ocho You know what it is. You know what it is. LB Cool said. What year would you relive your NFL career? Oh my goodness. Probably 97. Only because that was the first year we won the Super Bowl.


A pretty good year. That was a pretty good year. What would you, what, what year would you relive O Joe? Probably that 2006 year, maybe 2006 or 2005. There was some celebrations I left on the table. Dr. Frank l Bellamy. Hey guys. Happy Thanksgiving. What are you most grateful for this year and how has it shaped you as a person?


Mm. Whatcha most thankful for with Joe? Listen, man, I'm, I'm thankful for the opportunities young. I'm thankful for the opportunities, man, and the opportunities you gave me. The opportunities other entities have given me inside the NFL cw. Really thankful, man. I, I, I've come a long way. I've come a long way. For those that know my story, I'm definitely not gonna get into it. Now. I'm not gonna give a table legs, but I've come a long way, boy, you know, I'm very, very thankful. And I'm grateful.


I'm grateful. Yeah. 'cause many, many, many of us, you know, don't get a second chance. And I've, I've been afforded one and I'm taking advantage of that, you know, from the A to the E. Yeah. I think I'm obviously my family, but outside of family, if I take family outta the equation, obviously the team at Nightcap and Club Shehe, they've been unbelievable all year. But I think for me, I'm most appreciative of my fans, listeners, followers. Because even though I've had some mishap, not just this year, over the last year, they've been down.


They haven't left. I'm thankful for the sponsors and advertisers that stuck with me because they know, and that meant a lot. But as I said, OCHO, when it happened, I'm responsible for my, I I, I take sole responsibility for my actions, but I don't get to decide the consequences of my actions. So whatever. And, and I did some, some, some, it didn't happen. But some like, okay, we believe you, we trust you. We know the type of person that you are. But I think the, I think the fans, I think Nightcap Club Shehe, they, they, they showed up, they supported me.


The love that I get when I'm in the airports or wherever I'm at, out and about, that means a lot. That means a lot. And I think that's the thing that, because when I was getting a lot, getting shot at a lot, I was like, damn dude, this many people dislike me. And sometimes you have to take a step back before you can take a step forward. And in the process of me taking a step back Ocho, I got an opportunity to see just how many people respect, appreciate what I do and how I go about my business. So I think ob obviously, you know, you're very thankful for your family and, and and, and things of that nature because they've been here with you the longest.


But the people on Nightcap and Club Shehe and that watch me on, on E-S-P-N-I, I don't believe I've lost one supporter. I don't. Now there are people that, you know, still take their shots and say whatever, but they will never support it anyway. But I'm talking about people that have followed me and watch me and listen to me. I think they're still here. So I appreciate you guys because you guys, you guys make it worthwhile. You guys are why we're able to be who we are and what we are and what we've become. So Doc, thanks for the question and I appreciate you, doc. 'cause you've been, you've been one of the first ones. I think Doc might've been the first or second one.


That was, that was, that was in the, that was in the chat on show that, that night I was in New York. Right. That Sunday night. 'cause I think we had a Sunday night. That was the first one. Sunday night. I think Doc might have been one of the first names that I actually saw up on the board. So Doc, I appreciate your continued support, Ron Debo, happy Thanksgiving, you guys, we are super thankful for having y'all in our live and the wisdom provided. Have a good one. Stay safe. Cherish the day. Keep chin ups no matter the storm, bro. Thank you. And that's, that's something that Ocho and I, we do take, 'cause you know, things happen in your life. It's not gonna always, it's it's not gonna always be 80 and sunny.


Yeah, there's gonna be some storms. It's gonna be some, it's gonna get Rocky Ocho, but oh yeah. We are built to weather the storms, right? Vote Ho said I Uncle Ocho love this show. Can you guys wish my wife Aaron a happy birthday? Happy birthday Aaron. Hopefully as today, but it might be okay. David, I, you know what? I don't think I've ever heard about it. Well, it's hard to have a birthday on Thanksgiving because that day might move. It might be the 24th, the 25th, 26th, 27th, 28th. It's not like a Christmas, you know, it's always gonna be the 25th. And so that's one of, and Ho and Valentine's Day is always the 14th.


So it might fall on different days, but that date doesn't change. Unlike other holidays, you know, like Easter and Memorial. What Memorial Then other days like that Labor Day, they changed. But Aaron, happy birthday. Your hub, your hubby wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Hopefully you guys are surrounded by family, friends, and loved ones, realizing just how blessed and thankful you were guys and how thankful you guys should be. So thank you guys for watching. Thank you for your support and happy birthday.


That concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. Thanksgiving is tomorrow and we all have a lot to be thankful for, for we got a very, very, very, very big announcement tomorrow. Oh yeah, make sure you tune in. You don't wanna miss that. It got me thankful. You woke up. You had use of your limbs, you was in your right mind. You had blood running in your vein and somebody had an appointment that they couldn't reschedule. Mm. So be thankful. And I know sometimes we don't feel that we have, we don't have an abundance of a particular thing, but anytime you have your life, you have an abundance of oxygen.


There's a lot to be thankful for. So I just wanna make sure that we are thankful. 'cause I'm very thankful for everything that I've been blessed with, all the things that we've all gone through. So be thankful guys. I'm thankful for you guys. This concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm your favorite up. Shannon Sharp. That's your favorite, 85. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. He's a bingo ring of Fame honoree. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro and he's from Liberty City. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and tell family, friends, and loved ones when you're around tomorrow, you just talking. Hey guys, you know what? Hey, subscribe to the Nightcap podcast and let's take a listen to UNC and Ocho.


Man, they gave us crack it up. They be telling us about football, our sports, but they be talk teaching us a lot about life. So hopefully you are surrounded by family, friends, and loved ones and you get an opportunity to be thankful and just realize just truly how blessed you are guys are. Make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber matters. We thank you for mattering. Please check out Shay by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays, Thanksgiving is tomorrow. And if you're on the East coast, Thanksgiving is today. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order it and we'll get it to you by Christmas and New Year's. We want you to have a very, very hot, fested joyous holiday season.


And what better way to do that with a bottle of Shea ba la porter and you get free shipping. So make sure you go order your bottle of Shea Ball La Poitier. And do us one more favor, please, Drake Responsibly. Make sure you go check out my clothing company. 84 with 84 being spelled out. We dropped our latest release last month and we have a Black Friday sale that just launched. Items are up to 50% off. Shirts of $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. All tees are back in stock. Nightcap Club Sheha and 84. Everything is in stock and is di and is discounted, really discounted. We also have stock and stoppers. Beanies and cozy quantities are limited.


Please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Thunder beat the Warriors 1 0 5 to 1 0 1 Sha Gil Alexander. 35 points nine rebounds, five assists two blocks. And Isaiah Hartenstein had an unbelievable game tonight. Also, the Lakers beat the Spurs one 19 to 100. LeBron had a triple double seven guys in double figures. They looked really, really good tonight. Shot 53% from the floor, 38% from the three and a hundred percent from the free throw lines. Considering they had been terrible from the free throw line, this was much improved. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. And remember, we have some very, very big announcements to mock to announce tomorrow.


Make sure you tune in. I'm unc. He's Ocho, we're out. Goodnight. The. Volume. You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges. You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name ly, is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order nice cold ly, you hear, can I get a Highli? Highli the best beer you probably can't pronounce.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone. Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audio books and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more.


Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms. Apply Paramount. Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Dodman v Barker, and NTUs versus Man City. On Wednesday, December 11th can decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the gala. Show a whip around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SN h u.edu today to get started.