
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday feast. Join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments Or. the Flocked Starry light. Frazier fur With. over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery For details


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's, ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's, ah, when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's aw, anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to aw. Amazon books that reading Feeling Awaits


The Volume Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's called money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on drafts, the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.


As a former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine, or the smooth ride, BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to BMW usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the all electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experience in luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


How about the Texans defeated the jazz 2320? Yeah. Trevor Lawrence suffer a concussion after taking a huge hit. He displayed fencing posture, an involuntary reflex that occurs after impact and blunt head trauma. Linebacker, Azi hir delivered a hit, hard hit while Lawrence was sliding. Even a after the hit. Evan Ingram ran into ashore, right? Shoved him while Lawrence remained on the ground. A scuffle between the Jag and the Texan players and sued while medical personnel attended to Lawrence. How? I'm just trying to figure out how you get offsetting penalties off that. What do you think that was supposed to do? Ocho Hey, can you do me a favor? Yes. Can you do me a favor? Can you please unders like e explain to me what defensive players are supposed to do.


I know the quarterbacks have rules. I I understand. The quarterbacks have rules. The rules have changed. Now we've seen Holmes and other quarterbacks, Josh Allen, take advantage of those rules and really not wanna on The sidelines. On the sideline ocho. Oh yeah, yeah. You say you like context, right? That was in the middle of the field. Okay, come on. That guy was going into a slide. Right, Right, right. You right. So Al I don't wanna I don't wanna butcher his last name. Yeah, I'll share. He has to know. You got to know. You got know Trevor is going down and if he, if he is going down, don't dive at his head. Just dive over him. Just, just, just dive over him. You, you don't, We played, we played park water football. Remember we used to have the monkey rolls where the guy roll you roll over the top, the monkey roll. You remember that?


Damn, I I heard that in years. That's crazy. You gotta go over the top of it, right? Right. But you de ocho, even if you don't go over the top, you can't leave with this ocho. Yeah, You can't. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. They, you know, You know what that call Oh, I'm gonna be shocked if he doesn't get suspended. You know what that call is? The Rodney Harrison? Yeah. Anytime you leave with that forearm, I, I just, Rodney Harrison Junior say out for some reason it resonates with me when I see somebody do that, they, the only two I ever seen make tackles. What they forearm they leave with their forearm. That's that age, that soup bone, they call it back when I was growing we called that African soup bone. Right. Alright, I'm gonna put that soup bone on you.


Oh Yeah. O you think they gonna suspend gonna be, I'm gonna be surprised if they don't suspend him. Right. Right. I'm gonna be shocked Or maybe a heavy, I'm be shocked. Fine. A heavy a suspension and a fine Damn. Well if you get suspended because they take the, they take your money, you don't get paid. Right. Damn. That, I mean, you, you, you gotta you gotta be a little bit more cautious man. A little bit more aware, a a little bit more aware man. That's, that's unfortunate. There's, there's no room for that, you know, in the game. And you know how much the NFL wants to protect the quarterbacks and have the, the quarterbacks in every game can, Can you imagine if he'd have hit Mahomes? Oh my goodness. Or he'd have hit Josh Allen. Man, listen. Or he'd have hit Lamar or what?


He might have got by two or three games. He might be suspended for the rest of the year Because the quarterback of the ocho that's why they put all the rules in because the quarterback is a premium position. Right. That's why they protect the Brady knees. They got the Brady Rule rule. You can't hit the quarterback in the knees or you can't drive and drive you, you know, put your weight, dump your weight onto the quarterback Ocho. They want that guy. Look, they say everybody else is important. We don't want you to think, okay, we lying. The quarterback is the most important. We not even trying to fool you. Right, right. To think that there's another player that's comparable to him. Right. 'cause there's not, I'm gonna be shocked. I ain't gonna lie to Ocho. I'm gonna be shocked if he doesn't get suspended.


It because of the egregious And, and here's the thing, Ocho remember Yeah. Intent, intent only matters to Al. Sure. Because Trevor Lawrence is still unconscious on the field. Yeah. Yeah. Yes sir. So you can't use that as a defense. Right. Man, that was my intent. I was just trying to use, so, so what's his argument? I'm trying to make sure he was down. He's going into the slide. There Is none. There is none. Because you, you can, you can see the intent and what you wanted to do. You can, you can see it. You know, there there's some players. It there, there's some players that, that really don't play that, you know, defensively. Yeah. Like they just, they, they headhunting no matter what.


Oh. Yeah. And that's, I, you, you gotta be better man. You, you gotta be better as a d as A Oh we got, oh, but you know what, don't y oh, we gotta get one of your players. Oh. If you dirty, will you dirty shot one of our players and put him out. Right. Oh, we gotta get one of yours. Yeah. But they, they don't think like that today. They, they don't think like that. They don't play like that because they understand their repercussions behind that. Like getting fine, getting in Trouble. We gonna make it. We, we gonna, we gonna make, we gonna make it look just like a play. We gonna make it look just like a play. Right. Hey Mike, run it. Call Tex call. I call, call a toss away. We cutting everything. Oh. We gonna get something. Somebody gonna get, we gonna cut somebody until they come get 'em off the field. Right. It really that simple.


They not finna let you take no cheap shot. Right. And we deem it cheap. Damn. What you meant to do? We deem it as cheap And we gonna get you back. So You got to pay. So yeah. One of those players that was on the field gotta pay the price. Right. So we getting somebody, I hope Trevor is okay though. He's okay because as any I do came out, He, because oh, remember he had just got back Yeah. From injury. Yeah. He Was dealing with an injury. Damn. Damn man. Man, that was you. And then they call offset penalty because every Ingram shoved him. Every Ingram shoulda have put his helmet right in his back.


Yeah. I mean he he's supposed to do that. He's supposed to. Oh Yeah. A 15, a 15 yard penalty. We whatever you get kicked out, we gonna raise money. Ain going ain't gonna pay it back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For whatever. What? You ain't gonna have to pay for it 'cause we gonna raise the money and we gonna pay it. So whatever you they take outta your check, we'll give it back to you. Oh. Now you not finna do Oh, oh no. Dang. Man. I wish somebody, I let somebody have done that to John. I listen back. I Guarantee you about four. Listen. No, I about four. I bet you about four or five of 'em gonna have ACL surgery within the next two weeks. Yeah. Listen, y'all, y'all, y'all back then, man, y'all like, y'all like the, the nineties. Well you got Finn, NBNB.


Oh yeah. Y'all finn a royal rumble. Y'all finn a fight drop kicking people. Yes. Nah. Yes, Yes. Yeah. Yes. Y'all ain't, y'all ain't played back then? No. Hell nah. Not back. No quarter. Not the quarterback. Quarterback. First of all, you couldn't do anything to no star player. Right. But if you hurt that quarterback, because we know, hey, what a chance we going do anything without our quarter without a star. And that's a star. Yeah. That's a superstar. Right man. We look at, okay, I ain't gonna say the B word, but it was only Yeah. Oh yeah. Dead or alive. Now you not finna do that now quarterback. Right. Oh no. That was the best thing to happen. And they changed the rules that they let see, they let stuff slide now.


Oh, he didn't meant to do it. Yeah, but I think he did. Well I, I ain't gonna meant to do what I do. I didn't mean to do it. Same thing, same energy. Yes. You got to. I mean I, but I don't know Ocho, I get it. Like guys you see a lot of times guys pretend like they about to go out of bounds and then like they, they do the little hands in and they take on running. Yeah. They take back in. Yep. This man in the middle of the field, the man sliding. Yeah. And you lead like this here. I can see if you like, because we've seen guys go over, go over the top of them. Sure. But you leave with your, you Leave with your elbow, make sure you're going down. Yes.


Nah bro, come on bro. You gotta be smarter than that. You gotta look, I understand it's a physical game and look, you, you know, we competing, but at the end of the day, I want everybody to make it home safe. I'm not gonna try to do anything to try to put you in harm's way. Right. 'cause I don't want you to do anything to put me in harm's way. I know you got family, you got family to feed mom, dad, grandma, my wife, fiance kids. And I don't wanna do anything that's gonna take you off the field that could potentially take a rule for food right off your table from somebody that you love. Yeah man. Yeah. But all I ask is that you would steer me the same courtesy. And Rodney man, me and Rodney Anderson was in the same division for a number of years. He dialed me up and said, Hey, oh, You playing when you play with Rock Crazy ass.


When was He didn't say he was with the charger. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yes. I was like, hey. He like, Hey, stay on a, I said, hey, stay away from the head. I was like, Hey bro, I ain't, I ain't gonna get your knees. Right. Right, right. Like, all right, hey, we gonna play, we gonna play. We go, Hey, now you know I'm coming. Yeah. I said, yep, Me too. Oh, you coming. You definitely coming. Me too. So just know I'm trying to peel your cap too. Yeah, let's not, Hey, hey, we gonna damp each other up. We gonna work out in the off season. Right. But just know, I'm trying to split your dome too now. Yeah. Hey, hey, ain't nobody gonna, everybody, I ain't gonna be the only one with a mohawk because I'm coming.


We coming. Okay. Just so we know and we cool. He ain't never, he ain't never chief shot me. Right. I ain't never chief shot him. Now did he put some la the offensive laman on their hand? Oh absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. But you knew what you was gonna get with him. He gonna play snap the whistle and he gonna hit you as hard as he possibly can. Yeah. You have to return that type of fire to him because if you don't, you in for a long day, it Be a long game. Boy Ocho, the charges defeated the Falcon 1713. The Falcons needed more from Kirk Cousins fifth cousin today. And he has not thrown a touchdown pass in three games in the same timeframe.


He's thrown six interception. He threw four today Atlanta has been outscored 75 36 in the LA in three consecutive losses. Yep. There are now six and six overall cousins is playing poorly and it's hard to ignore the fact that the number eight pick in the draft is sitting on the bench. Yep. Is it time for us to see another Michael, not Vic Pennix Jr as the starting quarterback for the Falcon? It could Be, it could be that time. It, it just, it depends on the, it depends on the coaches. Do they wanna make that change right now? Because once you make the change and you go from cousins to Pennix Junior, that means it's set, it's solidified. The Pennix junior regime starts for the Atlanta Falcons at that point on.


And I'm assuming Kirk cousins will no longer be there the following year. Most of the time you would want your quarterback, the, you, you would want your rookie quarterback during the times where quarterbacks sit and, and sit and learn behind a veteran. You want them to have a full season. You want them to have a full season no matter what. Now if there's any, there are no chances of you making the playoffs, then I would say go ahead and make the switch. Let pinning jr get an early start. Right. Getting, getting some, getting some of those reps and getting acclimated to the speed of the game, getting comfortable with the receivers or whatnot. I would say all, all, all for it. But if there is any chance that you might think you might have a shot, I say you still stay with your veteran quarterback.


I say you still stick with your better quarterback who has a better feel for the offense, even though he's playing bad and he's on a three game skid. I say you just do they, the goddamn falcons, they started off beautiful. They started the season off great. They did, they did. I don I don't know what happened. And I saw so much promise in them, and I listen, I was one of the few that came that, that stood up for the Falcons offense and saying that Drake, London and Kyle Pitts and Bija Robinson would have a season they'd never had before. Because I understood what, what Kirk cousins brought to the helm as far as being a quarterback and what he does in the regular season. But eh, these last three games had been abysmal. Why They turning the ball over too much Ocho? Yeah, that, that he's turning the ball over.


Hell, he Had three of 'em today. Four. Okay. I only saw three now you just made it that much more worse. He, he had three, he had, he had four I one was the pick Six. I saw the pick, I saw the pick six And he had two fumbles. But they were, could the offensive lineman recovered those. Okay. Okay. So he could have easily had six, six turnovers. They could have easily wanted. I'm trying to, he threw that, that interception he threw in the end zone to this. I still don't know. Wow. And I'm like, why would you throw the ball like that in the middle of the field? Exactly. And that congested of an area. Yeah. Hold On, hold on. I still, I still don't figure, I still haven't figured it out. I got, I I got, I got another one while you on the left hash trying to throw anything to the outside.


What are you doing? And then you leave it and then you leave it all the way inside and you wonder why It's getting Picked. If you going, if you going, listen, let lemme say before you go, if you gonna make that throw from the left hash all the way to the right, you can't pat the ball, you can't have no motherfucking hit. As soon as you hit that third step, the ball gotta be gone. The the ball gotta be gone. What, what, what are we doing? You pat the ball and then throw like, Kirk cousins on his absolute best day. Doesn't Have that kind of arm. Never Had the arm to do that. Thank you. A but a handful of quarterbacks can make that throw a huge a Josh Allen or my homeboy, somebody like, like that.


Yeah. Yeah. I I don't know if Aaron can make it right now. Oto. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because like you say, it's gotta be, it's gotta be, it's gotta be three and a and no hitch. That ball gotta be coming. Well first of all he, he's kind of semi roll, so now it's basically five and that ball's gotta come out. Right. No, yeah. You be foolish to even try it. I, and, and and, and he, like you said, I don't think you do it because there's still a chance you can win that division and make it to the playoffs. Right. Right. That's why I said that. You, you gotta be, you gotta be is you gotta be cautious. You gotta be careful. Do do you want to put that, that kind of pressure on you, your quarterback who hasn't been in, been in as in as much, you just, you just hope that Kirk Cousins can, can do some of the things he needs to do as far as protecting the ball.


That's number one. Protect the ball and give us the chance. Protect the ball and give us the chance because we won't be able to overcome that. Even though they do have a very decent defense with, with goddamn AJ Terrell and what's damn from Justin Simmons. Yeah. Justin Simmons and, and Jesse Bates. They have, they have, they have a, a, a good defense. So they gonna need Kirk Cousins to play some good football if they gonna have a chance to get up outta there and, and have a shot at the playoffs. But I mean, the thing is Ocho is that when you look at it, what, becau before we go, what was the temperature in Cincinnati today? It was only, it was only 30. It wasn't bad if it was 30.


But You remember Joe felt like, but you remember Joe said he was wondering how he was gonna feel in cold weather. That wrist, he said, really haven't had to throw in cold weather. You think his wrist is bothering him? No. I don't think so. I don't think so because every, you know, you always see him, you always him see him flexing. It just, just to keep it loose though, you always see that. Right. The, the break up to breakup some of that, what do you call it? The breakup, the scar Tissue. Yeah, the scar tissue. But I don't think it's bothering him. I I, I think look for me Ocho and this is a decision that Raheem and the staff and the higher ups are gonna make. Right. As long as I got a chance. 'cause they're right there with Tampa. Yeah. Yeah.


Six six. And they beat Tampa already ready? Yes, sir. So with that being said, I'm not so sure I make the move right now, but if somehow, and I, I think they're only gonna get one. I think that's, look, you got Detroit's 11 and one, Minnesota's 10 and two. Right? Green Bay is what? Nine and three I believe. So that, that, So there are three, there's a division that's, that's gonna be, you are gonna get three out of that division. Right. With that being said, you only have one wild card spot available Because you got your four division winners, right?


A FC South I, excuse me, NFC South. NFC North NFC West and the NFC. So you got who that? Yeah. So they're tied right now. They're, they, they tied for the division league with the Bugs Ocho. Yeah. And they got the head to head because remember we talked about it. They had al they already beat 'em. Beat 'em. Yeah. So you gotta have three teams, two wild cards are coming out of the north. So now does the other Wild card, does it come out of the NFC? The NFC West Arizona, Seattle Rams 49 ERs. Dang.


Does it come, does, I mean, maybe nine and seven. Nine and seven might get you a wild card. Ocho it might excuse me. Nine and eight. I keep thinking 16 games. My bad. I'm sorry. Nine and eight 17 games. Nine and eight might get you a wild card, don't you? Yeah, it will. Then it might win you the division. Yeah. Nine and eight could easily win the division in the NFC South and the NFC West. Yeah. Won't get you shit in the A FC though. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Hell nah. Because you already got Kansas City. What's Kansas City? 10 and one 11 and 1 11 1. Kansas City what? Ten one eleven. One 11 and one. Yeah. They lost the Buffalo load. Got the Steelers lost.


The Steelers already lost. Lost two three. They lost three. They nine three I think. Okay. So it's, yeah, I, I'm not making that move just yet. Ocho I'm not.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pets Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get Up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking, The all electric Chevy Equinox EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev starting at 34 9 95.


The the 2025 Equinox EVLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev,


Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day. Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there, if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus, with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try FH Com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary Sponsored by Future Health.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


The bucks defeat the Panthers. 26 23 in overtime. That was a good deal. Panthers costly fumbles set up the bucks win. Mm. Adam Thilan. TD was ruled. Not a td that was a touchdown. One of the ref that was, That was a to I don't know what the ref was looking at. I don't know who I don't know who, who paid the bookie or whatnot. That was a touchdown. Hell a goddamn Panthers. Hey Bryce, young I don't know if you gonna see this boy, boy, boy. Shit, you looking boy. He look Good, man. That's why they took him number one overall. Hey, give a man a little protection. Hey, let some guys make some plays for him. Legged feeling. Boy, y'all boys looking tough. I, I don't know if we have any Carolina Panthers fans in the goddamn chat, but what I'm seeing in, in being, seeing so far, even with a loss is promise.


I see. Promise y'all man. Them boys look good. Bryce Young Looks good. Chd. Am I saying it right? I don't wanna butcher Chuba Hubbard. Ubatuba Uba. Yeah. Chuba Hubbard. Boy, shit, your boy. Y'all boy finna be hell boy. Y'all gonna be hell boy. Keep pounding, bitch. Keep pounding. I'm telling you, Bryce Young over his last four games has 855 58 passing yards. He has five touchdowns won interception, and he's led his team to a game time or a game winning drive in all four shows. He's made of the right stuff. Oh yeah. Just give him, hey, get him another offensive lineman. Get him some pro protect, get hey, get him another weapon and let's see what he can do. Hey, they bring, they bring him a goddamn stud in there.


Like, you know, ain't nothing, ain't nothing wrong with the, you know, the receivers because the ones he got right now, but them boy making some plays and he putting the ball with the ball. The's a little older Ocho. Let's go. We need some fresh blood. We need some, you You, you want some young legs in there, huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We need some young legs. Okay. I'm not saying I'm not, but I, but I'm saying maybe, maybe we use feeling as a third down guy. Right, right, right. But I gotta, I gotta get some fresh legs. I need somebody to get down the field in A hurry. But listen that, listen, we need a veteran presence now. You know, we, we got a bunch of young boys. Yeah, Yeah. We, we don't get rid of the, we got a place for it. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm just making sure. Yeah, we got a place for it. Yeah. You Gotta have that veteran presence in there to keep the together, you know, keep that four together. All right. But I, I, I love, look it didn't go their way.


They were playing really well, Hubbard, I think Hubbard, wasn't it Hubbard that formed that ball? I think it was Hubbard because he was the one, he was sitting on the bench. Everybody had done gone. Yeah. And it, the stadium seemed like it was empty and he was sitting on the bench Yeah. With himself alone in his thought. I can just imagine what was going through his mind and how he was feeling. Ocho the Seahawks defeated the Jets. 26 21. This is the first time Aaron Rogers has lost, lost a true home game with a 14 point lead in his career. He was 75 and oh and at Lambo and MetLife with a 14 point lead entering today, including playoffs. The jets were up 21 7 with Garrett Wilson wide opening the end zone. He missed him.


And then the next play, he had an opportunity. They, Hey Ocho, they about to put the game away. Yeah. And the next play, big Leonard Williams who said he was disappointed that he didn't win. Defensive player of the year. La I mean, defensive player of the week last week. Yeah. Well, you got a week this week. Big. Yeah. Two sacks. A pick, six attacker, four loss a block. PAT you'll definitely win. Yeah. NFC defensive player of the the week. Hey, if you don't win, Yeah, I'm count. I need a recount. Hey, but young Bull, he was moving, boy. Hey, he was running Movement. Rogers a long shot. They're talking about potentially I said something, what, what did, what did that article actually about?


They potentially, like, they don't know if he's gonna start moving forward. No. Moving forward. Start who, who They, they gonna binge who? Aaron Rogers in Favor of who? It don't matter because I'm getting the same results. Listen, you think about bitching Aaron Rods over there in New York right now. He will flip every table. He gonna take a bite. That's okay. He gonna be gone next year. We'll straighten it back up. He gonna be gone anyway. Hey listen, they, they, they, they wouldn't, they, they, they wouldn't do that. And he, he not gonna go out quietly. I don't see Aaron Rods as the type of quarterback not gonna take benching him. Well, I, I don't, I don't see him taking it. Will what He gonna do? Go on P Mac show and, and have express some conspiracy theories.


Listen, talking about that's, that's liberal. Act a fool. Act a fool and make it hell while he is there. That's okay. Act a fool and make it hell while he is there. He just seemed like the type that would do that. That's okay. Shoot. I I He didn't play well. Yeah, I, but I'm sure you know, I'm, I'm sure they'll say he played well he was 21 of 39. 180 5. Two touchdowns, one in interception Ocho and Seattle gave, tried to get a gave away in the first quarter. They they did. They did. They did. I've, I've never seen returns from, from return a fumble that many times. And I I I've never seen anything like that Ocho.


So the very next play began. 19. So from that point on, Seattle outscored him 19 to nothing. Rogers had the long shot of return. They asked Urich after the game about was he con contemplating a quarterback change instead of shutting down speculation with a direct No, he replied, not as of today. You know what that mean? I don't, I don't, I don't like answers like that. I don't like what Harbo said when they talked about and asked him and junker Justin Tucker returning. Right. Won't address that right now. What the fuck you mean right now? We talking about the greatest kick of all time. But anyway, now back to the topic at hand.


Listen, Aaron Rogers, I mean man, shit, man. I mean, is is he he Look bad. What ocho the man about to be 41. He's coming. He's he's coming off an a, an achilles injury. Right. Which is one of the toughest injuries for an athlete to overcome. Yeah. A young athlete. Imagine one that's 41. Yeah. What did you expect him to look like? I mean, hey listen, but See if you honest ocho anybody that's honest about Aaron Rogers, you labeled a hater and they try to make it about all the other things. Go back and check I don't want, need y'all to do me a favor. Go back and check my track record about Aaron, about when I was on CBS.


I've never denied his ability to throw the football. Right. I always catch question. I saw some character issues that concerned me. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm gonna leave it at that. Yeah. Now with that being said, he didn't play well. Aaron Rogers has not played well this year. And it's okay to say that Ocho, he's still a four-time League. MVP. Yeah. He's still a three-time. First a four-time, first team all pro. He's still a Super Bowl. MVP. Yeah. He's still a transcendent, historically great quarterback. One of the ever greatest quarter. But this year he hasn't played well. No. And all of those accolades that we, that's been bestowed upon him don't mean nothing. And rightfully So. Don't mean nothing.


Ain't got nothing to do with right now. Yeah, You right, you right by that. You know, it is, it is unfortunate. It's unfortunate. I'm, I'm not sure, I'm sure we've seen quarterbacks decline. I I don't think we've seen quarterbacks decline in such a manner at, you know, this fast. I think maybe because of the injury due to the injury. I think it kind of sped up and expedited the process. I was hoping things would work out. I was hoping things would work out because I was one of the few that said, oh shoot, Devonta Adams is coming to the Jets. Oh, they finna be, are they finna be hell now, you know, Alan Lazar and him having the pieces and having Brie Hall. I thought they were gonna be all World and having the defense that they did have, ah, things aren't, things aren't the same shit.


Hell, Aaron Rogers playing bad. The goddamn defense ain't too much to talk about either. But they were hoping that Aaron Rogers could elevate this offense. Like Josh Allen. Like Josh Allen is doing, doing, doing the bills. Yes. What Peyton, you remember now, hold on. Y people remember that before Peyton, the, the year before Tom Brady got to the bunk, James threw for 5,200 yards. Yeah. 5,100 yards. Yeah. And 30 touchdowns. Bruce Allen just felt that if we minimize the turnovers, we could be a playoff team. Yep. Get you over the hump.


The year that Peyton got to the Broncos, they won the division, but they were eight and eight. Payton comes in, they go 13 and three, they get the number one seed. Now they get knocked out in the divisional round. But you see the improvement the next year, Peyton wins. MVP, he breaks all the records. They go to the sub bowl, they get demolished. But they did go, you see Tampa every year. Brady was there, they make the playoffs. So they were expecting, they say, look, that guy coming in, he should be able to elevate our offense. Right. We got Garrett Wilson, we got some players, we got nice running back with Allen and Bre Hall.


We got Sally. Tight end not great, but they're good. They're adequate and a defense. But I said one thing and I kept reiterating, I say you are under the, you are under the, the notion that the defense stays exactly the same. Right. And there's no slippage. Because if there's slippage, then what? Yeah. Oh man, you hating. You just say so. Okay. I can't even, Yeah, well let, listen, there, there's been slippage and they, and there there's no flex all, there's no flex all to to, to stop the leak. A a ain't no hold on. You mean to tell me they ain't got no remedies? I mean, you taking cayenne pepper and drinking water. You mean to tell me they ain't got no remedies.


Oh. All these remedies that you know. Right. Ivermectin and all the, they ain't got no remedies. Nah, ain't none nothing. Ain't nothing nothing. That's gonna help you. You know what, maybe it's a conspiracy theory. Maybe the NFL is plotting against him. Oh, you think so? Ocho? Nah, I ain't, ain't nobody ain't, ain't nobody plotting. It just things aren't going right. Things aren't going right and there's really nothing you do. Interesting. Hmm. I Know. Maybe, maybe if you miss, maybe if he was, man, shoot May maybe you Man don't talk about man, that man go, he go on P Mac show and Mo Pal tour and P Mac. Hey doing a great job. Love what P mac doing. That man ain't talking about no football. Nah, he talking about the damn football.


Oh. Woo. What Coachs defeat the Patriots. 25 24. Anthony Richardson leaves a game winning drive. Shane Steichen, we going for the win, Going for two Richardson calls his own number, powers his way into the end zone. The pat miss a 68 yard field goal. Maybe if it's 67 yards it might hit the crossbar and go crossbar and goes over. Right. Should the pat, should the Pats have thrown to hell Mary or attempted to feel gold? I think, you know, they have a kicker. They have a kicker with a, a very, very strong leg. One who's who, who's accurate and he can, he can hit it from that point.


I think you'd have a better chance kicking a field goal with a kicker that has the, the strength to reach goal as opposed to catching a hail Mary. I think the percentage would be much lower as far as the Hail Mary concerned. And listen, they they did. They did what they could. Drake may, Drake may had a good game. Huh? That goddamn Drake may making some plays. Yeah, for sure. I don't listen. I I I think the goddamn the ring, the pagers have found that quarterback of the future Drake May is looking phenomenal. He's getting better. I know they did lose the game, but he's getting better week in and week out. He's getting better. Very, very good. And he's showing great promise, you know, going forward and he's improving week to week.


I think they gonna be finding that area as far as quarterbacking is. As is concerned. And ever since his benching, ever since his benching and not allowing it to affect him mentally. Young Bull is playing some good football with that horseshoe on. He is for two now. He Is he playing some good football with that horseshoe on his helmet. Matter of fact, his quarter, his coach brother Shane Steichen trusting in him in that scenario at that time to go for two. Yep. You know what, fuck it. I'm throwing all the cars on the table. I'm throwing all the cars on the table and I'm putting my trust in my offense and in my quarterback we going forward.


Well you know what that does for a team. I love it. Huh? I love it. That's very that was very, I ain't Finn lie. I love it. That was very Dan ish. Yes. I'm gonna live with the consequences. If. we don't make it. I'm gonna live with the consequences. You gamble. O Ocho, the Minnesota Vikings came from behind and defeated the Arizona Cardinals. 2322 mm The Vikings crawled back into the game after being down 19 to six mm What'd you call 'em? A Sam? Donna made plays when he had to ocho Yeah. When it matter him most looking like God damn Patrick Mahomes Looking Like God Patrick Mahomes.


Listen Sam Donald's playing his way into a, a, a very hefty contract. Yeah. I'm not sure where it's gonna be at, but based on his resume and what he's just played this season, man, he's going somewhere to be a starter again. Oh for sure. And the only problem is he won't have a Jordan Addison or a goddamn Justin Jefferson after him. So things might be different. TJ Hoon and Aaron Jones. Oh man. Listen, jj, JJ McCarthy gonna have his hands full like a, like a kid at Christmas when he comes back next year. Sam, Donna was 21 of 31 2 35. Two touchdowns no picks. He was sacked five times. But he did a great job of holding onto to football. Yeah.


Ju Justin Jefferson was seven of 97, catches 99 yards. Jordan Addison was four for 54. Teacher Hogenson three of 33 for 28. Aaron Jones fumble once he fumbled twice, but he lost once offensive line recover one. And obviously the opposing team recovered one. But give them credit. They found a way to, to keep fighting, keep clawing and scratching and they hung around the defense did a great job of keeping keeping them in the ball game. Right. Making them settle for field goals and not giving them touchdown. I can still see your tail taillights ocho so therefore you couldn't run out of and I couldn't see you anymore. Right, right, right. You put so many points on the board, it's it's too far.


But give that defense credit of bending, not breaking, forcing 'em to make field goals or take field goals. And then the offense got rolling, they got cranking, they able to get back in this game. And where the game winning in Touchdown Drive by Sam Donald and Aaron Jones capped it off. But it was, it, it was a great win for the bikers. And they still, Hey say look here. I think they got Detroit coming up soon, don't they? Minnesota. Yeah. I think they got Detroit coming up soon, at least the next two weeks I think. All right. I don't have, I don't have the schedule in front of me Is the last game of the season they got.


So Green Bay got Minnesota, huh? Or Green Bay got the Packers. I mean, green Bay got Detroit Green Bay got Detroit. Okay. I knew Thursday. That's Thursday night Ocho. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh, that's a good one. That's gonna be a good one. Gonna be a great one. Now it's time for the last segment of the o Evening Ocho. It's time for Q and a. Yeah. I'm glad we got the q and a. 'cause I I've been, I've been fighting back Tears, tears the whole show. Damn. That hurt. That jw Akron Ocho. Yo, you can't say foot or ball. You owe me a signed jersey. You owe UNC three bands. Let's go. Don't back out now. Hashtag Steelers. Listen, I as a stealer fan, as a stealer fan, I I respect you.


I love you. I I sent out a tweet, you know, showing my love and my graciousness for all. I've always been respectful of, of Steal Nation. And y'all are always shown me, shown me grace at all times. Even when I was playing after me shedding tears about my bangals losing, I would hope you would be a little bit more lenient in seeing how emotional Nope. And hurt I am. Man, get that man in Jersey Ocho. Huh? Get that man this jersey. I ain't got no jerseys. You said you did? You bet that man, that man said a I I bet him he won the jersey. Yes. That's the one. That's the one you betted. Oh, I Did. Okay. Tell him tell him bet. Tell him Send me a DM o on Instagram. Send me a DM on Instagrams Jw. You heard it? I Tell, tell Ash to get his information for me or something.


You know, I don't, I don't know how to, to do the, the YouTube stuff. Yeah. You could DM Ash Ash should get your information. Jada. Yeah. And I, matter of fact, I got some, I got some jerseys at the house too. I, I mail, I mailing one. I get one off. I get one off to him. Damn. I ain't know. Dark, dark Barn said Unc. Y'all, y'all, what's y'all opinion on how Bryce Young seems to turn to year around, even though the Carolinas still lose? Do you think he's earned another year as a starter? Which would you allow the team to use draft picks on getting more weapons? Yes. He shows that he can play. They're doing a better job of protecting him. And maybe he needed to sit a couple of games to see and let the game slow down for him. Yeah. To let, so now he get an opportunity to see, man, I wanna, you go in there and you see, man, I would've did that man.


That's what I should've done. Oh, okay. So he gets an opportunity to see He absolutely has earned another year. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Get him some weapons. Look too good. I love the way they're playing. He, because if there aint no more blowouts though, Joe, they, they, these games look, they compet, they, they competing Can see they can happen compet. They're competing every game. We talking about every game down for the wire, we scoring 21, 28, 30 some points every game you're competing. That's all you can ask for Ocho he's getting better. Oh yeah. He's absolutely getting better at playing the position. Yeah. And, and so interesting to see how he finishes out the season. Yeah. But he's played extremely well.


Obviously he's deserving. We're gonna see how this season finishes up. But I'm anxious, I'm not worried about next year. I'm anxious to see how he finishes up this season. Right. TS carwash and details said Unc Ocho who is the best in the NFL as of today? The best team. As as a whole? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Shoot. I mean, what with the lions probably. What, what they playing? The lion, the lions say The lion Wheels. Yeah. I would pro I would, yeah. I, it, it is hard for me. 'cause right now I would probably say, Ooh, the lions, I think it's out of, for me, it's out of three teams. I'd say the lions, I'd say Eagles. And I say the build. Yeah. I, I I gotta put eagles in there too.


That, that would be for me. The teams that I think are playing the absolute best right now, the Eagles d-line, we know what they are. Offensive saquon Yeah. Is playing out of his mind, but their defense, that Eagle's defense playing Crazy. You It is, it is amazing How much, well, one year, a one year difference does, huh? You add a few. Yeah. You add a few, a few new pieces, a few new wrinkles and the whole defense look fucking completely different. Yeah. But that D-line is getting after folks sweat and, and, and Jalen Carter and I think Williams. I think those guys, they're getting after people. Yeah. They're doing a great job. Zach Broun is playing downhill. Kobe Dean has found his footing.


He's been sensational that back end is getting better and better. Blanketship Deon. Keon Mitchell. Keon Mitchell. Yep. Yeah, man. He's, he's, he's, he's good. They, they're good. I like, I like what I'm seeing.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get Up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered in administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking, The all electric Chevy Equinox, EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev Starting at 34,995.


The 2025 Equinox, EV LT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price. You'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev,


Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving, giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day. Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there, if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus, with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah. We've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


Killer. KTNC says, start my own business about six months ago while work, while working a full-time job. Now I'm in a position to leave my job. Any advice y'all can provide for you? Boy and Ocho love y'all. Show Congratulations. Yeah, congrats. Congrats. If you're leaving your, that's what you do. Yeah. If you're leaving Job, I, I hope it's something you're passionate about. I hope it's something that you love. 'cause you, you never wanna leave one thing for something else that you really don't wanna do. Matter. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. If, if, if you leaving your job right now for something that you wanna do, then you won't even need no information or for us to take anything. 'cause you already know what to do. 'cause you already, you, you already passionate about it. But you to start a business, you gotta be passionate about it. You gotta be.


'cause nobody's starting anything that you're not passionate about. Right. But I lo do you know what I love most about what you did? Because I know a guy that kind of did the same thing. You build a business while you was on somebody else's time. Mm. Come on now That what you do, Kelly. Hey, you played it the right way, bro. Hold On. Build your business on somebody else's dime and then when you ready to do your thing, make a clean break. But congratulations man. I'm happy for you much success. Just continue to work hard. Now you do understand you don't have that job to fall back on. So you have to devote all your time, all your energy.


Don't you let people talk about, man, you work too hard or you working on Saturdays and you working on Sunday. You do what is required for you to maximize this opportunity for your business. Yes, we work holidays, we work hard, but we understand that we're our standalone right now. We don't have the luxury of depending on somebody else. And I like it like that. I like it. It is real. Want to give a birthday? Shout out to my wife for three years Essence. Brandy Bolton. December 1st, Sagittarius PS Ocho up. Also number 85 on Forklift Cola, South Carolina Essence.


Happy birthday essence. Brandy Bolton. Happy birthday. Hubby wanted to let you know that he's so proud of you. He's happy you are the joy and the li love of his life. Three years since flown by. And it's all because of you. So essence, Brandy Bolton. Happy birthday Sagittarius season. It is Happy Birthday. Jason Quinone, who win tomorrow, Cleveland or Denver country, the Browns Bronco country, the Brown Bronco country. You won't bet nothing. You won't bet nothing. Jam Jam Winston. Hey, the greatest philosopher that's ever played the game before. Jam Winston has just basically, he basically Muhammad Ali of all time Okay.


When it come to, when it comes to the speeches, Hey Watch, we sack him about seven times. You won't bet nothing. I bet you don't get more than three sacks. We don't get No, no, no, no, no. Listen. First of all, what are we even talking to you? If your team, if your team has not won more than five games, if your team has lost four or five, if your team has lost three in a row, if your team has given up 33 or more points and still lost, we score 33 or both. I don't want you say foot or ball. I don't want you talking about nobody else. Team, don't do that. That's so unbecoming.


So did you have your team won more than five games? Hey, hey, hey. Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill. Because I, I'm already, I'm listening. I'm already, oh man, I'm about to cry again. Damn. So Bronco country with it tomorrow. Casey Tanner said Mahomes fan here the way, the way Burrough looks for Chase and now Hertz. Look for aj. Could y'all give your expertise on why Mahomes doesn't look for D Hawk after the Snap first read?


Does the West Coast playbook play a part? Look, you gotta understand D Hopp is, is, is, is, is getting a little old. He can, D Hopp was never a speedster. He has tremendous hands. Now I understand that. Third down catch, not withstanding, but D Dhop is normally reliable. He doesn't have the speed to get down the field with the consistency that, that say Chase or aj. Yeah. And so, you know, a lot of times they'll probably look the first reader to take the top off. You look at Worthy and you look at Kelsey, but you notice when it gets third, fourth quarter, he starts to look for it.


Now if you, if this was Dhop three, four years ago, absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. He would be looking for it. But Hopp is still, can still make plays. You can win with a D Hopp, he's gonna be reliable. He don't run as well as he used to. It's a little harder for him to get open, but he can make those tough contested catches in a crowd in traffic. He has great hands. So D Hop's gonna be just fine. Anthony May said, oh, quit bull jiving and pull Coach Prime and come to OC because Todd ain't listening and bring Ray to DC and say a prayer for Tucker because he lost no.


Who is he talking about? Coach Prime bring our OC because Todd didn't listen. Bring Ray to be the DC I guess he, I guess he talking about the Ravens. Huh? Man, look, they gonna be all right. They just got, they just gotta, they just gotta get some consistency. Once they get that, they'll be fine. What are the eight and five Now? They got the Browns again. They got the Steelers again. Yeah. That's gonna, who else They got Nice like this? I wish that raindrops would fall.


Oh, they got the Giants. Oh, okay. Giants, Steelers, Texans, Browns. That's the remaining schedule for the Ravens. We gonna win out. Who? The Bengals. I thought you said we gonna lead that long. I would, I'm just saying we gonna finish the season on the right foot. Leading in the, in that momentum gonna carry us in the next season. Y'all ain't got no feet. Y'all don't need no shoes. You don't need to finish on the right. Nothing. Everybody will chop y'all feet off. Y'all ain't got no shoes, man. Don't even worry about it.


Stephen Garcia said Question for you guys. How would the Cowboys look with Coach Dan Campbell? Great leader, strong culture keeps, you can't have that. What's in Detroit, in Dallas? Jerry's not gonna allow it. Yeah. You don't look at, don't look at anybody else's situation. Don't look at Coach Tomlin. Don't look at Andy Reed. Don't look at John Harbaugh. Don't look at Dan Campbell. It ain't happening. 'cause nobody, nobody else is having tours during the course of the week. Nobody else has their owner. What other owner is going on? A a A radio has a radio show. What other owner is talking about the team after the team plays before the coach.


So you have to disregard everything you see about strong culture somewhere else. Trying to implement that in Dallas. 'cause Jerry Jones won't allow it. Mm. That's unfortunate. That's unfortunate for Cowboys fans. It's unfortunate for cowboys players. Everybody deserves so much better. Nate Harper said Unc Ocho, if you could come back and play in your prime and play for any current team, which would you play for Love putting you both on the Eagles NL 2K five. If I could play for who you Coming back to play for ocho? I'm coming back to play for Miami.


Boy, I just, I just, I, I always, I just, I wanna, I wanna know what it's like to play in front of all my homeboys at the city, man and just have a good time. And now I put myself, hypothetically speaking, put myself, put myself in my prime too. Yeah. Put, put me in my prime man. I'm gonna have some fun. And playing in front of all my homeboys that never had the opportunity to leave the state of Florida, man so they could see me playing person and not on tv. I'm playing my homeboy in my prime with Andy in the west Coast and that creativity. Boy, you gonna have A field and that offense. I know that offense. Yeah, you gonna have, Oh boy, you gonna have a field, Dave?


Oh boy. Woo. Yes. That's who I'm playing. That's who I'm playing for ocho. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us as you watch the Buffalo Bills and their stadium. They got one more. It wasn't there what I saw. Hold on. Oh, you just put that up there. It has not, Alan Fletcher said Ugly and Ocho love you guys. It's after midnight and it is finally my birthday. Been with you guys from the beginning. A good way to start my day is watching Nightcap Alan, happy birthday bro. Thank you for the support.


Thank you for being at day one. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. We appreciate all our loyal and faithful listeners and viewers. So thank you very much for being so supportive of Nightcap because without you, there can be no Nightcap. So happy birthday, Alan. It's early, early in the morning. You probably ain't doing anything just yet, but hopefully you have a very safe, happy birthday surrounded by family, friends, and loved ones. Hey, shout out bro. Appreciate you. That's it. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. As you watch the Buffalo Bills beat, the San Francisco 49 of 35 to 10. Josh Allen was spectacular.


James Cook over a 100 yards rushing and Christian McCaffrey, as reported by Kyle Shanahan, believed, believed to have suffered a safe, seasoned injury PCL injury. Mm. We'll see. We'll have more, hopefully there's more details and we can have more of that for you tomorrow episode. After the Monday night football game. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for tuning in, for watching, for listening, retweeting sharing. We thank you for all of that because like I said before, without you, there are no us.


Yeah, please make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in abundance and the holidays are here. So what better way to celebrate the holidays than with a bottle of Shea by La Portier And. if you can't find it, any city or state near you, order it and we'll get it to you please. Drake Responsibly, as you can see on our screen right there, we have the new Nightcap merch. We have a thermal, we have two sweat, sweat tops and bottom. The white and the black. You see that? That shirt that says Nightcap with the, is that a lesser leopard on the front, on the back it says one of my classic slogans, I'm too big of a cat to be played with like a kit. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So that's what's on the back of that T-shirt.


It is a very nice looking T-shirt. As you can see, you can see the Nightcap hats. But I love the thermal, I love the why. We ain't, why ocho? Why we gotta wait to get our stuff like everybody else. I'm Still waiting. Did remember, what did I tell you? Huh? Remember I told you I'm gonna keep wearing the same gray sweatsuit until my stuff come in. You see what I got on right? I see what you got on. I ain't taking it off. Please, please go follow my media company page on all of its platforms that shows she she Media and my clothing company 84. Our newest release dropped last week and because of high demand, there was a glitch in the system, but we got that fixed. Take advantage of our Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Sale items are up to 50% off T-shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off.


And in case that wasn't enough, we want to give back even more. If you spend $200 or more, you'll receive a complimentary hat. All you have to do is make sure your cart is over $200. Add the hat that you want. We're not gonna just send you the hat, add the hat that you want. And at the time of checkout the cart, the hat will be marked as free. All ts and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Shesha and 84 Every everything is in stock. We've also released some stocking stuffers, beanies, coolies and mugs. Yes, we have mugs. Now quantities are limited and this sale only lasts through Cyber Monday.


So make sure you get yours while supplies last. The bills defeat the 49 ERs. 35 to 10. The Eagles defeat the Ravens. 24 to 19 the Steelers beat. The Bengal 44 38 behind the career high passing day from Russell Wilson of 414 yards. Okay, the Texas defeat the Jags 23 to 20. The charges defeat the Falcons. They force Kirk Cousins into four intersections and they go on the road and win 17, 13 bucks. Defeat the Panthers in overtime. 26 23 after a costly fumble set up the Bucks game winning field goal.


The Seahawks were down 21 to seven, but score 19 straight points as they beat the Jets. 26 to 21, the Colts score late and go for two and get the two point conversion by Anthony Richardson as they defeat the Patriots 25 to 21. The Vikings come from 19 to six down to defeat the Cardinals. 2322. That concludes Nightcap. I'm Heath Ocho will see you tomorrow. Yeah, after Monday night Football. And, if you Laugh at me, me for crying tonight. God don't like ugly now And sometime he don't like pretty The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club Soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the Guzo Show a whip around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day. Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there. If approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus, with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try FH com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash Project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.