
Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


A 15.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bitch. You can make UND DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a, a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test, a prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Night Count, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest boos mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp, the number 85, the route runner extraordinaire, the bingo Ring of Fame. Honor the Liberty City legend, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friends, loved ones to do likewise. And please go subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you so much for following us, supporting us and being all things Nightcap.


We greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. I was in Chicago the day before yesterday. Yesterday I was in Hartford today, going to be in Maryland tomorrow. So we're gonna be, if we're not in a city or a state currently near you, we will be coming. But until then, you can order it online. If we're not in a city or a state near you, we'll ship it directly to your door. And guess what? Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Please follow my media company page on all of its platforms. Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. We just dropped our Pro Pro Bowl, our Super Bowl show, show t-shirts and hats.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited and once they're gone they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. And we got a special guest tonight. We've got actor Rome Flynn joining us a little bit later. But first, the bucks beat the Lakers by 2126 to 1 0 6. That's three. Three straight losses. The three teams behind them in the standings are all riding winning streets. Houston, four games, golden State, five games, Minnesota sixth game, big trip tomorrow to end the road trip in Denver, back to back, the Lakers wasted an outstanding, an outstanding performance by Luca Donit. Luca is the youngest Laker to play the luck, the youngest Lakers player to have 45 points, 10 rebounds in a game since 19 62, 0 45.


Magic had, what did magic have in that playoff game, Ash? Was it 42? He might have had 42, but anyway, he's the youngest Laker to have 45 points. 10 rebounds in the game since 1962. The problem tonight, Ojo was yeah, the guys that can score, they don't really go defend very well, Luca, nah and ar guys that can defend can't score the ball. Benny Smith. Yeah, Vanderbilt, that's the issue that you had. The Luca played. Luca and ar played extremely well. Nobody else did much.


And that's the problem that you're gonna have. They got crushed on the magic hat. 42 15. Okay. The Lakers shot 44% from the floor. They allowed the Milwaukee to shoot 48. They shot 38% from the three. They allowed the bunk to shoot 43. Turnover were wasn't that different? Wasn't that vast. 14 for the Lakers. 12 for the bucks. They did get out, rebound by 10 on the offensive blast. But look, and that's the problem that you're gonna have right now. They're scrambling, they're undersized. I, like I said again, and I don't like to beat the dead horse, but I don't know why they signed Alex Lin. It's, he's, he's, I mean he, he big for no reason. I mean, You know what I mean?


Probably God thinking like, man, if I knew you gonna be like this, I wouldn't have gave you all this height. It ain't no sense to you. Hey, ain't no sense to you about he pretty soon he about to be the tallest coach ever. That, that, that's where he headed. That's, that's his next occupation. Don't Joe coaching. You Know? Yeah, I I I don't wanna, I don't wanna talk bad about him. Maybe he just hasn't come to his own yet. Maybe he's lacking a little bit of confidence having that type of size, that type of length. And to be playing in the NBA you have to be of some, some type of use. You know, I haven't seen it yet. It Fell. Put all, Yeah, listen, I I, I know I saw for myself the no Jackson Hayes Knight, no LeBron, no ru I think the game would've been a little bit more competitive.


Obviously if the Lakers score was healthy, obviously Luca did all he could do. But as, as you said, those that score can't play defense and those who play defense, they can't goddamn score. So not having LeBron, his, his, his hurt, I think gonna be like this for the next week or two until he can get himself back, back in health. Luke, Luke gonna have to do his best. Luke gonna have to do his best and, and carry the load as much as he can. And hopefully, You know, the supporting cast can have nights. Those that can score can have nights when they're on and be a little bit more efficient and, and pick up the slack being that LeBron is not there. You look at Luca, they scored 106 points.


Ocho Luca gave you 45. Austin Reed gave you 28. That's 73. They got 30. That's crazy. They got 33 from one, two, everybody. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. The nine other players scored 33 points. Yeah. One guy scored Ken, so that means they got 23 from the other eight. Right. And now you look at, you look at the Bucks, Giannis with a assist away from a triple double 24, 12 and nine. Brooke Lopez 23 Dane 22, Kevin Porter Jr. 22, Gary TR Jr 16. When you get that kind of production, when you get that kind of balance scoring and the scoring is so lopsided on the other side.


Yes sir. Well that's kind of what you're gonna get. You're gonna get a situation where you get blown out. And like we said, we were talking about it at the top, Ocho, those that can score don't defend those that can't, those that can defend can't score. So what do you do? Yeah, you, I mean they would've literally had to play a perfect game. Yeah. Luca and Luca and, and ar give you what they gave you. But other guys were gonna have to knock down shots. I mean, Luca can't play any better. I mean some of the shots that he was hitting, you're like, damn, damn. Yeah. And they got the game within what? Two, three and next thing You know the buck's going to 10. Oh run or 12 run and push it back to 14. Right. The luck Lakers claw it back, they go on 15, 15 2, 15 3 run and push you back out.


And then the Lakers could get no closer than no closer than that. It's just LeBron could not have and it's not his fault. So I don't want people to say, oh she like, you could help but LeBron injury could not have come at a worst time. Ojo. This is, I mean they got, they were playing extremely well and, and then he gets hurt. Now what do you do? And I said this at the time, I do not believe they're gonna be in second place. They're not gonna be in second place. They gotta hold, they can hold this thing off and not get out, get into playing, which is seven through 10 because they got uphill climb. They got the nuggets tomorrow. What They got the nuggets. The nuggets tomorrow. Now Brooke Lopez had 23.


What the hell you think Yolk going to do? Well listen, it don't matter who yolk playing, he gonna get 29 30 each night regardless. He listen, yolk could be playing the goddamn five cycles on the Court. He gonna Score, he gonna get his points no matter what. For some reason I wouldn't be surprised. I wouldn't be surprised as Greg, as good as Denver has been playing all year long and despite the Lakers not having LeBron watch, they shock you tomorrow for some reason. Watch the Lakers shock you tomorrow and just so happened to stumble up on a win. Despite the LeBron not playing. Luca's probably gonna have another good game. Luca needed To go for 70. Luca needed to go for 70 a need to go for 35.


And then the re the other guys need to go for 30. Yep. And You know, don't be surprised it happened. I'm not saying it because because I'm, I'm saying, I'm just saying the way sports goes in general, for some reason it always happens like that they, they've lost three and all of a sudden they, they play Denver. You expecting to lose. Especially those that like, like to gamble. They mess around and win tomorrow night. Watch, I now watch what I 10 Had they not gotten blown out last night by Minnesota. I might've agreed with you Ocho I might've had agreed with you, but because they got blown out at home by Mi by Minnesota, I don't see that happening. Mike Malone have 'em very focused. That left a nasty taste in their mouth.


They know. Yes sir. Without, I mean they let a man go off Junior, you Randall went off and they got beat by almost 20 at on their home court. They'll be fired up. That crowd will be rocking. And if, You know, if you watch this team over the last four to five years, they get up like no other to play the Lakers. Lakers. Yeah. They Get up to play the Lakers. The Lakers are everybody's championship. I mean especially the Nuggets. Some teams you get up to play for like knives used it is Kansas City used to be the Patriots. Everybody played their best when they playing the, the Cowboys. That's what, that's what the Lakers are up against now. And I expect the nuggets to put their best foot forward.


I expect them to play some of their best ball because they're ticked off that they let Minnesota come in there and do what they did to 'em last night. Right. But Oh Man. Yeah, it, it, it is tough. I playing and they were playing so well Ocho the Lincolns had been playing extremely well. Luca and LeBron had started to figure it out. Luca was gonna have the ball in his hand. LeBron was gonna dive and slash to the basket. Gonna get to the post up. He post up at the top of the key post up on the side. Now he can see over the cyst totals were really high. Yeah. 'cause you got two of the best passers in NBA history with the ball in their hands. A large part. Right. Ar takes a little pressure off ar because now your two best defenders gotta guard LeBron and Luca.


So now ar is getting a third or fourth best defender. He's gonna do what he does. So everything really, really started to, to go well. And then just like that. Yeah. And You know it, it is funny ho honestly it's the same thing that happened happened to Dallas. You know, everybody ed the trade, they, they look, they look deep, they look good, they look decent for a little bit. 80 goes down. Okay, we still got Kyrie, we got something to live to live off of. We got some hope. We still got a superstar that can put bus in the seaside. Right. At least get the view attention. He goes down. Damn. Yeah. So the Lakers look like the trade that they had, it was winning.


LeBron playing. Well, Luca playing well they going on the winning streak. Luas showing him flashes of what he used to be. Then he score on 30, he cutting the fool. LeBron cutting the fool. Some of the presses off of him. He don't have to bring the ball up to court. He can, he can play freely, take over a game where he want to. Now he go down. Hey it sports baby. That's what makes the game so beautiful. Yeah. It woo sometimes Ocho you gotta, You know, you gotta laugh to keep from crying. Man. That's a good one right there. Boy. You gotta laugh. That's a one to keep him crying Because You know Who the lake, You know who the Laker can use right now.


Who average, who average a triple double in high school. Nobody. Ain't nobody out there could help the Lakers right now. Boy. You ain't never seen me put the ball on the floor now. I Well you never seen my nicknames game. Huh? You ain't never seen me come off, come off the pick and roll and and pull up. Mm Oh, so you don you could pick and pop Man, I could pick and pop. Well, I could, I I could pick and pop better than the better than the stripper, I tell you. No lie. That's yeah, it's, it's, it's like I said, you look at Houston's playing, well you look at Minnesota's playing well, golden State's playing well since they, since the addition of Jimmy Butler, the Lakers were, and, and as good as those teams were playing, the Lakers were playing better.


But it just so happens sometimes injuries happen at the most inopportune times. And hopefully you have a team that's good enough to overcome that can keep the ship steady until said player comes back or said players come back. But in this case is really one. Yeah, we'd love to get Ruy back. We'd love to get Jackson Hayes back. But the one guy that you could, you could Ill afford to lose is LeBron James. Right? Because he's the guy that does a lot of what kind of like when you got here and Luca, You know, they're gonna give you 50 to 60 points between the two of them. They're gonna give you somewhere between 18 and 20 rebounds between the two of them and they're gonna probably give you 20 assists between the two of them. So you count, you can count on that. Now Officer Reeves gives you what he gives you, which is somewhere between 18 and 20 points between on give on a nightly basis.


Right. Rule chips in and give you his 14. Now whatever we get from Feeney Smith, whatever we get from Gabe Benson, we take it, we know Jackson Hayes gonna roll, go get some, gonna give some, give us some second chance opportunities. We know he's gonna roll to the basket, dive to the basket, catch a couple of LOBs, get a couple, You know, put backs. Right now we don't really have that. We don't have that. Yeah, we don't have a big, we are playing undersized Giannis is just getting whatever he wants, getting to the basket. Brooke Lopez getting off his rebounds, getting whatever he wants. So it was really a tough night. The effort. I, I don't think, I don't think JJ is gonna be really pleased with the effort.


There's a lot of times Kevin Porter Jr. Hit three, I think three straight threes and the, in the third quarter, I mean, I mean wide open shoot around threes can't have that. They gotta they've gotta be better. They gotta be locked in and God's gotta know their responsibility and, and and and and and and close out without filing. And they gotta get the ball. Once the ball go. Your, your job is not done. Once the guy misses the shot. Your job, your job is done once you grab the rebound. Because if he misses the shot, you don't grab the rebound. What have you actually done? It's kind of like, oh Joe, you and I talk about on third down, you get a team to third down. If you can't get 'em off the field, what good is getting 'em to third down, Down I'm nothing could, could listen if they get, if they get a third down and they they Keep doing it, they gonna get the ball in the ends on them.


Yeah. That, that's demoralizing. Yes. That's demoralizing. I'm, It's extremely demoralizing. But Leg has gotta find a way to do something. And I don't know if, like I said, LeBron is probably gonna be out for at least another week. The, probably the earliest you could expect to see LeBron James is probably next weekend and there's a good chance Ocho they could be in the seventh or the eighth spot by the end. They, they really could. Well Listen, unless something drastically happened, like I said, especially starting, starting tomorrow night, they just happened to win. Even though you say our teams get up to play the Lakers, I just have a feeling just with, with understanding of how sports work, regardless of what, regardless of what the sport is, whether it be soccer, whether it be football, whether it be basketball, tennis, where it is just for some reason where things are, when you think about a team that's playing, they're not playing well, they have a star that's gone for some reason, the team always plays well against a team that you just know they're gonna lose to and they just surprise you.


I really have a feeling, I don't know why. So people out there, if you, if you, if you're a gambler, I really would pick the Lakers and win tomorrow despite it being Denver despite what with Joker and, and, and Maria doing. I just think so, yeah, I might be, I might pick the, the Lakers, it was somebody else's money, but if it's my money, I'm not picking the Lakers because I, I value my money a a little bit more than that. With that being said, see, we'll, we'll see what happens. I mean, hey Milwaukee, You know, you gonna get in late tonight to Denver And you gotta, You know, yeah, you gotta shoot around tomorrow and then You know, you go back, get your nap and then hopefully You know, you put your best foot forward and see what happens. But I'm not, I'm not overly confident that they're confident that they're gonna be able to pull this out.


Everything is more expensive now Whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank NA SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


This is Ashley ETT from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Hey Mike. Glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes. To Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No, I thought you did. Oh yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating US restaurants.


Ocho Maverick's owner Patrick Duma defended the Luca trade. Take a listen OCHO to what he had to say. Let me hear this. So tough decisions are never easy and part of leadership is, is looking at risk and looking at all the factors of a decision and being willing to act at that time and look to the long term and not only think about the short term or how it may be, may be received immediately. But to think about the long term benefits and what it may allow you to achieve if given all the right considerations. Man, what, what, what, what are you talking about? Yeah, I know. What are you talking about? No di no disrespect to Pat.


No disrespect. But the long-term move was having Luca there. Now if you are having issues with what he does off the court, there's a simple conversation that needs to be had. That's all you have to do. Listen, we view you as our long-term plan, a long-term asset, the long-term nucleus for our team going into the future. We wanna build around you because we understand how special you are and what you can do for us. You just got us to the NBA finals last year. The previous year based on what you can do on the court. Now you let that go with great understanding. Lucas. Lucas ain't just falling from the tree every, every season. They not just, they're just not happening.


There's really no way you can defend that trade. Now I understand the issues that were happening off the court. Some of the things that didn't, they didn't see fit. That would probably harm him, You know, years down the line. That's a simple conversation, unc, especially when you wanna invest that kind of money that he was going to make. He probably still gotta make it just gonna happen to be somewhere else. Now he don't let a player of that magnitude go that hat, that give you that type of production. You don't because like you said, like you said as well, when is the last time something like this? Has it ever happened before? No, Not what a there's A, this, there's a reason why There's certain players you don't let go of. You think every super, super superstar.


It was perfect behind the scenes. No. You think Covid didn't have issues despite his dedication and discipline and structure when it came to playing? You think Michael Jordan didn't have issues that we don't know about outside of playing the game of basketball? Come on man. Ain't nobody perfect 10 10 when it comes to wanting to invest in it. But understanding what they give you from a business perspective and what they can do on the court long term. Come on man. Stop playing. That, that answer was a whole, a whole bunch of nothing. The problem is that he called it a long term move and Nico Harrison said it was a trade to win. Now move.


I'm looking at it. You just went to the NBA finals, like you said ocho, that's winning now. I'm ju i i'm com I'm confused when you a I can see, okay, we got some ass, but you said you tried to win now bro, you just went to the NBA finals. You just did that. It's not like, it's not like you hadn't made the playoff in a couple years OCHO it's not like you got knocked out in the first round ocho It was a situation. You went to the NBA finals. So that is winning. You are winning that. You didn't win the ultimate prize. But then normally we don't see a team break a team up. And that's what they did because you took the key piece out right after going to an NBA finals, unless said, individual is unhappy.


Right. But because we Luca never voiced that I wanted to be traded. That's what's so surprising. That's why the, that's why the greatest trade Kareem wanted to leave, right? Orlando allowed Shaq to become a free agent and they had a poll and they said, who should they pay? Penny or Shaq? And the poll said they should pay penny. Shaq took that as an insult, as disrespectful, a slap in the face. He says, okay, that's what y'all wanna do. Boom. They also said it was too much money. 'cause I, I forget who it was that had just become the highest paid. And they and, and they something to the, the, the fact that I don't think, they didn't think the, the fans didn't think Shaq deserved that kind of money.


So I don't, guys like Shaq, you don't let them become free agents. You try to extend them as soon as you possibly can, as soon as the window open And you can offer them a max contract And you give it to 'em To 'em. Yeah. A 24-year-old Shaq. And well, we see what happens when he went to, he went to the Lakers. But normally guys like Luca don't get traded unless they asked to get traded. Kareem asked to get traded. Kareem was a three time league. MVP. He was a finals. MVP, he had gone to the finals. He had won the, he had won the scoring title.


He wanted to get outta Milwaukee. They obliged him. Guys this age, this skill, this talented, this dominant. You are not just moving them on your own volition. Right? Doesn't happen. Not at this age. Now it come a time we saw AI get traded, but AI wasn't 25. And Ai AI didn't have to get traded. But You know, the, the organization thought it was in the best interest, thought some, some of the things that were going on off the court and they moved on from ai. But 25-year-old ai, they ain't moving it. Absolutely not. And so I I'm You understand but I understand.


Go Ahead. No, I was just saying you understand the product. You understand the product. I also, that you get into the field. I this, IUI used this scenario last night. American gangster, Denzel Washington Cuban Union Jr. There's nothing wrong with Blue Magic. You got Blue Magic. Why are you touching it? Why are you touching it? There's nothing wrong with it. It's perfectly fine just how it is. The product sells itself. Luca is the product. It sells itself. Why are you, why are you touching it? What what, what are we doing? A player of his magnitude. You know what? All the hookah, all the beer, God damnit, you've been part of the NBA GMs, presidents managers.


You understand. Everybody drink, everybody smoke. Everybody does some things, some extracurricular things outside of that as well. But we ain't trading them especially so about this is for long term. Long term. What? Look, Lucas ain't walking through that door. Nah. And if they, if they, if they were, if Luca, if Lucas was walking through that door, I mean a lot of, a lot of other teams would have success. Yeah. A lot more frequently. Yeah. Luca is not a come on a generational talent. Luca is a transcendent talent because a generation, generation is 20 years. You guys don't come up. Ja, this is transcendent.


He's, he's, he's, and for me, Ocho, If I'm Patrick Dumont, if I'm anybody in Nico Harrison, if I'm anybody in the, in the Mavericks organization, I am not going to talk about this because all you do stirring old poop, it still stinks. Yeah. All you do is peel the scab off a wound. That's, that's still very fresh, but it's starting to scab over. Right. You just ripped the scab off and gotta start this thing all over again. Because all the fans heard is like, man, this man trick. I can't believe this man. And did you hear what he's saying? That's what the fans are thinking. Did you hear what he's saying? He talking about long term goal, man, we just went in and being final last year.


You lying to yourself. You lying to yourself. Yeah. But if I'm them, I'm, I'm done talking about this time, this, this, this subject. Ocho ain't, I ain't, I'm not bringing, I'm not bringing it up no more ojo because I, I can't, there is no listen win. At some point in time you gotta come to the conclusion ojo, there is nothing you can say, even if you weren't to win a title. People like, You know, people gonna say, we coulda won a title with Luca. Who to say, who's to say we won't won that title with Luca Ocho. Yeah. But You know, he won't have to worry about that because they're not gonna be able to win his title.


Ojo the Pain did not stop there for Dallas Southwest Airline after 54 years decided to up there their check bag policy and now they're charging customers by throwing shade at the mouth. It's not like we traded Luca. That's a good one. That's a great one. That's A good one. Great business is all about advertising, Marketing. How do we grasp, how do we grasp the viewing eye and make them say, oh, that was good. You know what? I wanna fly with them despite them changing the policy and finally having to pay for bags. That was so clever. I'm finna fly with Southwest just because, I mean, I'm not changing, You know, my, my my, my love for Spirit Air Spirit Airlines.


But that was the good one. That was great advertising. I don't know who came up with that even. It was short, quick and to the point. Perfect scenario. 'cause the thing is Ocho is that, You know, there are certain things that are catchy like the State Farm, like flow with progressive, like All State with mayhem Like Budweiser. Yeah, yeah. Bud. Why? You know what I'm saying? The Clydesdale remember the Clydesdale commercial with the, the horses and the dogs and so forth and so on. Yeah, that's what he wanted to be. Hey, I don't know who that Allstate, the Mayhem commercials. Well, but, but he's classic. I I don't know who's behind the creative Right.


Directed on, but he is that's classic, right? Oh, that, that's Jake from State Farm made him from All State flow from progressive. That's synonymous really. We, I mean, very good. I don't know what, what flow's gonna do. Hey, you remember the, when when's this commercial with grandma? Where's the beef? Yeah. Remember that? Yeah. So in this situation right here, I mean, look, this is maybe over time because eventually, You know, 20, 30 years from now, people won't remember No Milwaukee traded Kareem. You don't remember that. People think Kareem played his whole career at la. He didn't.


Right. He didn't. It happens. Yeah. It, it, it, it, it definitely, it it happens. And You know, it's like, and he was homegrown. We took a, we took a young kid out of Slovenia, not extremely terribly athletic. He doesn't jump very high. He doesn't run very fast. He doesn't run very fast. All I know he puts the ball in the basket at an elite level. He has the third highest scoring average in NBA history only behind Michael Jordan. Wilt Chamberlain and it's Luca Dage. History. History. He has the second highest scoring average in playoff history behind one.


Michael Jordan. They're not gonna forget that soon. Over time, You know, we forget a lot of stuff over time. Yeah. That's just the way the human mind is after a while. But it ain't happening anytime soon. Nah. And because anything that he does, You know, people gonna go back and plus we got internet. Maybe it'd been different if Kareem came up in an era where you had internet And you had 24 hour news cycles and people talk sports all the time. 24 hours a day, 365 maybe it'll be different. Right. But sports is different now than what it was back then.


NOO it's vast, vastly different because the way we cover it, the way we talk about it, the way we consume it. Yes sir. And with all that being said, people gonna be mad in Dallas about at the Maverick for a long ass time. For, for Wow. So and He he not gonna make it no easier on, on his end playing the way he's playing. No. When LeBron will come back and they continue to have success together on the court, it's going to always be brought up over and over and over and over. This is who they traded. Hey, but don't let that, don't, don't let, don't lose sight of that. I understand y'all didn't trade Luca, but y'all charging for check bags now.


So let, let's, let's, let's, let's keep the focus on the focus. I get it. It's very ca catchy. It's not like we traded Luca, but y'all charging money for those bags. And I remember when they first instituted charging for check bags Ocho Yeah. I was like, man, everybody like that ain't gonna last long. That ain't gonna last long. People gonna stop flying. Okay, well how you gonna get from California to Florida? How you gonna get from New York, South Carolina? Yeah, exactly. Won't fly. You ain't gonna drive. I Knew that. Hell nah. So, and guess, guess what, what normally happens is that when one airline does something, what does everybody else do? O Joe follow Right behind. Follow right behind. Because you got, you got to, you gotta make it up for a reason.


They, they, they charge you for check bags for a reason. You got to make money. This is a business no matter how you see it And think about the money, because think about it, Ocho they give you one and then they charge you. If the bag is over a certain weight, they charge you. What a how much is the a dollar pound? For real? Yeah. Hell yeah. I, I I do, I do my best. I do my best regardless of how long I'm going somewhere to always take a carry on. I take a carry on and a duffle. I, I try not to take suitcases. I try to do the same thing. But sometimes, okay, when you're traveling, when you're travel in eight cities in 10 days, sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.


Hold on, wait a minute, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Now listen, you can always use my method. A method I've been using for a very long time. It's very, it's it's cost efficient and it works going from city to city. Now, if you got, what, how many days? You said eight cities in 10 days. Now, if you got eight cities in 10 days, what you have to understand is all you have to do is take three pair of shoes, use the same outfit, have a bunch of underwear, tank tops and t-shirts. Always changed, but use the same outfit but change it shoes after each city because the outfit resets itself. So if you're in Chicago on Monday And you gotta go the got, you got go to say, let's say LA on Tuesday, all you do is wear the same outfit but change your shoes and the outfit resets itself based on a different location.


I'm trying to figure so that, that Stage package multiple outfits now thinks just something I do and, and then, and still do to this day. Especially when you have to do things back to back to back And you having to do signings and appearances for La Porter. Okay, well help me understand. You think I, that's just me. You think I wear shorts and tank top in Connecticut and Caif in Chicago right now. Hey. Oh, all you need, all you need is a little jacket. You could put a little jacket in your duffle real quick. Boom. You good old hoodie. You ain't, you don't need much. You used to the cold You played in Denver. You played in Baltimore. Boy, that was 20 years ago. I I'm, I'm just trying to save you on, on your traveling expenses. Not only your expenses, but being able to travel efficient and light.


Yeah. Two pair of tools, same sweatsuit. Matter of fact you have a black, a black sweatsuit and a gray one And you could, those are interchangeable And you just change the shoes. A pair of white Air Force ones and a pair of Black ones. I got white Air Force ones and that's it. It go with everything. See that? See the outfits? That's why the outfits, I don't know, they probably stand up in the corner by themselves when I take 'em off. I ain't, Hey listen, it it, it worked. It works though. It it, it works. It works. Yeah, It works. I, I I hate going to, I I just wanna come out the airport and hop right into the car and I'm off. I I don't wanna stand around. Baggage your claim and I mean, look, fan, I wanna say this.


If you see a person standing around baggage claim, don't ask them what they're doing. If I see you standing around baggage claim, what do you think? I think you're doing. Don't, Joe, Waiting on my bag. What do you doing here? Yeah, I, I can't. I came get some crab cakes. They just, they just trying to start a little conversation. Really Not knowing, You know, Hey, hey, How you doing man? I be watching Nightcap, man. You Oh, y'all be going crazy man. Y'all be going hell on that thing. I love that show. You know? I love it, bro. Don't come on now. Some people would be nervous. Huh?


You gotta understand that people be nervous. Oh Lord. That Mercy I told you, the dude asked me. I was in the s script. Man, what you doing here? Same thing you doing here. Look at that. Hoo-ha. Now what I'm doing here. That's what you doing here. What the hell, what, what you think I doing? Ain't no mask, no, this morning event going on. Right, right, right, right, right, right. So you, you were there for the hoo-ha and the wings, huh? No, Go on bro. You right. Yeah, man. Hey yeah man. Hey man, y'all, man, I've been watching you with tv, bro. This not the time you, you, you, you try to describe me right Now. Hey, hey. Read the room. Yeah, man, honey on the stage bro.


I ain't trying to hear nothing about no TD honey. I'm looking at honey right now. That what I'm looking at. Ooh. Amber, Amber up next. I'm coming to the stage one, Stage three devastation. Yeah, honey Love. And you ain't never seen devastation? No. You ain't never seen a devastation. Yeah, it's one, it's one named Devastation boy. She known Worldwide. Mm. Chocolate. They called it Caramel. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lexus. Yeah, Mercedes. Mercedes. Oh, that's throw back.


That's Throw back. Hey, some of y'all need to be called. You go. But that's okay. We get at, that's what we gonna talk about that another dead time. Tcho,


This is Ashley Inet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost say this podcast, you could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independence studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The Spurs prank, rookie Stepan Castle this week by taking the wheels off his car. Look at this ocho. That's a Benz He look like. Yeah, man. They got the man thing on block. Oh man. They, they ain't, they ain't even put no blocks up Underneath it. Nope. Oh that. Oh, that hurt. That hurt. Hey listen, as, as a rookie, that that's expected too, Too far. Just far enough. Nah, that's good. That's good. That's light. That's light. That's real light.


That's real light. Just taking the wheels off the car. Obviously they, they, they going, they going get 'em put back on. Is a SRA being an being an NBA player? What was that? A what? A Toyota Supra. I ain't even know they made those anymore. They still made those, They came back. Okay. Okay. Yeah, the toast tuck up super dope. Yeah, they but when I was, when I was coming up, that was, that was little sports car. That was, that was nice. Yeah. Put your little exhaust on that thing. How that thing h me Say they call you little fast and furious. Yeah. Hey, that's not that bad. That's not that bad. Did y'all prank y'all rookies? No. I, I was prank my rookie. I think, I think I might've told you where I, I made a mistake and left my windows down the night they decided to prank and they used a firefighting extinguisher, fire extinguisher.


They was, I was called to wake up to the fine, my whole car all white. Yeah. But them not knowing it was nighttime when they did it. Obviously when everybody was asleep, my windows was cracked on both sides. So the entirety of my car was all white on the inside. Hmm. And I had my Lexus IS 300. And if anyone that drives a Lexus or had a Lexus understands that the seats were what, swayed or stuff like that. I forgot the material. So everything was ruined. Mm. I I, I didn't get mad. I, I didn't get upset because I understood this is what comes with it. And I was just so happy to be in the NFL at that point as a rookie man. I wasn't even tripping. Took it to the detail. I had lo the detail as I never forget. We was in training camp all the way in Georgetown, Kentucky to the detail.


Listen, if y'all can get it out, fine. If you can't, I ain't tripping. I made it. I'm here it. Yeah. And eh, to, to the best way they could. Yeah. That's what they could. I, I never forget. I wasn't even upset though. Yeah. It was funny. It was funny to me. Yeah, we, I mean, You know, obviously you gotta prank the rookies. That's, that's a ride of passage. So Yeah. We probably steal your car. Do a, a let the fire extinguisher. I mean, what we would do, we would pull rubbing alcohol up under the door and then set it on fire. Whoa. What? Wait, What? Yeah, you won. Come. Oh, you won't come out.


You know what I'm saying? You won. You, you won't come out. Okay. We'll smoke you out. Right. Or we'll take the knock the pee hole. You know you got a pee hole. 'cause it was a college dorm. We would knock the pee hole out and let the fire extinguisher up in there. You don come out, we get you to come out on you. Then we go down through, dump the water on you, catch you come out. That's funny. That's good. We put Toothpaste over. We put toothpaste. We take toothpaste and put it on your door handle. So You know, whole truth, you coming out for training camp, you just turn around and grab your door, handle all you hear. Right. Ain't nobody did this, but sharp. He make me sick, bro. I be my room. Ain't Nobody did it, but Sharp. Ain't nobody did it, but sharp, sharp man. You played your bro. Or we go into the, we go into the dining hall ocho, we take all the salt and pepper and we put it on.


So you pour some salt, all the salt go into your meal Now. Hey, now that would piss me off. Don't, don't, don't play with my food now You play with ojo. That's your food. You, I didn't do that. I'm, I'm just saying listen, the card, the wheels, that, that's fine. But not my food. Not my meal. I gotta eat. Especially when you're hungry, especially in camp, You know, when you, when it is time to go eat. Oh, when you hungry you hear me? Yeah. You hungry. Now don't, don't do Mia like that, that, that, that would, that would hurt. I mean Oh, that's fine. We used to take the car. I, I mean I told the dude, I told the dude truck, he had an explorer, drove it, drove it like a mile away, left it running lights on, doors open, beginning to practice.


So it was like five minutes. So he ain't got enough time to go get it. Right. He just watch up there for two hours. He just watch it and them lights getting dimmer and dimmer. Yeah. And dimmer and better Down dimmer and dimmer. I ain't do it. I'm just saying I know who did do it. I just saying I don't, I, like I said, I don't know if the statute of limitations is up on such a crime. Right. But I'm just saying I know people that would do such a thing like that. Not that I did it because I was probably like, bro, ain't nobody did it. But Sean. I'm like, bro, how did I do it? And I'm right here with you. It is. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I I just want y'all to know Chad, I had no part of that.


Now part did I see something? Yeah, but you ain't no, you ain't A snitch. But I don't work for Arapaho Police Department, so it's not my job and I'm not Detective Mullins of Force 48. It ain't my job to investigate it. So with that being said, I don't say it. I don't know to tell it. Yeah, I understand. I understand. I understand. Wow. Bill Belichick is telling UNC staff to copy his 24-year-old girlfriend, Jordan Hudson in every message intended for him from Coach Belichick Monday, December 16th, 2024, 11:00 PM to blah, blah, blah.


You see what it is. Robbie, thank you for the email. I'm including Jordan on this email so she can keep up with our postings. Can you include her on anything you send me? Thank you bb That's how the bad thing is. I, Lemme ask you a question. When somebody said stuff from you, did you include on everything that was sent to you, did you in include? I'm just asking. Yes. No. Why you shaking your thumb like you the kimbo? I just to make sure I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I wasn't trying to hear that. You know, somebody, Well, you asking me is it a good or bad thing? I'm asking you On, on certain things.


On certain things. He Say, hold on, let me go back. Let me go back. Can you conclude on anything you send me? Oh, I'm gonna pose this again to one Ochocinco. At any point in time did you request that everything that was sent to you was copied to your girlfriend or significant other is a simple yes or simple? No. Nah. Work. Work related. Work related. Yes. I, hold on, lemme read this again. You, you ain't him. He said thank No, no, no. I, I, I heard. Thank you for the email. I'm including Jordan on this email so she can keep up with our postings. Can you include Oh, Okay. Nah, no.


Oh, for me, I, I listen based on the question to keep things for thin context, anything work related, the small team that I do have, that individual is included to make sure I stay on top of my stuff because sometimes I forget certain things. You know, the, the scheduling, what time my flight is, my boarding pass, just small stuff. So I stay on top of it. And that individual keeps me ahead of schedule. That's all. Yeah. But everything, no, Absolutely not. Bill Belichick, ask this UNC staff to copy his girlfriend on every email they send to him. Yeah. I I I have a question. Huh. With as much as Bill has to worry about the, would you think that's a good thing in, in general, so he could focus on the football side of things and anything outside of that she can help and kind of kind of keep him abreast on the what's going On?


That's their relationship to each his own. Oh, yeah. I, I, I don't know. Right. For the most part. Yeah. I, I, I can see it ocho I do see it because a lot of stuff that shell gets copied on because Shelly is the one that has my, has my schedule. Bingo. There you go. The problem that we was running into, okay, I've gotta do something for ESPN. I might have something scheduled for Nightcap, but then it overlap, club shake. She Mm. And so now with, so now everything, we gotta copy. Okay, blah, blah, blah. We got a potential sit down on Club Sheha on this date.


Shelly, this is not gonna work. Shannon has this already scheduled on this date. Can we move it back a day or move it up a day? So I I get it, I get it. I, I, I, I do get it. At first I was like, damn, everything. But yeah, for the most part, Shelly is looped in and she looped in on every, everything because he said copy her on everything. Everything. She, she looped in. Shelly's looped in on the most important stuff. Yeah, yeah. Well here's thing Bill is doing. Here's the thing, bill doing All the heavy lifting. How about this old Joe? Huh? Shelly is the email. You can't email me. So it's gotta be, it's gotta go through Shelly. That's a good one.


I like this to Ocho. I'm looped in. Yeah, that's a good one. Oh, But this is Ocho. The difference is like a lot of people that have executive assistants, you looped them in, blah, blah, blah. She not his a sister. There's a difference between the two. I don't think, I think Coach Belichick has an assistant. I don't think it's her. Mm. He has a girlfriend. It's this young lady, Jordan. Too different. Yeah. At any point in time was No, no, there wasn't no emails going.


'cause when Shelly was getting the emails, she wasn't then forwarding 'em on to someone else saying, well, take a look. No, no. Right. So no, I, like I said, an assistant. Yes. Girlfriend. Unless girlfriend is an assistant that's handling all that time. Bingo. You hear what you just said? Yeah. How do you eliminate one expense? How do you eliminate one expense That expense Carol, North Carolina Tar Heels are paying for? That's an expense. He doesn't need to because the tar heels paying for it. I'm, I'm talking about me. We talking about me, huh? Oh yeah, we talking about me. Yeah. I'm Talking about the mid. Not only are the misses, but you're also the assistant. You're the one giving me, listen, when you, when you, when you find a woman anyway in general that actually care about you.


Nope. She, she brings that structure and discipline that you need and keep you keep your ass in line anyway. Why not? Your girlfriend should be your assistant anyway. You think so? Yeah. It make, it makes sense. Yeah. But a lot of times OCHO didn't like what, What, what? That it is part of the value that she adds to even being attached to you. True. I agree. Help And Lie. But a lot of times, Ocho they's like, I wanna stay in this lane. Yeah. I wanna stay over here. Ocho, I'm gonna talk to me. Now. You can have somebody to hold head to do that bad. Because I don't want to get the lines blurred.


Mm. I get it. I do. I get it. Yeah, I do. I get it. Yeah. But hey, when you're love Ocho, we all been there now. Don't play. We been there. Talk to me. Hold on. Hold on. We, where you going with this? Now? Talk to me. I We been there where we tell the girl everything, every move, I'm going here, I'm going there. I'm meet, I'm meeting Chauncey, I'm meeting Doug, I'm going to hang with tj. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do X, Y, and Z. You tell everything. There was a time period. There might not be, it might've been a month, it might've been two months, it might've been six months.


It might've been a year. But you told everything. Hey, You know, You know, you do that. You do, you do. At the beginning when thing, You know when things are going well. Yeah. But You know, obviously sometimes an individual loses those privileges. No, no. You know, I ain't trying to be funny. I, I'm, I'm just being honest with you. I know You ain't trying to be funny. No. Yeah. Listen, sometimes a person loses those privileges to know your every move. So I understand what you're saying. But in love, listen, love. There's a thin line between being in love and being stupid. And I never crossed that line over, over to being stupid. Ever, ever.


But hey, coach Belichick of love, man. When you do love, they say love is like a cataract. It's blinding. Oh. Now when they say Ocho, I, I, I Don't know. I, I, I ain't never had no cataracts. I know they do have Lasik surgery though. I know that. Alright, now it's time to rec to welcome our special guest. He's appearing in season four, godfather of Harlem on M gm, MGM. He's been on How to Get Away With Murder. The Bold and the beautiful Dear white people, Chicago Fire with Love and Madea Family. Funeral. Funeral. Take us get now time to welcome Rome. Fled Rome What?


Duke what's, What's going On? I doing bro. What's up baby? I'm go say shy. What's the word? Man? Man, we good. We good. Tell us about the Godfather of Harlem. How did you come about getting that role? Yeah, You know, I auditioned for it. So I got the script and sort of the breakdown and I was like, Frank Lucas, You know, young Frank. I was like, okay, let me do some research. And I didn't think they actually were gonna rock with me for it. 'cause You know, a lot of times I don't get casted in those gritty roles like that. But, You know, our creator, Chris Brodo, he, like, he just saw something in my tape and he was just like, you were, you were the guy right away. I was like, okay.


So, You know, we, we did it. I got to work with Forrest and filmed for about five months on that five and a half months. And it's, You know, we almost, here it comes out April, you saw Denzel, you saw the Denzel portrayal of Frank Lucas, an American gangster. Did you lean into that? Or you trying to go a totally different way since I gotta put my own spin on it. Yeah. I'm, I'm just, I I'm inspired by him regardless. You know, I didn't draw any inspiration from his portrayal of, of Frank at all because he plays him at, at a point in his life where he's already the man, You know? Right. I, I play a young Frank who, who now touches down in Harlem in 1966 with nothing. Okay. Just to back. Right.


So we get to kind of know the conception of like who Frank was in the beginning and, and we take him on a little journey to ultimately who he does become. You know, this version of Frank Lucas that, You know, Denzel played in the, in the movie Best Live. Hey, when, when it comes to acting right, obviously we all, we all pull motivation from, from, from people that we see and we want to achieve the type of greatness they have. Who were some actors that you watched that made you realize, You know what, I can actually do this early on. You know, one of my favorites was Will Smith and, You know, will was that guy? 'cause he was, he was able to have just this comedic timing about him and Right.


You know, with Fresh Prince and, but he has so many like, heavy scenes in that, in that series. Also, more notable, probably you, you probably know if you've seen it, is like, You know, where his dad leaves him, You know, and he's Oh, he was crying. Yeah. So that, that scene always stuck out to me because for, for whatever reason, when I was younger, I, I never thought about acting or anything, You know, until I became an adult. But when I thought about like Will's career, I was like, man, this guy can do everything. He's kinda like a Swiss Army knife, You know? So like, if, if I'm lucky enough to have a career with that kind of longevity, with the amazing stories that he's been able to tell, then, You know, I've done a done an amazing job For real. Yeah. When it, when it comes to also acting, I mean, I really never put my foot into it.


I've just sm done small cameos. Do you think having range, being able to play multiple roles plays a part in having longevity as an actor And you can do much more as opposed to just being always doing the same type, being cast as the same different role in movies? I don't think, I don't think so. I think if you're good at what you do right, there'll always be a lane for you. You know, it's always good to kind of reinvent yourself. I, You know, two chance, one of my homies, he, he always told me this, like, you have to look at yourself as a business. Like you have to reinvent yourself every couple of years. And it is the same thing with acting like we, we have a certain itch. I think most actors that I know has this itch they wanna scratch. And, and that's just the journey of getting opportunities to play different characters.


You know, whether it's comedic or it's drama or whatever. But some guys just figure it out like, yo, this is my lane. I'm gonna stick to it. You know? Right. The rock. The rock. He's, he's great at what he does. You know, he's one, he was once one of the most paid, You know, actors in Hollywood and it, it wasn't like he was out there doing Shakespeare, You know what I mean? He was doing his thing and he did it well. Right. And so if you carve out your niche and, And you great at it, then You know, I think it's just about building on that. And then when you, when you're ready, you get opportunity then. Right. You try to try to stretch a little more and do different stuff.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with Future Health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Rome, you won the celebrity All Star game. MVP Were you good in sports when you were growing up? Did you wanna be a sport? Have you played sports? What sport did you play? And did you want to be a professional athlete? I never had dreams of playing professionally. I always knew how handicapped I was at height wise, You know what I'm saying? You know, but I, I played football in high school and I played basketball and I didn't get good at basketball until I was like a senior in high school. Okay. So I never got the glory, You know, I wasn't the guy who was, who was starting every game. I was at the end of the bench a lot of times. And so, You know what I mean? I had to work my way. Yeah. And, and, and now I'm a bucket. I'm like that now. You know what I'm saying? Oh, You a bucket? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, I like that.


Yeah. Yeah. No, it was dope playing, doing what the NBA thing was, was a dream come true. We Need to, we need to get you with Gilly because Gilly say HEB bucket. He say they call him Damon Gillard. So I I know. You know, I, I saw that. You know, I like I I like you. I like you. He can't, he can't guard me though. He Gil Gilly. Oh, Gilly. You See? I like that. You see Gil? I like that Gilly. I just want you to know. Yeah. Did you hear what Rome said? You can't see him on that court. I like that. That's what he, he just said, Hey, Bring you on the wood. Good money on the wood. Good. Put on, put, put on. Put a little price to it, huh?


Yeah. Put a little price to it. Gi what you trying to do? You can put it on Aou. Set that up. 50,000. Yeah. We gonna make that happen. Thousand. The man say money on the wood is good. I like money outta Sight. Cause a fight. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. Ro That's what I'm talking about. Gilly. What you trying to do? Mm. Hey, you gotta play, You know the Allstar game is in LA next year. Oh, it's, Yeah, Clippers. Clippers is, That's right into it. Wow. Wow. I I I'll be there. Go ahead Ocho. Go Ocho. Say, say Rome. Is there a dream role or character you wanna play?


Like I, I have a dream role. Hey, listen, I'm not into act. Listen, I love acting. I love the craft itself. Yeah. I love arts, drama, theater, all that. Obviously I was, I was a drama major. Matter of fact, speaking of, I'm going to see Denzel. I'm in New York right now. Okay. Yel. I'm gonna see Othello Saturday. That's gonna be the, but I've always wanted to act beside Daniel Day Lewis. I would never get the opportunity. I'm just saying a dream. I mean, it's, it's, it's so far. Yeah. It's, it's stretch out the imagination. It would never happen. But just, I love day of day Lewis. I love everything he's ever done. Yeah. Well, he retired, had a, he retired for a little. He retired. He ain't really doing nothing no more. He, he got one film he has coming out. His son is directing it. Yeah. You know, he kinda came outta retirement to do that.


Right. But you, is there a green roll or character that you wanna play? Superhero man. Superhero For real. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I won't represent like, man, just like a, a reimagined version of like what a superhero is. You know? And there's a lot of stuff floating around. But I've always wanted to be able to do a, do a film or like a series where I, You know, I actually, I, You know, in raising Dionne I had Powers. Right. So I was kind of like a superhero in that. But I'm thinking more globally. I'm thinking more Marvel. I'm thinking more DC I need, I need one of them kind of. Right. One of that kind of gig. Big Boys working towards, You know, I'm in that gym. I'm in there lifting like sha sharp man.


Well, lemme ask you this. You say you wanna play a, like a superhero. Who's your favorite superhero? I mean, Batman was always that guy for me. He ain't got no power. Wrong. He got, I know he got no power, but he just had, He can't, he can't see, he can't hear. He got that belt, take that belt off. He get his ass whooped. He, he gotta be smart now. He smart. You know? Nah, he was my favorite growing up though. Superman. You know, it made me eventually ready for a black Superman. I'm ready to step in there, man. Right. I got us any, honestly, like, I always just felt like if I got the opportunity to play like a version of a Spider-Man would be dope.


You know what I Right. You know, in the multiverse, there's so many of them. Maybe I'm, maybe I can be one of them ones, You know, Man, You know a, the guy that plays Spider-Man, they really, they tiny, tiny Poy McGuire. What's the, what's the, you're dating Zendaya now. What's his name? Tom Holland. Tom Holland. Yeah. Man, them guys tiny bro. You be a big Yeah, Little they little. You be gonna be a big ass Spiderman. But look though, and them multiverse, they all different. Okay. You know what I mean? Like, I might get a swollen one. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I little bigger. We'll see. Hey, I, I have, I have one more. I'm, I'm nosy on, You know, I love, I love acting.


So I got, I got nothing. I gotta, I'm, I'm just, I'm gonna name off five of my favorite actors. Right. And I, I want you name all five. Five yours. So my five is Denzel Edward Norton, Christoph Waltz. Yeah, James McAvoy. And probably last I go with Anthony Hopkins. Not just, just five of mine. That very rangey player. You know what, add Daniel Day Lewis to that as well. This. Who would your five be right off the top of your head? Well, I would say this, I love your list, but I would've probably added a woman or two in there. Oh, me, Meryl Streep, Viola Street. Meryl Street. Claire Clare. DI would add a little color in there Like Viola.


I, I love Viola. What about Claire Dines? Did you, yeah. Did you see Temple Grandin? Did you see Tim Grandin by any chance? Seen it. Wait, we, we, we'll talk about that later. Get a chance. Okay. Watch Claire Dane and Temple Grand. And, and you'll get a understanding why. One of my favorites the show, obviously for me, You know, my top five kind of is like a, the door of of actors. I try to, I try to like stay away from the cliches. Like obviously I'm a huge fan of Denzel. Like he's on everybody, You know, met probably on everybody's list. Yes. Don. I like Don. That's really underrated.


Samuel Jackson. I mean his, his resume is like impeccable. He's up there. He's one of the greats. He one of the greats. If you actually look at the range and like the things do, like, can you do, it's hard to do Snakes on the plane. Gotta understand how hard that movie Star Wars Is Probably for him to do. Kill you, Don Everything man. Trying to kill I think Hateful eight. What? That one on? Oh, post fiction. What's that? That mo Spike Lee movie. Jungle Fever Jungle. You Know what Problem didn't land stand For you? Yeah. Remember Lake de Terrace?


Oh yeah. Yeah. What was it about? He, he would, he was just giving them neighbors. Hell, he cutting down their trees and putting the spotlight on them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you now he needs some more. He need to get his flowers show. They never gave, I don't even know if he's ever been nominated for an Oscar, but if he didn't win it for DJ go, he ain't winning it for some of the roles that he played a time to Kill. They ain't finna give it to him now. Yeah. He was cooking. He was cooking that. It seems to me that you like guys with Range. For me, I love Tom Hanks ran Dr. Yin Yang, a guy that he's no longer with us. Robin Williams had incredible range. Absolutely. Very good. Great. Yeah.


The women, I love Viola Davis, obviously the redhead. What's the, what's the red, What's the Redhead lady name? Hey, Bland Ron. What's the redhead On? Julie? Julianne Moore. Julianne Moore. Julia Roberts. No, no, no. Julianne Moore. Robert. I ain't familiar. I'm thinking of like Amy Adams. Yeah, I know Amy Adams. Ash. What's the, she won an Academy Award. Julianne Moores gotta be her name. Julianne Moore. Yeah. Oh, Julian Redhead. Yeah, man, she won a couple Academy Awards. She's incredible. She's incredible.


You know, I got to work. I gotta work with Viola Odyssey for real. Two and half on, on How to Get, Man, you get that. You Well, if you win a ego, you got the, you ain't no, you got Range. An Emmy, a Grammy, a Oscar and a Tony. You can sing, you can dance, you can act. Oh. Oh, that silence. That's Silence It. The Lamb Hannibal, man. No, No, that's Jody Foster. Jody Foster. No. Yeah, Jody. She was in silence. Yeah. Wait, she's in one of 'em. She was, she was in a movie. She was, yeah. She's in Hannibal, huh?


Yeah. Hannibal Hannibal Hannible. That's, That's Clarice. She Clarice. Oh yeah, yeah. In the reboot. Yeah. Because if I, if I'm not mistaken, I think Silence of the Lamb is after Hannibal. Hannibal was first, but they released Silas of the Lambs first. Right. If I'm not mistaken, I, I, I can't remember. I just know that's Clarice. You know who done work my man? No Touch a old man. One of them Tie. Oh, you buddy buddy was, he didn't talk. Yeah, well he talked, but he, he was just like a man of few words in That when he talking too Late, but Dune as well. Yeah. It was too late.


You from Spring, are you from Springfield, Illinois. So that means, are you a Bulls embarrassed fan? Cubs, white Sox are, are you or have you like, kinda like graduate moved on? 'cause y'all guys been terrible for a while. No, Yeah, I was born, I was actually born in Chicago. I was, I was, I was growing up in Chicago and then I moved to Springfield and I actually went to the same high school as I Oh really? So he, he's he's much older than me though, but, and we, we never even met, which is crazy. But, but yeah. You know, Springfield is kind of a small town, but it, it's, it's oddly like a place where a lot of people come out of creatively for some reason. But I, I was a, I was a, a Bears fan, You know, when D Rose was the, was the man you mean Bulls fan?


You Know, I I got to see Mike when I though Yeah. I mean Bulls fan. Yeah. You know, when, when D Rose was the man, You know, I always wanted to play in D Roses, You know, that even got hurt. And then shortly after that, You know, it was just me and Brian. He had, You know what I'm saying? Anyway, me And You know, so I'm a LeBron fan now. Wherever he at, that's What I'm talking about. You know. Now Springfield, the most famous alum from Springfield is Abraham Lincoln. Yeah. Facts. So what was the, I mean, do people, I mean what, what is it like, I mean we talk about obviously one of the great presidents, what he meant for American history, his place in American history. Did, did you understand what Abraham Lincoln was outside of being a president?


Did you understand what it meant for that little small, you said it's a very small town in Illinois. Did you understand what he meant it at the time when you were growing up? Yeah, You know, they, they have like the statue, the statue of him that's like near the library in the town. And so I would always ride my bike. I see. I used to always see it all the time, but it never crossed my mind what it meant or it was important or anything. You know, when you get older, then you look back And you like, wow, that's actually dope. You know that, that's a part of our history there. What about Your bears? Caleb Williams, they've done a great job. They've got them offensive line. They're gonna protect him now they got weapons, You know, they drafted Roman Dunes. Eight Rome. Do, you don't hear very many Romes first name, but there's Roman dudes got, we got Rome Flynn, you got DJ Moore.


We don't know the situation. You got Cole committed the wide receiver. We don't know if they're gonna bring Keenan Allen back, but they should be better. What is your expectation for the Bears this season? Well, I think, You know, Caleb showed that it with enough time he can be accurate. He was one of the most accurate co accurate quarterbacks last season. So they sure up that o line. Obviously they got my guy from, from the Chiefs. I'm a Chiefs fan too. I just, I, I like, I'm more, yeah, yeah, I, I'm more of like a, a player guy. I like certain players in here, but they showed up that O line. I think hopefully they get in the draft And you can find something. But it's great when you can trade outside of the draft and, and be able to find something instead of like having to look in the draft, You know?


But I think Caleb is gonna be a lot more comfortable, You know, obviously has a, he has a new head coach who, who's incredible, You know, for the Lions. And I just think, You know, he, he, he gonna be in a better place and he'll be able to be the best version of himself. Especially if he has a little more time behind that old line. You Got special project coming up. Anything you wanna share? You talk, you wanna pro promote? Yeah, yeah. Yes, for sure. I got, so I, I got a show called Quest. Okay. That's on Apple tv that comes about March 26th. And You know, obviously Godfather of Harlem is April 13th. And, and oh, so, and Shannon, You know, I, I got, I'm, I'm a gift. Y'all a, a year subscription for M GM plus for both of y'all mix.


I like that. I like that, that What's it, listen, I don't mean to be greedy. I know you already offered me something, but also listen, if you got a chance and got a role for me, I'm always looking to diversify my portfolio. I I got, I got my, my little foot in the door when it comes to little acting, I got my SAG card. So man, let You know I'm very range The only sag You know wrong. Okay, Listen, I can, the only SAG he got is his pants off his ass. That's the only SAG he got. Nah, nah, Nah. Listen to me. Wrong, wrong. Listen to me. Listen. I could bes Shakespeare. Oh, I could. I, oh, I, I could, I could be Frank Lucas or I could be Pablo Escobar. I can't even talk Spanish. It's so many different variables. What I can do in front of camera. Come On bitch, man here.


I believe me, I like, I like Oto because whatever he feel ambitious about, he going do it even I feel like it's not something he should be doing in there. Thank you man. I saw you like you ain't creating no challenge. I like that about, You know, I'm gonna be believing in me, man. Believe he just trying to keep you humble. You got like that your life, man. I believe he got on, he got on that, he got on that, that bull for all of 1.2 0.35. So that, that jokes from cooking. Hey, I got one more Thing. Y I'm gonna say though, I'm gonna you one, one more thing for before, before y'all gimme up outta here. Right? So, You know, a lot, lot being said, right? It could be in Denver, it could be at dinner, it can be in September, Nigga in inside.


That what I'm talking about. That what I talking about. Y'all see what it's inside. Roll please. Thank you. Thank you for joining us. Classic. God's Classic. Oh man, godfather Harlem. Yeah. Look, I watch y'all all the time. Appreciate Yourself, appreciate check out on the Godfather season four godfather of Harlem on MGM plus Rome. Congratulations. Thanks for all the blessings that's coming your way, bro. Thank you for joining us on Nightcap Tonight. We greatly appreciate it, continued success. We'll see you down the road, My man. Appreciate Hey, that, that was classic. That was a classic ending. That was classic Man Ocho I I was telling you last night, man, you don't realize how many people, that's what, Hey, oh, just hold up five fingers.


It It's funny Ocho 'cause you really don't know what's gonna go viral. What's going, what's gonna, You know, people gonna be catchy and what people gonna pick up on. Yeah. And it's gone. It don't, it don't matter now. It don't matter. OCHO and I see people down. I mean, I think ESPN posting, they got like 10 million things views on, on, on TikTok. That's KC K-C-U-F-C five. Man, that was unbelievable man. It was great man. That's Rome Flynn. Make sure y'all check out Godfather of Harlem on MGM Plus, he's been on How To Get Away With Murder.


The Bold and the Beautiful. He wanted Emmett for this. Dear White People, Chicago Fire with Love, Madea Family Funeral. Oh man, that was great. The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, L pto winner and six time Lady J Pizza winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We All have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris and iHeart Women's Sports Production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.