
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy.


Hey, Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job.


Thanks. This is John. Miko from Three and Out with John, Miko, Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sports book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm a role sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex role? Sparks can help Sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections. Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready. Normal waiting for that pill to kick in. Plus, Rose Sparks stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get around, hey, woo. You get hard without waiting. With Rose Sparks, guys can get more confidence in being more satisfaction for their partners and more control when it's sexy time. RO connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor if approved treatment shifts directly to the door to find out if prescription for Ro Sparks are right for you. Connect with a provider at ro.co/nightcap url. That's RO dot seal slash nightcap. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA approved. For full safety information, visit ro.co/info.


This is a segment I've been waiting for right here, Joe. A segment. Yeah, it's it's, it's called. We've been waiting for this segment all night. You remember what we could talk about? Nah, nah, it's a segment. Okay. Roast Sparks is a game changer in the bedroom. It's a fast acting ed treatment that dissolves under your tongue, getting you hard in your 50. Damn. Who wrote that? Ash getting you hard in 15 minutes. Lasted up to 36 hours. 36 hours. 36 day and a half. That's real There. I have Like for real. Hey, I tell you what, Ocho, if I would've passed away, they can't code the casket.


Casket gonna have a sunroof on it. I Do. Y'all better cream. Maybe that's a good one. Don't let nobody, don't let nobody see me like this. Don't let him see me like this. Libby. And just for our attendees, Roy is offering an exclusive $30 off the first order, which you can get by scanning the QR code. You see that? Y'all see them? Y'all see that fire? Y'all see that fire on there? Shut up. Where my phone at? Hey. Oh. Oh, the pier is red.


Yeah. Five. No five from a mocho. I'm finna order me. 1 36 Hours. 36. Well you know how much damage you could do for 36 hours. I do know. Do you know how much damage I've done? Bad please. I like, but anyway. Okay then lemme finish now. QR code scan around the venue. Ro wants to help couples have great sex. And sometimes that means using Ro Sparks. But other times that means asking your partner the right questions, which is exactly what we'll be doing. Playing a little game called Sex or Next. So ladies, Ocho and I want to know, what do you do to turn your man on?


So if you have some sexy ideas, step up to the mic and we'll grade those ideas. We'll say Sex or Next. So ladies, line up at the mic down there, a single fo line. And don't Be shy And give us some of your best ideas. Don't be shy. All right lady. Come on with it. Come on now. Don't be scared now. Is anybody out there? God dang ladies. They, they Bougie. How y'all don't do nothing? Ah, Bad. That's why I can't move to Houston. You See? They, they bougie. They Bougie. They Bougie. Come on, Come on down here. There's the mic right there. Come on. She coming. Just, just one idea.


Little idea. Anything I could take home? No, I ain't about, I'm talking about her. Come on, come on down here. What, what's your name? What's your name? Claudia. Claudia, okay. Come on Claudia. I'll take him out Lobster. Oh Lord. How mercy. Oh That's a good one. 'cause you know what comes with lobster? What? Condoms. What you think Ocho, Sex or Next? Next. Next, Next. Alright, come on. Come on ladies. I know y'all do something. Don't be shy. Why y'all so shy? And? we don't judge it. There's no judge here. Ain't nobody even here.


I mean, There you go. Come on. I know she gonna come with it. I know she got a, I like, I already know. I already know. I already know. Okay, so what works for me and my house? Right, Right, right. I get out the shower. Nothing on, but some cheek list panties. Okay. Okay. Dim the lights put on my little sexy playlist and he is ready for Me. Okay. She said she get out, she get out the shower, right? Shower after the shower up. Right, right. Panties. I mean, the panties on me. She basically just the real rim chi, chi lists Chi.


Yeah. Yeah. Just the rim. Just the rim. So it's something real nice to look at. Yeah. Right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Sex, sex, sex, sex. Yeah. I like that. I like that. I like that babe. You get, you get a band. Give a band. I need my bottle. Come on. All right, all right, all right. Okay. What's up? Oh, oh, oh. We got another one coming today. We got another one coming. We got another one coming. Excuse me. Okay. Okay. Okay, ma'am, what's your name? My name is Sharelle. Rosado. Okay.


Hold on. But, but we beefing That ain't got nothing to do with what she about to say. Y'all gonna be beefing tomorrow. But she about to tell this, ma'am, go ahead. Well, Chad likes to play video games and you know, he like to toss the salad. Woo. Our joke. That was, that was just a running joke. Now she ain't no Running joke. Nah, it Was, it was for the joke. Well, she ain't running. She ain't joking now. Okay, go ahead. Re tell us Mo. So I went to the sex store and I bought some butt plugs and Time out.


Who you plugging? Who she plugging? She ain't plugging me. Ocho, hold up. Wait, hold. Close your ears close Ocho let her tell the story. She acting like A plumber. Ocho Thank you. Go ahead ma'am. And you know, to get his attention, I, you know, did a little thing, put the butt plug in and went and start twerking in front of Him. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I I, I, I remember that. I remember that. The, I remember that, that was about two years ago. So I'm gonna do it again tonight.


Would you? Yeah, She said she brought, she brought her bag. She brought her bag with her because she know it was going down. Sir. What? She's not touching me. Okay. We got another one. You got one more? Okay. Up top. Hold on. Up top. Up top. Okay ma'am, if you don't mind your name, First of, first of all, I don't know how I'm supposed to top that. Like, Oh, I'm sure you got something in.


My name is Mariah. Hey, Mariah. Oh, you're Mariah. Thank you. So I'm a chef and so I, I think about tech. Oh, all right. We got, okay. Foodies in the building. I think about textures and stuff. So for me, I think about getting a nice warm cup of tea and that transition between warm and body temperature and enveloping something in that experience between the warm tea. And I need a little bit more details. I need a little bit. I li I, We grown up here.


You had to be 21 to get here. I need eight. So come on with it. Come On. Now. I need you to color within the lines. No, we need to go outside the lime. So you know, you, you know, tea is a certain temperature, but you, you know, yes. You gotta have the, the bag to extract the flavor. Right? Right. It's, but you gotta have the flavor and then you have the, the hotness and then you, and then you transition and then you maybe have a ice cold cup of water. Yeah. Next. Next.


Damn. Really? Okay, Next ma'am, I'm Sorry. Okay, We got one down here tomorrow. Ma'am, step up to the mic. My name is CIA Renee. Hold on, hold on, hold on. What's your name again? CIA Renee. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry. I don't know if this a little ratchet. No, No Ratchet. I'm ratcheted. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm ratchet. I'm ratchet too Because me and my little baby back there, I'm just saying, you know, we like to get nasty. Right, right. And like it gets real spontaneous know. Come on. So wherever we at, whenever or however he want it, if he raise my hand up, you know I know to bend over for him a little bit.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know, and it's anyone everywhere. Like if he say, hey, gimme some head right now. Right in the back of y'all. Well say it, say it, Say it right now. Gotta get nasty. Your man. Just saying That, That man, pay all them bills, lemme tell you something. And whenever and however he want it. Wherever, Well, Anywhere that's Come here, come on. That's her man. I'm gonna get to come, Come On daddy. I'm about, I'm about get, I'm about to get his n win myself. Yeah.


She say whenever, wherever. Yeah. He knows That's that Maxwell song. We never well or high ever. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well you gotta a widow. Well you, You the real deal. What? Hey you, you on Instagrams? Yes sir. Hey, send me a dm. How you got her like that? It's a H time thing man. That Hey. Hey, That right here. Hey Ocho right there. That's a winner for the ding-A-Ling dinner boy. You good. You got, don't you let her go. Oh, okay. No, he ain't let you go.


Yeah. Why? Dang Ocho. You heard what she said? I ain't never heard that before. Ocho. I ain't never heard that before. She said if he raise her hand he can get it. He said she said wherever. When, however how Where? Oh site. I ain't never heard that. Oh sorry. I ain't never, I ain't never heard that. I ain't never heard that. Just what? What's up Twin before You go? I grew up on a farm. I was in four H, I went to the county fair and I done been to the Serengeti. I ain't never heard no shit like that. God Though, sis you gotta give us some good top that now.


Oh, okay. We up top. We up top. Oh, they got you. It's On. Yeah. Hey y'all. Hey, how you doing? What's your name ma'am? My name, treasure. That's your, that's your people with you? Yeah, That's my man. Okay, come On with it then. Okay. So me personally, I love, I'm more of a touchy feely, so Right, right. I start off with a massage, you know? Ooh, turn him around on his back, get the oil, rubber, the lotion down and then I'll turn him around, you know, we naked of course. Okay. Right. Turn him around, start at the chest, go to the neck, you know, get him feeling good. Okay. And then start giving him head off rip. So start going stupid. And then while I'm doing that, put a little arch and then start twerking so he can see it.


You feel me? Yeah. And it's up from there. I got a visual myself. I'm just thinking about it. Hey, I'm gonna be honest. I just got that last night. So now look, now look, my name is Deontay by the way. Okay. Deontay. Just so you can know. So she gave it from a female's perspective. I'm gonna give something that I had to like counteract with after she did all that. 'cause I wasn't finna get treated like that. You had me fucked up. I'm just Okay now Ocho I know you the type of person like me that this might work for you on. You too. I got the grip socks on. Right. I got listen, listen, I got the grip socks on right now. Where you, where you getting them from? Oh, listen, I, I got, I got kids, I got boys. They like to go to these little jump world.


So they, they make about socks. You stole the people's socks? No, no. I bought these, I bought These. Okay. They was like 3 99 up there. You can get 'em man. Anytime you want. Okay. Okay. How they work? They work. Lemme tell you like this. Now, after she just did what she did. I ain't gonna lie, she handled a business. Right. But like you said, they got us fucked up. Up. Yeah, they got us fucked up. Your so what I did was you take her, put her on the edge of the bed, right? Hmm. Edge of the bed. I got straight grip now at the bottom of Yeah. You can't feel on the Floor. You locked in. You locked in? I'm Locked in. Yeah. I'm holding at the bottom. You know, ass hanging off the bed just A little Bit. Just enough. Just A little bit. Yeah, just enough now. Oh, so this might be more your thing Right?


More than Unc thing. But we here. Yeah. So once you got it up under there Yes sir. Legs are sticking up. Right. Whoa, take that big toe, put it in your mouth. Right, Right. Put it in your mouth. Right. Put it in there. Right. I'm A real one. I'm I'm gonna keep it real. Yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm with you. Yeah. So you take that big toe. Yeah. Put it in the mouth. Right. You don't, you don't, you don't do it like a, like any a thumb. Right. Keep it there for a second. Caress it. Yes sir. At the same time, by the time you down there in his death, it, depending on how tall he is and how long he is at the same time as well. Right, right. And you just start moving man. Yeah. By the time you get to moving, I guarantee you I, it's waterworks every time I That I'm back.


I'm back. You back Waterworks Coming time, Mr. Part. You missed The part about sucking the toes. Yeah, I, yeah. Yeah. I had to do something. I gotta call, I got important call at the take. But go ahead. I'm back for the water work. But listen, once you, once that toe in there and you moving already, you penetrating in that toe. Right. Give it about a good 30 seconds. If you're doing it right, by the time you come out, you'll be soaking wet on the stomach. I'm telling you now. I like that. Hey, you got Instagrams? Yes I do, sir. Send me the instructions. Oh, I got you. Hey, I got you. I don't need instructions. Send me the socks. Oh, hey. Hey. I do You want better? You gimme the bite. I eat the socks.


What's up? Okay, last but not least, lady. Come on. Step to the mic. Oh. Oh man. Hey, that was funny. What's your name ma'am? My name is Asia. Asia. Asia? Yeah. Asia. What out? Twin. Okay, Asia. Come on, come on with it. Now. Hey, the last two been unbelievable. Do you laugh? Don't mean No, No, I I got you. I Got you. But you got me. Okay, I got You. So, so when I'm, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on now. Hold on. So when I'm in a mood, I'm going drink me some wine already.


Taylor port. You know you need only one. Who? You want that Taylor Bowl? You want that? What's that Taylor? That's that wine that Know about Taylor. Okay. I don't drink. I'm sorry. Okay. So I need about one and a half glasses of about, of, of that. Okay. I'm from Tampa, so we like slow down music. Okay. So after my glass of wine, I start talking nasty to em. Ooh. Right. Wait, what, what, what you what you be saying? What you be saying? I just, I, I'm direct so I'll just be like I wanna suck your dick. That's it. Straight Up. Go ahead. Go ahead. And the thing, the thing, if you really enjoying sucking dick, you don't have to hawk to, you don't have to do that.


It is gonna be dripping already. Okay. Okay. Hold on. Your mouth be watered like you might to play the Oxtails. Yes. That's Watering wanted it. So I like slowed down music. 'cause we, I'm from Tampa, so Yes. Slowed down music slow. He knew, he know to turn it on. Woo. He's sitting on the couch. Oh. I pull it out, put it in my mouth already. You Say he was sitting on the couch? He's sitting on the couch. He's sitting On the couch like this. He's sitting on the couch. I'll take it out. Yeah, I'll put it in my mouth. It's already dripping, dripping down the balls to the thighs. Everything.


Panties to the side. I jumped right on it Right there. Right on the couch. On the spot. On the couch. On the couch. You ain't lay down no towel? No nothing. Raw. Raw. I like that. Raw. Raw. I like that. Just saying I like that. And then, and Then, oh, it's more and then, Yes. What else you doing? And then, Nah, I, I like it from the back. So take me over the couch. He'll take it over the couch. Right. And finish it there. Okay. Oh, couch Over the couch. So you don't wanna come over on our couch. I'm just saying hey. Right.


Where at? Here. Here where? Here. That man beat you and spell it. And he going home to this. That's my man. I'm gonna stick beside him. Hey boy. Y'all shout out boy man. Ah, God damn. Getting old. Woo. Hey Ocho. What my dog have? Boy, you send that to my Instagrams shoot. I want, Hey, I want them socks.


Oh yeah, he gonna see me A pair of Socks. Oh that was good. What? It's too bad. I ain't gonna use it till November. Nah, no re, re re says she ready. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't doing nothing. Hey, hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from the Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Make this new school year an opportunity for your kids to learn important life skills with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save and invest and spend wisely while parents keep an eye on kids' money habits. Greenlight also helps families get into their ball routine with a chores feature that lets parents assign chores and pay kids allowance when they check them off. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car? Is it, the moment I got it, I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoying myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices, you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. We'll start with the Big 10. And I would like to start with this thought for you Drew. There are 18 teams in the Big 10. Okay? Do you think we can get an agreement but amongst these conferences to have the number next to their team conference be the number of teams in. Here's my suggestion. The Big 10 is allowed to be the big 18 and then the Big 12 just has to pick something else like Happy League. One of 'em used a Roman numeral one used Nuer 18. No Big 12 first of all. 'cause they're worse. They just have to pick something else. You know, I don't know God's plan. I don't care. I would love to watch the God's Plan championship. I don't care what it is, but I do not like that. Neither the Big 10 nor the 12 Big 12 have the correct number next their teams. That's confusing. Children would look at that and go, this is stupid. So I think they need to change it. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Blind Stock Com's Labor Day Mega Sale starts now. Take the labor out of shopping for custom window treatments and make upgrading your home easy and affordable. Don't miss out on up to 50% off right now@blinds.com. blinds.com is the better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing and free shipping. No showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home blinds dot com's. Design experts can help you make the perfect choices with free virtual consultations. Plus they'll send samples right to your door fast and free blinds.com can even handle the measure and installation for you. Unlimited window treatments installed for one low cost since 1996. Customers have trusted blinds.com to cover over 25 million windows all backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Take the labor out of upgrading your home with blinds dot com's Labor Day mega sale happening now. Save up to 50% plus premium door busters up to 50% off@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


All right, we got a very special, we got a very special guest, very, very special guest. We weren't sure he is gonna be able to make it, but he said, you know what, big homie, I got you. Let's give it up for the biggest boss you ever saw. Mr. Rick. Ross Ross Coming on Madman man. Me, me, me and Ross. We got, we man. Oh dog, we got a song together. We got a little album coming out. Little ep, I can't, I hope y'all ain't doing it tonight. He probably, you are right. He probably on them Lemon Pepper.


I repeat all the real niggas worldwide. Salute. Salute.


So short. Damn. I don't want go damn. Gotta budget for damn. What's that? What's happening? What's that? What's happening? What they do? What Shit. Let me hold something bro. Shit, you know, let hold so boy You can't. Yes, I'm proud of y'all man. Y'all make some noise for these two right here man. Boy, we appreciate you stopping by. Know you got a business schedule. I follow you. I see what you got going on businessman.


It's always business And for you to take time out to Grace Ocho. And I much respect. It's too easy. Tell us about the book. You got a book called The Perfect Day to Boss Up. What made you write a book And the title? It was only Right. Every Day is a perfect opportunity to go to that next level. Straight up and down perfect day to write a book. Another collaboration New York Time bestseller with my brother Neil Belkin. You know what I mean? And it was just about taking it to that next level and make it clear as possible for that next generation of entrepreneurs. Just so they know. Yo it, this is realistic, extremely realistic.


I had you on the podcast, you were one of my first guests on Club Shesha and you was telling the story how you was always a hustler that you would aid for a little extra money, you was washing cars, but for a little extra money, a I'm gonna rearrange your cassettes, I'm gonna put them things in there in alphabetical orders, all this, I'm gonna do all this stuff. You always had the entrepreneur skill. You always had the ability to, to foresight to see like, you know what, the homies gonna like this. That's what it's all about. Take it to that next level. Whatever you got going on, whoever your business partner saw, surprise them. Take 'em to that next level. You see, I got my brand up here, I want to try yours as well.


But that's what it's all about. I got my homie Jeremy Slippery soap, he in here tonight. So it's just all about always sharing that platform with my team. And that's what we do. We all see the progress. We all grow. You look back a decade later, God damn, that's dope. Listen, you gotta Think. Well we go, well we go way back by. We go way back. Way back. So I'm trying to think, when I think about artists today, how important do you think it is for them to build their brand the way you have outside of the music industry. But the thing is, you had the success to be able to do it through music, which made the transition that much easier, right?


So how do you answer that question? It's one thing about building a brand, but you gotta be good at the first part. That is your profession. Right? Right. Well we all gotta accept and be realistic about it. It's like going to the league. Everybody won't make it to the Hall of Fame. You being an artist, everybody may not know how to go out and really become that product or sell products. It's a lot of huge artists that could sell records. But the young kids don't want to dress like 'em. So they can't sell clothes, they can't sell shoes. Nigga won't even wear they socks. You know what I'm saying? So everybody can't do everything.


But what you do want to make clear is the opportunities that are out there. So if you are a young athlete, you know what I mean? It's the NIL the game changing right now. But it's all about making sure you understand you are a business, you the CEO of your life and every day you wake up, you run it just like you would want to run your business Though. How I'm, how do you stay motivated bruh? After all these years? You got everything. Everything. And I follow you on Instagrams. You constantly though, constantly, always doing something new. What motivates you after you've accomplished so much?


I'm gonna keep it real. It ain't, it ain't about a dollar sign. It ain't about a dollar sign. Even though I feel like Rose deserve whatever it is he want. And ain't nothing wrong with you feeling like that. 'cause you gotta go get it though. You understand? You know? Yeah. You gotta go get it. I'm a huge dreamer. I dream of things that I never, you know, never fathom. But guess what? It's so much more to go, whoever. Imagine in your mid forties or wherever you at you under the dig. Damn we really just, we really just beginning the paper, really just coming, the experience really just kicking in. Now it's time to apply all that and let's go to that next level.


So I'm, I'm really, I'm still motivated. I really am. Obviously when you get to this level, there was some failures, there was some non successes. That's why I told just non-success at the time. Not Many though. How did like you getting knocked down, getting back up and says, okay, this didn't work, but the next thing's gonna work Because I, I know how to accept certain things. I said this on my story this morning. Just because you may not have achieved or accomplished what you set out to accomplish, it doesn't necessarily mean you failed. You know what I mean? Sometimes you just gotta redirect shit, reapply certain things and then the shit could pop off for you.


So you going to take Ls in the game. Anybody who think they gonna go shoot straight to the mountaintop and not take no losses, you got it fucked up. 'cause that's going to happen. And believe it or not, we talking realistically in life, our biggest challenges have yet to come. So you better have your mind. Right. You did, Man Ross, y'all had this, y'all had This summer going crazy. Yeah, we did. What? What? I thought all y'all was like cool. I'm gonna be honest on some rap shit. It was no conspiracies. Rose name was said Rose, I'm gonna jump off the porch.


That's what I did. When they call Rose you Coming? Yeah, yeah. You, you, you I'm gonna jump off the porch and I'm gonna have some fun. And that's what I did. I had some fun. How you feel about the current state of hip hop right now? You know, I just feel like it's a lot of dope shit being made. You know what I mean? We'll see where it go as far as I ain't talking. No, no, no, no, no, no, no controversy type shit. I'm just talking music. Right. You know what I mean? It's some dope shit being made. You know what I mean? We know the era I came up in. We know the ones who inspired me always give 'em they flowers and there's some youngsters that's really hustling right now.


I want to see 'em take it to that next level though. Because being successful making music is one thing, but really marketing yourself and making yourself a fucking iconic worldwide, global giant. Making yourself a resource because that's what a lot of these youngsters have potential to do. That's what I want to see them do. Do you always have that ambition to like, yes, music is my entry, but I'm go, I see, I see myself as more that a musician. I see myself as an entrepreneur. I see myself as owning businesses outside of the music. Because Ross, everybody knows you as as Rose. Right? But your biggest entities ain't got nothing to do with music Facts.


That's without a doubt. Yeah. Shout out to that lemon pepper man. You Know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? But, but I always had a certain level of ambition I did. Even when I couldn't dress good. I knew once my paper was right, I'm gonna be fly. I'm gonna be a fly fat nigga watching. You know what I'm saying? That was just always in me. Right. And so, and and that's just, that's how it gotta go. You know what I'm saying? Every day I wake up, let's man, let's apply this shit. Let's apply this shit. You know what I mean? You want to be a boss, make sure you the best boss there is. Have some understanding. Make sure you communicating every week. Let's reiterate what the priorities are.


You can't give nobody no room to, to, nah, nah, nah, let's stay focused. This how we gotta do it. And that's what it is. So I knew once I had the opportunity, soon as they let me in the motherfucking door, I'm gonna go crazy. How do you determine who you respond to and who you don't? Because obviously me, I'm in this space now and you get people taking potshots at you. Right? But how does raw stay like, okay, I'll respond to this, I'm gonna let that stuff go. How do, how do you determine what you, Is it, is it something to gain for you? Okay. Somebody wake up and hate on Shaa. Shaa hate on Ocho. I mean let's sit back. Okay, Let's sit back because not responding is a response when you a boss.


Mm. Ah. You heard he said Ocho. Yeah, because I ain't even responding bro. I ain't responding to real shit. You know what I'm saying? Motherfucker might wake you up early in the morning and text you some bullshit. Hey man, man, get on that goddamn story and don't even drag. That is a response. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, yo, to get a response from me, it has to be something really for me to gain. If you just a mark who woke up and want to say the biggest boss name 'cause you like my sneakers or something homie, that's, Hey man, calm down nigga. See you soon. You know what I'm saying? Tell us about Bumble.


Yeah. Bumble rum. Bumble rum. This the fastest moving bumble in the game. Make sure y'all check this out man. What made you decide to get into the spirit game? Really it was just me being in the club. It only makes sense if I'm in the club every night or if I'm in the club three, four times a week, it only makes sense. I'm enjoying myself from having something to drink. And I find myself in New York City one night I got a big record, DJ Clue turned me on to Luke Bellaire. I woke up the next morning and said, what was that in that black bottle? I need some more of that. And that was just the beginning of me really. I met Brett Barish and really just, I just started repping.


Everywhere I went, I wanted it with me. And that was just the beginning of the relationship. Of all the songs you've made, you collab with some of the greatest artists of our generation. Do you have a favorite song that you've, that you've created? I could tell you my favorite, my favorite verse. What's your favorite? Definitely the boot dress. Dere. And my favorite song is Amsterdam, but I wanna hear from the horse. Yeah, Those are timeless. Those are timeless. Yeah. I'm Gonna Favorite, the reason, the reason why for me it's so hard to choose a favorite verse or a favorite record is because at certain times I'm in certain vibes.


I may wake up one morning and I'm turned all the way up and I want to hear John. Or it might be something that's just speeding running through my mind. Or it might be one of those mornings I wake up and it's, you know, damn, it's a Santorini grease type of vibe. You know what I mean? So it, it is just, it depends on what the vibe is. You know? It's like getting dressed some days you want your shit, you know what I mean? Some days it's another five 50. I I, I interviewed Callen and I talked to Callen and he said when he was coming up with this, this, this song that you Wayne Ho and I forget who else was on it, I think who else was on it?


Yeah. He said he didn't let anybody else hear anybody else's voice. So you just, you did your thing. Weeds did his thing. Ho did his thing. Facts. When you jump on a beat, Ross, do you hear a beat? Okay. Obviously they let you play the, they let you hear it as you listening. Are you formulate like, I'm gonna go here, I'm gonna go there Boo soon as soon as soon as I hear it, I already know what I what need to be done. I'm a, now it's just how am I going to do it and execute it? Present it Because you know who own it. You know, Ross, I didn't you Oh, that's right. You didn't know. I didn't know. But if, you know, let's, let's say that you, somebody offer you to do a feature, right?


And so you know who's gonna be on it. Like, okay, they tell you, okay Ross, we got you, we got X, we got Z. You know you gotta go hard because they going hard 'cause boss on It. Right, right, right. They going they hardest. Yeah. Yeah. So it, it, it most definitely when you hear whoever the collaborator is or if they already on the record, it most definitely a affects how you approach certain vibes. You know what I mean? But when I like when Callis sent the record, don't tell nobody. It's cool. I I did my verse. He may have had it back in the next hour. What? Yeah. Yeah. That's how we work. Yeah. That's how we work.


Yeah. Hey, you know you heard me, you ain't know me and me, me. No. We got a song. I like to hear him. That's a fact. No, I, No, that's a fact. We we got A song. He really came to the studio, pulled up to the studio and he really laid down his boss. That's real Boss. You should have charged him 10,000 an hour to keep him at your studio. Now when it dropped and you want, when it dropped And we go quadruple platinum. Don't be trying to old I believed in you. Nah, don't. Nah, don't y'all. Yeah. I'm like that on the mic, man. Nah, still look, everybody know you do great work.


My favorite song from you have and always will be Every day I'm hustling. Ooh Man, that, that means so Much. That's my anthem. It means so much. Still to this day, to me, I come out on the stage wherever I'm at. I just left overseas halfway across the world that every day I'm hustling. Come on that touch and resonate with all the real, it don't matter where you from, what color you are, you gotta go get it. 'cause these streets in life, this shit don't care nothing about you. Mm. Yeah. You grew up and you obviously you have close to people and I think the hardest thing is, is that when you have someone that's been around you when you weren't rose, when you wasn't a boss, how do you determine who gets to remain in rose's life if they're not adding anything to Rose's life?


With me, it ain't always about what you adding. Okay. To me. You know what I mean? Because everybody may not necessarily bring nothing to the table. But were you genuine when it wasn't nothing on the table? Okay. Were you there when it wasn't nothing on the table? You know what I mean? Yeah. So everybody may not bring nothing to the table, but that's not how we going to judge your value. We going, we going to judge that on the, the the genuine love. 'cause it could be a motherfucker that really care about you more than anybody and ain't got shit to give you. You don't cut them off for nothing.


With everything that you've done, with everything that you've accomplished. What could possibly be next that you haven't touched already? What's next? I Got a long list motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and I'm just keeping it real. The list. It is long and it's gonna stay long. Let's, let's stay motivated, let's stay busy, let's keep moving, let's keep hustling. You ain't gonna win all the time. But let's keep going because like I said, rose, I jumped out here. I didn't sign to no huge, you know, I ain't have no big team or producers that nah, we did this shit one record at a time, one album at a time, one play at a time.


And. we done ran laps around motherfuckers. That's what's up. Straight up Music. When is Rose going back in the studio? When can we expect the next album? I'm Back in the studio right now. And you gonna have a new album from the boss in December, baby? Yeah. Yeah. We be here, we've been in the studio bitch. Fuck y'all Thought we Out here. Is there, is there anybody that you wanna tell us that's on the album or you wanna keep that low key for the time being OO Joe? I'ma, I'ma I'm gonna give it all to you at the end of the year, you know what I mean? Yeah. I'm most definitely we cooking up, you know what I'm saying? Shout out to my homies out in Houston, big Tony Sauce Walker. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We just did a couple records in the last few days, so I'm just, I'm working with all the rooms.


Anything else? I ran the questions. Rosa Bra for you to be before for you to come back here. You just got back overseas and when we reached out to you, you says, I'm not gonna be able to make the Miami show, but I'll definitely catch you guys in Houston. Bro, that means the world to us because you didn't have to do it. You had the perfect Ali. I mean, it wasn't even excuse bro. I'm gonna be out of the country, but I will come back just for you guys and for this man to show up here in Houston today after coming back overseas. Give him a round applause. You just go to show you the love that this man has. And he, you know, I talk to him and I, I don't bother, I don't bother much.


I know he's on his thing, but hey, sometime he, he'll hit me up and say, Hey big bro, I just love what you're doing. Keep up the great work. Hey, stay, stay focused. Come. He's like more folks trying to get you off your trying to get you off your place. But stay focused bro. I appreciate that. That means a lot. Y'all know who it is. The biggest boss you ever saw, Ricky Rose. Don't forget we dropping in December. Fuck y'all thought nigga. We out here for sad hope. What's up? We be at tonight, wherever you at. Hey, Hold on. I'm finna hit these streets for Ross. Here it is.


Rick Ross the perfect day to boss up New York Times bestseller. Go out and get your copy Autographed that's exclusively autographed Already. Bamboo. Woo Rum. Woo Wingstop. Woo. If you haven't seen it next year, the car show car show's always in June, right? Yeah, sure. Always. June, make sure you shake out the promised land. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Come ride The horses with me. Rick Ross, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you bro.


Love you bro. I got you. That's my dog.


Hey, hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine, healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


This is John OV from Three and out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is that the moment I got it, I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoying myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices, you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to highrise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to kni x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nick.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life-changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com


Blinds dot com's. Labor Day mega Sale starts now. Take the labor out of shopping for custom window treatments and make upgrading your home easy and affordable. Don't miss out on up to 50% off right now@blinds.com. blinds.com is the better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing and free shipping. No showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home blinds dot coms. Design experts can help you make the perfect choices with free virtual consultations. Plus they'll send samples right to your door fast and free blinds.com can even handle the measure and installation for you. Unlimited window treatments installed for one low cost since 1996. Customers have trusted blinds.com to cover over 25 million windows all backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Take the labor out of upgrading your home with blinds dot com's Labor Day mega sale happening now. Save up to 50% plus premium doorbusters up to 50% off@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


This is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, They will find the one again and again, the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about One of a kind street where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course, your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay. You'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag And the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion, eBay things people love.


Alright guys, the next guy that's coming to the stage is a Houston rap legend. Hold on. Oh, I gotta, I gotta use the bathroom. Oh boy. You got, you got Kenny's like an old person. I got a ppe. Go ahead. Alright, I'm sorry. Lord have mercy. You see this? See what I go through this? He ain't got no mic on. He go. You good? You know, you good? That's it. I'm filling in for my homie Chad Ocho Secret. Okay. That's what's up. What's Up? What's up everybody? What's up Houston? What's good? Did you fly in for this or are you here now?


I I'm here, I'm local. My daughter's at Prairie View. Okay. She's going into baby. No. Yeah, so my daughter's, she's going into her junior, junior year. So I'm, I'm here just to support her last couple of years. So, so yeah, Bro, you've been in LA for two? I'm I'm still in la. Okay. I'm still in, I'm, I wouldn't say back and forth coastal, but I, yeah, I'm back and forth. Right. So what is Teo doing now? Man, I'm just being a dad man. My son, he was with the Niners. He broke his hand, so he's not outta the way, he, he still has a chance. So he's healing up right now. Right.


So yeah, so I've just been working out training with him prior to pro day and draft and all that good stuff. So he got signed with the Niners. He was doing really well, right. Playing really better than some of the draft picks that they had. So broke his hand like a couple of weeks ago. So now he just has to heal up and then possibly be brought back onto the, to the practice squad, possibly be like, man, right. Maybe around week two, three or what have you. What's it like? You played the game in an extremely high level. Obviously we want the best for our kids, but we don't necessarily push them in a direction that we want 'em to go because you've had your career, you've lived your life. Now I want my son to live here. What is it like to see your son follow in your footsteps, go to the team that drafted you and is doing well?


Man, it was, it's, it's eerily similar in a lot of ways. He started late, he didn't start till like maybe his 11th, 11th, 11th grade year in high school. Went to Bishop O'Dowd in California, Northern California. And just like my daughter, I mean obviously they know who I am as they got older, but I never pressured to push them into the sports that they're playing now. Even with my son, he wanted to be a basketball player. He realized like, that's not his calling. And so he didn't catch on to the sport till late. And so I wanted to be a resource and be available to him if he wanted to pursue football as a career. And so obviously, like I said, he started out at JUCO in a juco. Cons Costa. Yeah. In California.


Then he went to FAU for a couple of years. Lane Kiffin left there and went to Ole Miss Willie Taggart came in and they didn't really give him an an opportunity. He was a PWO, which is preferred on, so he left, left there and went to Missouri State. So covid year, his last two or three years, he played at Missouri State and so played considerably. Well not as a starter, but his numbers, like I said, and with his physical attributes, he was able to really capture the attention of some of the scouts that were there. So Because he got a late start, he's been a couple of different places. He really hasn't had a time, had an opportunity to develop assisted consistency. And that's what you need to get good, you need consistency, you need stable, need stability Experience.


And that's what he lacks. And I, I'm, I'm very transparent with my son, even with him being an undrafted free agent, I told him like, look, it, it looks good on paper. Like, yo, you went to the, the, to the team that I got drafted to, again, you may not make it with the Niners because like I said, it is numbers game. Like I said, they may have other positions that they may need to fill or what have you. But I tell him, look, it would be great if you continue your career where I started. But at the end of the day, realistically it may not happen. But when you go out there, you practice hard. You do all the little necessary things to make yourself visible, to let them know that you have a skill set aside from the experience that he lacked with some of the draft picks.


He's just as good as some of these draft picks. He just lacks the experience. But I told him, look, it may be a numbers game to where they may not retain you, but you're auditioning for 31 other teams. Correct. Put good film out there. That's It. That's it. What's been circulating lately is that Tyreek racing, Noah, low Tyreek, I don't know what much more attention that he needs. I mean, he already has enough attention as it is, but he's not beating Noah Lowes. I don't care what it is, what it is. He's, I, he barely, like we, we did a, we made a bet like probably like three years ago. He said he would gimme like 10 steps. It was like nine yards and we'd raced a hundred, a hundred yards.


He barely made up a yard. If I get a good start, I can beat Tyreek. And that's not, that's no cap. That's just me being realistic and understanding who I am and what my, my abilities are. You believe you can, if you, you believe if you got a great start. If I, so if I work, if I were, if, if, if you got a speed coach and says, okay Ocho, we gonna work with you for three months. Oh, I, and at the end of Osho, no, he ain't doing nothing. At the end of those three months, it just says, okay, you race Tyreek. What you wanna race the man? A 40, a 60, a hundred? What you wanna race? He has no chance in the hundred. 'cause I'm, I'm one of those back. You want, you unwind once. Yeah. I pick up at the end 50 to 60. That's very competitive.


But if I get a good start, he, he, he gonna have a problem. He's gonna have a problem. But he's not beating Noah Lowes. That's not, no, he's not. Why do you, why do you think he keeps challenging Noah, Lowes? I don't know what much more attention that he needs. I don't know. But it's not possible. He's not about to, he's not about to beat an Olympic gold medalist. O and nothing Ocho think he could beat him in a 50. Ocho ain't beating me in a fifth. No. OCHO Makes Tyreek Ocho thinks Tyre Tyreek can beat nor No, he's Not beating him in a 50, hold on, hold on, hold on. It's, it's, it's about a mindset. There's, as football players, like I said, Tyreek is good football speed, right? He hands down, he's one of the fastest in the NFL and there are some guys that will probably challenge him on that, right?


He didn't raise DK Metcalf. Why? If you're that fast, you're that, that fast like race. Dk mega, there's Marquis Goodman who was a track guy, right? Olympic guy. Why aren't you racing these guys? Is Xavier worthy who just ran the fastest 40? Yeah. Man, you biting off a little bit more than you can chew when you messing with Noah Lyes like, what is it, what is it you're trying to get out of this? But you're not beating, you're not beating Noah Lyes. You think he's beating Noah Lyes? I said in the 50 or 60 it be close. He's not because he get out so fast. And we've been going at this for years. Yeah, you're not even faster than me. You, so I would admit, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You're quicker than me, dog. Not, you're not even the better receiver. B, stop playing with me boy. I'm Ocho boy.


This is me. Boy. I'm, I'm gonna go sit over this on this couch with the, this the yellow jacket couch over here. You know what I mean? Hey, I aint homeboy. Oh Hey. there is a yellow jacket couch over here. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You by yourself over. You know I got love for you. This I got jacket too. I made my own. So look. Hey, it is three. Listen. Hold on, hold on. It's three old too before I got my real one. Nah, hold on. It's 300 of y'all. It's only one of me, nigga. That's all good. That's good. Nah, like you said, and I look better than you. Nah, not happening. Not happening. Not happening.


Is there anything in your NFL career, if you could go back and do over, what would it be? What would I do over If, what would you do over be anything? I'm talking about from college, high school, NFL 49 ERs, Cowboys, Philly, anything. Is there anything Teo wish you could do over, If, if I could do it all over, All over again, I would probably try, I would probably have a better approach to the game and the position that I played. I'd never really had that affection and love for it until after my third year in International Football League. When I saw, I made that catch against Green Bay. Right. And then like two years after that, they let Jerry go and they asked me did they put me in a position to fill his shoes.


If I would've taken the approach to really like train, like guys are doing now off season training, running routes, things of that nature. I, I honestly would've been a better receiver. But all I did in the off season was play basketball. My, my only one season that I, I worked on the field with other like quarterbacks and things of that nature was when I got traded from San Francisco to Philly. Donovan McNabb wanted us to come to Arizona. Brian Westbrook, I think Todd Pinkston and some other guys, Reno Mahe. We went out there for like a few days just to kind of Get acclimated each other. Get Some, yeah, get some chemistry or whatever. That was the only time that I ever did any off the field workouts during my playing career.


I've done more so outside of that working with my son and other guys than I ever did in my entire career. So if I would've done that, there's no telling what I, what, what type of receiver that I would've become. What is the biggest misconception that people have of to everybody says that to ruined this locker room. He ruined that locker room. I know you, we have a very similar background and you and I've talked a lot over the years, not on television. We talk a lot more off television than we do on television. What is the biggest misconception that people have of Tar Owens? Probably that I'm based on media portrayal. Have, they've covered me throughout the course of my career. Having to talk to like certain players in the locker room.


They said that I was arrogant. I was cocky, but I was a very confident individual. I realized, like I said, coming from a small school, I wasn't drafted first to second round. So I did the little necessary things to become great. I saw, I I, I was very fortunate to be drafted third round, eight ninth pick to the San Francisco 49 ERs. And I played with arguably the greatest receiver of all time in Jerry Rice. I saw that day in and day out firsthand what it took to be great. And I had two instrumental receiver coaches, Larry Kirksey and George Stewart. Those two individuals, man I trust me, I'll do anything for, they pushed me.


They saw me as a kid from small town, Alexander City, Alabama Small School, UTU, university Tennessee at Chattanooga. They saw the emergence, the development of who I was to come and who I was to be. They saw it on everyday basis basis from day one in training camp Larry Kirksey and George Stewart. They pushed me every day. We used to on our Friday trips, going on away trips, driving, getting to the airport. He constantly told me, he's like, you, you can be that. One day he was pointing at Jerry Rice. He said, you can be just as good if not better than him. And so I, I honestly started to believe that I didn't have a lot of confidence as with the skillset early on.


But every day I worked, I kept working and working and working and I became something I honestly didn't have. You really didn't have the confidence to know that I had in, in my ability. But I just kept working, just kind of chipping away and chipping away. But a lot of people thinking I'm arrogant. I'm thinking I'm cocky based on what the media has said. Even what you said about the locker room. But you've never heard not one player say anything that can back up what some of these media and these analysts have al have has always said about me. You've not heard not one one player that say that I was arrogant or cocky. 'cause it just isn't true. Do you wish you could have had a better relationship with some of your coaches? Because this is what I tell guys I was like all the time.


A lot of times when you're at one location, some of these coaches are gonna go other places and get jobs, Right? And then you gonna want a situation like, you know what I co I was there on the staff with to man, let's bring to in here. Maybe he can help the young guys. Even if he can't give us 1500 yards and a hundred catches. He can give us 50, 60 catches and maybe 700 yards. But the experience that he can teach these young guys, do you wish you could have had a better relationship with some of your coaches? Be it head coaches or Position coaches? The re the relationship was what it was Outside of that, you have to be a smart individual to understand what I brought to every team that I play on. Bro, I was a all five time all pro pretty much with every team that I played, played with, even playing on the team with Chad.


Like this is no knock it Chad Chad was with Carson Parmer for nine, 10 years. I came in only with just a month or so preparation and like I said, I, I ended up outplaying Chad. But we played well together. That's no knock at you Chad. I'm saying on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm just saying hold on. This couch is made for yellow jackets. You can't come over here. You can't come. Hey, that, that was, but no, but it's really a testament of what I brought to the game. Yeah, You were three players that were the first team all pro with three different teams. Absolutely. Prime and Ted Hendricks. Yeah. And so with that being said, the coaches or or any of those guys could have vouched for me. They didn't even have jobs. It was reason why they weren't in those positions to really vouch for me.


But at the end of the day, like I said, my stats, my everything, it spoke for itself. Again, like I said, I was nominated in 2016 for, for my first nomination for a hall of Fame. I didn't get in. Yeah. We already went through that 2017 they did it again. And obviously, like I said, I went off, I went off on a time. I just did my own thing. Right. So I, I don't honestly, I honestly don't say or or or feel that I I I could have or wish I would've done anything different. 'cause I was me and I'm unapologetically me. I've never been any off the field is had any off the field issues, no run-ins with the law and there's a lot of individuals out there that get, gets those opportunities. But for as it came, as it pertain to me and it became to me, I never got those opportunities.


So I, I can't say I, I can't say that I would do anything different, But I'm better than him. Nah, lemme stop. Lemme stop. It's so funny you, everybody always asks me like where I rank you or where you should, should you be in the hall of Fame? Nah. Based on, I I don't wanna be there. You don't wanna be there. No. 'cause in that era then I be like everybody else. I got my own jacket. Well we were, we were in that same boat at one point. I had my own, I had my own jacket too. Yeah. Until I, you know, until I actually got in. You know what's funny, A lot of y'all might not know. Obviously you see Tio and I going back and forth taking shots at each other. But this is my brother man. We been, we've been cool man. For how many years we going there? Well, when we got, when we first, when I acquired my agent, we had the same agent at one point in time.


We didn't really know each other. Yeah. I always, like I said, I admired you from afar. You doing, you know what I mean? Like you said you Yeah, we, we were kind of trendsetters in our own right. We used to celebrate after touchdowns, things of that, that, that nature. And then they kind of banned it for a while. Then they saw that that's what was needed in the National Football League because the viewership, the ratings, everything went down, out, shot out the roof. When they stopped It, they stopped celebrating and They saw that it was needed for the game. Him, myself, we just, I just tried to play and have a lot of fun with the game and that's what I wish I could have done is really, I know a lot of people saw the highlights, this and that, the other, but for me it was, it was, it was work.


I really wanted to get into that end zone because I wouldn't be able to entertain if I didn't score a touchdown. So that was my motivation. And then my mom too, like when I was in high school, you know she went to a high school game. I had a couple of catches and then I asked her, I'm like, yo, did you see my catches? And she was like, well what number were you? So that's what motivated me when I got to the Niners, I was like, I knew that. I was like with one of the most historic franchise inception for we played prime time. I'm like, and I played special teams too and I'm like, I played third and fourth receiver. So third down situation. You know how it is. Yeah. When you're not playing right away, you make, make sure you make the most of those third down situations. Absolutely. So I got in on a third down situation. I'm in the slot.


We're playing the Cincinnati Bengal. That was my first test touchdown against Ashley Ambrose. I did that. I was living in Atlanta at the time. I did the bank, bank head bounce. I knew my mom was watching the game. So there was no way she was gonna miss that dance. So that's how I started the, the whole celebration thing. Some fun days, some some fun days. I think he's one of the two, I think he's one of the top three receivers to ever play the game The best. Appreciate it. Thank You so much. Three players have been First team all pro with three different teams and he's one of them. Give it up. Alright tt. Hey anytime you need to take a pee break, man, just let me know man.


I got Yeah, we good. Hey, we be going tonight. We we going tonight. I'm gonna go back here and talk to re and don't go. Go talk to Her first. No. Hey don't, don't get that bottle upside your head. Geo fool fool. Fool it with Ocho. That's my dog. That's my dog. We back on schedule. Okay, begin. Next guy is coming to the stage is a Houston rap legend Trey the truth. Yay. I Know What's going on big.


What's, what's what's, what's good with you? First off, what's up to the city East Time. What? Going down man. I can't come here without blessing y'all man. Tay come bring me some gifts for the homies. Yeah. Raise some gifts. What? Don't nobody ever give me shit. What you got Where the gifts. What the gifts At? Hold on. He moving slow. Look you about to get on him, huh? Hey, where we go? Where we going tonight? I need somebody. Oh dang. We Go a few places man. Oh Shit. No you getting? Yeah, yeah. One for you and one for you man. Appreciate That. Appreciate Simple Southern hospitality man.


Y'all see my Bob box? Yeah. Houston rap legend. Trade the truth bro. I mean Houston bro. Y'all got some, y'all got some heavyweights here in in in the rap game. You know, obviously you had, you know the the Ghetto Boys, you got Meg yourself. Give me your mind. Rushmore Houston Rap legend Man that that'll be a hard one. Oh you got, oh I forgot Bun Pimp C. That'll be hard I think. Man, you know, crazy or not. I would get my mouth rushed more to all the ones we lost. 'cause you know we got DJ school. Yep. We got Pimp C, we got Fat Pat, big Hawk, big pokey.


Yeah man, keep going Big Mo. I mean it's a long list of 'em so my mom rush more beat to all the homies we lost. But what impact did Brother j Prince have on your life? A lot. I I from before we actually became family. Yes sir. Just motivation. Because you know, you hear the rumors when you, when you come up in the rap game about how the south wasn't respected or accepted and he was dedicated to letting people know where we were from and you know, it just to watch everything he went through. Even from the trials and tribulations, from being harassed from the laws to everything and still overcoming it.


It made me get out there and say I could do the same or better. So definitely played a part. Yes sir. Man, you got some sides on you bro. You play ball coming up. Nah, not at all. God, Why you too fidget. They go get on the hit. I handle my business when it's time. That's all I know. So the next generation of rappers that's coming up, Houston rappers, you got Meg, you got Big X, Mexican, ot. What are you most excited about? Man, I'm excited for Houston in general. You know the, the thing is there's so many that's on the front lines right now that you may see whether it be social media videos, just actually if you look at Houston right now, some of the biggest artists from in the world, shit, we got Beyonce.


True. You got, you got Trav, you got, you do have Meg, man some shit. Yolanda Adams from here. That's the biggest ever, you know. But I think it's, it is no cap at the, the top of how high a lot of these artists can get. It's a lot of, I'd be more excited for like the street and underground rappers to finally get their recognition as opposed to the ones that had they chance mainstream. Your hometown team, the Houston Texans. Yeah. CJ sra led by the, the great rookie quarterback last year coming into his sophomore season. What are you most excited about your Houston Texans? I think everybody in the si we at a point in time we wasn't too excited about the Texas but we definitely excited now you got cj, you got digs, you got my little bro tank deal.


I mean everybody doing they thing and I think it's like a reinvention of the city the same way with the Rockets, with the same youngest coming in doing they thing. So we got a bright future coming. Listen Houston awarded you with your own day trade aid for your work in the community now. How does it feel to be honored man, for the community programs and work you've done here? It's a blessing man. Even though they gave me the day in which it just passed, I always made it a day to get back. So now I think in Houston I got seven holidays so literally, and I got two keys to the city. So I don't think there's really much more I can get from the city, you know?


It's about just giving back for me man. Yeah, That's live. Who has the best barbecue in Houston? That's a horrible one. Somebody just asked me that backstage. Right. Well I need to know 'cause I'm here for another day. What you say? Triple JI was telling them shit, we, we got more live of soul food anyway than just barbecue too. Okay, that's a good one. Okay, what's the best soul food Spot? What's best soul food because I'm, I'm Going Tomorrow. They got 'em everywhere from Mickey's to Esthers to all kinds of What? What's the best one? Which one y'all say? Who? Who'd you say they saying Mickey's? Yeah, Mickey's. Mickey's definitely Mickey's. Yeah. Okay. I guess we gonna have to try Mickey's. We Wanna go.


What time you wanna go tomorrow? As I get work Where you work at? In the studio. Alright guys, give it up for your favorite Houston rapper. Trade the truth. Who going tonight? Look, I'm tripping. I'm up here and I ain't even plugging my business. My new album just dropped Friday, man. Make sure y'all grab it. Crowd control ace time, you know I love y'all to death. Let's get it man. Alright, good. Oh, if you are part of the meet and greet ticket, you have your ticket wristband on. Okay, we gonna meet for the meet and greet. Ocho and I are gonna meet You mean greet, Mean Greet right there.


Oh, right, right there by the repeater. That concludes our show for tonight. O show. We got something special for you. Wait, hold on. We finna go. Yeah, we finna go for or you bullshitting? No, we finna to go the show over. Yeah, we Just started. If you want to sign bottle of La Portier, meet us by the bacon wings for you with your gold wristband after the show to receive your bottle. That's it. That's it, Ocho. Wait, wait, you gotta say bye to the people the right Way. I just told, I just told 'em goodnight. Come on, drop it. We got something special for ocho. What? Hey damn. Hey, I love y'all. I love y'all the Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart, tlo, efgartigimod alpha and Hyaluronidase QV ffc works by visiting vyvgart.com/mo a. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/ OA Brought to you by Argen X.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hear that pumpkin, that's fall calling and the pumpkin spice latte is back at Starbucks. From that first sweater to late autumn weather, it's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app,


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.