
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple card.com.


What's s good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear just like a dream. For more. Check out Bose dot com.


Get your holidays started with the perfect tree and your perfect style from The Home Depot. Whether you want something That You can assemble in a few clicks. Steal the show with over 2000 color changing bulbs or a tree with lights. That can be controlled by remote or foot pedal The Home Depot has It all in our huge assortment of premium trees. Plus, get free delivery on over 2 million items this holiday from The Home Depot. Subject to availability. See Home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video Firing. Downfield Caught this week. Coach Shaw Peyton returns to New Orleans as the Denver Broncos. Visit the Saints You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Saints Thursday only on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for detail.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races Rachel Maddow and our decision 2024 team will provide inside its results. Come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What It All means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C.


The, Volume,


TD Teddy taking It to the House. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense We. Don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns? And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Texas Beat, the Patriots 41 21 Houston is now five and one, which is a half a game behind the Idol Chiefs for the best record in the a FC. Today was the first time this season That. The Texans won by more than a touchdown. They were playing without top receiver. Nico Collins who tweaked his hamstring. But welcome back Joe Mick Mixon from an ankle injury Joe 132 Total yards on 13 Carries two catches, scored a touchdown as a runner and a receiver taking advantage of four to turnovers. Three by Patriots quarterback Rookie Drake May in his first career start the Texas led throughout, took care of business against an un, an outmanned, new England Patriots team. It was the first time in eight in eight all time visits in Foxboro That.


The Texans have beat the Patriots, which showed just how much has changed about these two franchises over the past few years. They scored 41 points. OCHO on Sunday matches the most ever scored in the road game. The only time they've ever started the season five and one was 2012 when They set a franchise record with 12 wins. Hey, That, god damn CJ Stride Special Man Can That Boy's special man. You know, and now I don't mean to bring him up 'cause We already talked about him. Jayden Daniels is, is running on That same trajectory of being able to turn a franchise around right away. That CJ s CJ Stroud is nice bro. He is. That's Why They were horrible the year before he got drafted.


Huh? That's why They was horrible. That's why They was the second, had the second pick in the draft. Jesus Christ. But just, I mean just, just watching him Odoo man, he act like he'd been here before. He's so poisoned. A pocket, a pocket present. Really understanding, understanding everything going on, knowing when to let It go, the timing running when you have to Odoo his footwork, mechanics, the arm angles being able to make any and every throw like e everything. Nothing was off. You can missing Nego Collins, but obviously you Odoo have some other good weapons in, in can. Step D You got Dale George, you got can Dalton Schultz, Can you, you got some good weapons, but man, God damn man.


It's one thing, it's one thing to have all the weapons, but then have the person at the ham that's able to to to facilitate to those. You have man That and then he, he smooth as hell with it too. Next time you watch him chat, next time you watch CJ SRA chat, watch That motherfucker drop back and he dropped back. Cool. In the motherfucker too. What They should Odoo is say Lovey Smith for the next 10 years. A million dollars a year. Because had he not won That game right, They would've had the first pick in the draft. And who Odoo you think They would've picked? It'd been very interesting to see.


Ah, things would've been different, huh? Because let's just a, most people had, what's the guy's name? The guy That went to Carolina. They had him number. Bryce. Bryce. Bryce Young can now can now a lot of people wanted to take CJ Stro in Carolina from What. I've heard David Tepper wanted to take Bryce Young. You know, What I hate, I hate, IIII hate to Odoo hypotheticals, but hell They Odoo it on Twitter all the time.


So I'm gonna Odoo it here. can so hypothetically chat y'all stay with me real quick. Hypothetically speaking, let's say the, the things were different. Let's say Bryce went to the Texans and CJ Stroud was with the Panthers. Would things still be the same as far as their records or would the Panthers still be in bad even if They had CJ Stroud can Good because he didn't have the offensive Line doing with the, with the Texans, huh? Because he doesn't have the offensive line and the weapons re moment. He had Nico Collins, he had Tank Dale, he had Jordan, Dalton Schultz, he had, who's the running back? He had, he had Pierce last year and he had another running back.


But boy, it's hard Ocho it's hard to win when you don't got no protection. He got no weapons. Right. Right. So it's like I got no line of defense to protect me and then I ain't got nobody to throw it to when I Odoo get protected Can As they're finding out right now. But cj man, look here. Sometimes it's not, it's not how high you go, it's where you go Can, it's always important. C Bryce is always gonna have, I was the number one pick in the draft, but, but Huh?


So you There was There last year. What What was the other guy. What other guy. They had a guy named Pierce. Damien Pierce can can. So, but look, Ojo can I played Drake May. Look, Drake may threw For more touchdowns today than Ed had in five games. Five game can, can can Hey, you know, What, I think about too, Hong Odoo. You think Jacoby was a little gun? A little gun shy Knowing That if he starts playing bad or if he does play bad, the first thing They gonna Odoo is throw Drake. Drake may in There. If if I was him I would've, I would've went out.


Guns slinging. Oh true. Fuck it. I'm doing everything. I, I would've, if I was Jacob Brit, I'd be playing like goddamn, like Joe Flacco, yolo, oh Joe, I'm letting to rip. But two touchdowns in five games and Drake may come in week one. Even in the loss in those three, you know how, you know how everybody gonna look at That Can, Even though They lost, you know how everybody gonna look at That? Man? I would've, I would've. Boy you better than me. O Joe. You've got a large sample size. You know, What, Jacoby Burett is, That's not nice, huh? But I understand. But it, I understand where you can going. I understand where You can going. I'm picking up What. You can putting down, but That ain't nice.


Can I know, but it's gotta be, it's truthful. can and sometimes the truth hurts. Can That That, That hurt, right? There, right? You Got Ocho you got seven years Body of work. That's a large sample size. Yes sir. To say What someone can and can't Odoo. He doesn't have any special traits. He's not overly fast, he's not overly athletic. He's not overly quick. He doesn't have the greatest touch. He doesn't have the greatest arm. So there's nothing special about him. Mm Dang. At some point in time, Ocho, in order to be, you have to have something.


What did Brady, Brady didn't have over his great athleticism. He couldn't run. It wasn't move, but to be able to process information. Same thing with Peyton Manning. Now you look at it, Rogers, he had supreme athleticism, great arm footwork was terrible, but he You throw, he You his arm slots and platforms in which You can launch the ball made him superior. Right? Patrick Mahomes tremendous arm out worldly athleticism, not speed, but athleticism to be able to throw the ball off. So many different platforms. Jacoby doesn't Odoo any of That. Right. And to look at the guys That are really good.


You right. Some point in time, Ocho We just gotta be truthful to our viewers and listeners Can, can, can, you can can you. Right. You can can, right. I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say it like That, I, you know, I try to say it a little bit more, a little more, a little more Heritage in between you and I. We're two bosses. You can gonna come in and say, well, you know, We having some, you know, things Aren been going well and we're looking to, you know, We, We have a couple, you know, We cutting back a little bit. And so unfortunately We gonna have you Right. That's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's Me. Check this out. Don't even worry about coming in.


Get same thing. Gocho, same thing. But listen, one thing about it, boy don't play with nobody money. Boy. You find somebody black. I'm talking about don't come pick up your check. We gonna send It to you if We gonna send it to you because Hey, because you know how people get by the check. They gonna cover their Oo. And I don't want nobody out. Hey A plum fool. I need my check for all the hours I put in Start. And I ain't leave until I get it. And They gonna be start start talking about Ocho Pad.


What about all That overtime. You going Odoo this to me. I came in when, when, when Jeff and Sally wouldn't even come in, I came in Y'all. No, don't worry about it. We gonna send your check. everything That We owe you can We really appreciate your services. But can they're no longer required. Hey That. That's that's messed up man. I, you know, What It. It is funny. I've gotten much better. can I, I've gotten much better at being honest. can I've gotten much better at analyzing, critiquing a little bit. I think for me it's, it's, it's very difficult. It's very difficult. 'cause I'm, I'm removed from the game for a while can for, for a while now. But I'm not That far removed. So I still resonate with the players when things don't go well. I, I I think for some reason, you know, like I know What it, I know What, It feels like to have a bad game.


I know What, it feels like to drop a ball. I know What, it feels like to, to mess up or, or to, to be the reason the team loses. You know, of course They won't paint It That way. But it's like, I I I know all those bad feelings obviously during my tenure of playing, playing in Cincinnati and, and things aren't going away. I know That, I know the field like to lose. I know the field like to lose all the time, you know? So it's like, it's like I can kind of kind of empathize with the players. That aren't doing well and try to find ways to, to, to smooth things over and sometimes make excuses for 'em. Now I've gotten much better. I'm not as bad as I was when We first started.


Now I tell, I, I say shit so and so he ain't it me playing horrible. But for the most part I Odoo my best can I I I Odoo my best because They just, I'm talking about Unc It. It really, it really be weighing on me and sitting on me. What. I gotta talk by people. Boy can, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm telling you man, you know when We had Prime on the other day, can you heard What Prime can? He said right away. And Ocho ain't gonna talk about nobody That That just, that's just not him. It's not in me. Can I, I think the thing is, But I better, I gotten better Is That as long as me, it is not personal can because I don't know this man personal can. I'm talking about his play on the field. can, that's all I'm judging can. That's all I'm judging a man by.


See You, you, you see, you see how you said That? You can saying it's, it's not personal. You can just Don personal Stay on the field. But how Odoo you think They take it. But see that's the per Oh They taking it personal Because Ocho Oh They Taking It Personal because They look at you different They. Odoo can They look at you different. You ain't one of them on tv. can you different, you played the game so it's stinging, it hurt more coming from you. But it does When you a used to a, but I wish people in the chat You go back and watch the clips when used to kill me for some of the shit I was Odoo Can. Well you used Hey boy.


You used to, well you used to let me have it, but I was different. I enjoyed It. I like it. I love going back to listen to What. Y'all had to say and I tried to the stuff That. Y'all would say That you didn't like or he should be fine and he to be whatever it may be. I used to try to go back and Odoo something even worse and piss you off again. Even though You can not mad. You only talk about my play. That's It. I'm trying to real y up. I enjoyed being the villain like the player. That They, They can't take it. No. I love the criticism. I didn't mind but today, oh no. A lot of the problems That I have with today's player Ocho, Nobody ever says UNC or Shannon.


Sharpe doesn't know What. He's talking about when I say They great. Right. Or they're doing something exemplary can, but the moment I criticize him or he don't know What the hell he talking about. So did I What I said you were great and you were having a great season. You had a great game. Did I not know What I was talking about then? Right, right, right. Or only Now. See that's the problem. I get It, I'm not, I don't know you as a father, I don't know you as a son. I don't know you as a husband, as a boyfriend. Significant other. I don't know. I don't care about That. I'm critiquing your play on the field. That's It. That's where, that's where it stops. That's where It starts. Ocho that's where it stops for me when They start talking about all this other stuff.


Now if We have to have a topic where you got into trouble and I have to address That, I'll address That. But when I'm critiquing, like when We doing this tonight, all I'm talking about is play on the field. Right. That's it. And I get it. The thing That in time helped me understand this. He's, he like, you gotta understand you in the hall, you got That gold jacket. You got the gold jacket. And so people can't say, well What, did he win three Super Bowls? How well was he? He's an all player. He's a multiple time all pro. He's an eight time pro bowler and he got a gold jacket.


So the things That, They, You say about players, That. That wasn't as accomplished as myself. They can't use That against me. Right? People know They might not like What. I say and They try to say, well he didn't watch the game or, but They know. I know because I give you specific plays in which I'm talking about. And you don't hear players saying That wasn't the coverage. That wasn't What. I was supposed to Odoo. 'cause They know. I know. And I get it. It's a hard part of my JLab, but it's in my JLab description is to give credit when due, but also criticize when due.


And that's it. A lot of times guys will see me, Ocho and They say, man, you, you tough on a song, you tough. Oh can but you fair can. That's one thing. Now you going call it like you see It, We can appreciate That. And at the end of the day, that's all I care about. As long as They know it's not personal because I don't know your personal, I don't know That one of these guys that's currently playing ocho I You tell you anything about 'em because I've never been in a situation where I saw them out doing anything. They've never seen me out. So I couldn't tell you. Now, I retired right after I retired. There were some guys, That I hung out with and did some things with. I You tell you a little bit more about 'em personally. But these guys today, man, I don't know nothing about these cats and the majority of 'em younger than my damn kids.


I got nothing. I'm just gonna tell 'em about What you did on the field through the Prism. Doesn't make me right, doesn't make me wrong. But I'm telling you What I saw right through the lens in which I've looked having played the game, having analyzed the game, having studied the game. That's it. As far as I go with It Ocho and I understand nobody really likes to be criticized, but if you use it in a constructive manner, You can get better because you don't get better with just praise. You don't. You don't. You just don't. Damn. But I mean, but it, it is It is just tough because Ocho you know, you don't wanna listen.


I mean how does It because What are, They gonna say Ocho That but What, I'm trying to tell. You'll say Ocho you played, you wasn't no bummed. You wasn't no scrubbed. Oh no, I was That nigga. Now hold on. Oh but that's What. My bad. My bad, my bad. But that's What. I'm trying to say my bad. So when you say something about a receiver, you say something, can you say, well, OSHA wasn't like That can I was shit, can, can, can, can. Sure ain't no ain ain't too many deal with it. Ain't no ain't too many deal with Su did out There man you No, I talk it and Walking Man with the best of 'em, Man. Yes. Stop playing Steelers beat the Raiders. Max Crosby was seen pushing Coach away from him. Crosby cleared There shortly after the clip went viral.


This is What he posted. Mike Caldwell is my guy. One of the best people in the business. That's a love push. Stop reaching hashtag RN for L Chat. Y'all going crazy. Raider Nation for life, not real in for life. Raider Nation for Life. Okay, let's just clear That up is an all time Raider to embrace the tank. Is it time for the Raiders to have a fire sale OCHO Max Crosby to the Lions for draft pick? Boy That wouldn't be fair. Y'all hold on. Oh, I absolutely would trade.


I I absolutely if I was, if I was the Lions To Detroit, A went down. Yes. And so, so basically What you're saying is You can taking the whole season in Las Vegas and You can starting over from scratch Can with the possibility of getting Shado Sanders and I'm gonna have the Lions draft pick, You know What, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. But a you cooking? Huh? You cooking? Okay. You, you cooking, you You. I like, I like, I like What. Ada listen, I like What You can putting down and I'm finna pick it up. I like That. Oh See We, I mean the, ooh, that's a good one.


Raid going this year. Crosby, Crosby. Crosby to the Lions Hey, What. First round draft pick Cro were the first right? They probably They probably for a second. I, I would trade the first 'cause I know where I'm gonna be picking. Right. It's gonna be way down. Right. You can, damn right. I give up a first to get in. Can you imagine That, Aiden Hutchinson going down and Mac Cro Mby coming in and picking up right where Aiden left off. Right because he's a hell raiser. He's disruptive Man. Complete hell raiser Hey. But What would happen next year. When Aiden comes back though, I put his ass on the other side. They, You play They Hey other side. I worry about That next year I wouldn't sue.


I let me worry about That next year. You worried about, you worried about too much right now. Hey Hey. That's, that's Hey, that's tough. That's, that's a good one though. I like That just fire Seal. But They how Odoo you think That make the, the, the the players That are on the Raiders field. Man, about you just saying, you know, What. Okay, We give up. We, We, We We, We calling this season. We We, We done. We done. We don't have a chance to compete. We don't have a chance to win. So We gonna make some moves. They don't and They should ahead talking Hey Jack What. Y'all think you think that's a good idea? I mean, I like It. I like It especially I see the direction in which the lions are going.


Shoot Mac Crosby, max Crosby going to the, to the lines would be really dope. But I think There are other issues. That need to be, need to be sorted out as well. My guy Devonte Adams. If, if the the Raiders are wanting to Odoo a fire sale and, and, and, and get picks, I would like to see my dude Devonte Adams happy somewhere else, somewhere else where he can be productive and still show That. He can play the game of football with the best of 'em. I don't like him having to sit out like this. It is unfortunate. And other than That, shoot chat What. Y'all doing chat? Y'all good? Y'all good? Shoot. I fucking love y'all. Hey Hey. Make sure y'all, y'all follow me on follow me on Twitter and stuff.


Follow me on Twitter. Okay? Because I'm cool. Like I don't really tweet no crazy stuff, but just follow me and stuff and follow me on Instagrams. I'm pretty cool on There too. I don't really post no pictures, I just post Nightcap stuff. But follow me 'cause 'cause I'm cool and that's it. I don't know What else to say Hey. Y'all wanna hang out with me? Y'all wanna hang out this Friday? Somebody You pick me up from the airport, huh? No can. Okay, cool. Bet. Because Hey, ocho I would Odoo It. I would Odoo I would Odoo the deal. If I was the Lions I'd reach out, right? That the first thing I Odoo, Right?


Because knowing where my draft pick is gonna be, it's gonna be at the bottom of the first round is There. Anybody That You can draft in the bottom of the first round. That's gonna be better than Max CRO before you. No, no, Exactly. That's why I Odoo the deal. And he will command more than Devonte Adams see teams seemingly are reluctant to give up a second round pick for Devonte, the right team. I mean, I can see the Lions giving up a first round pick for him. I would Odoo It can, I would Odoo it. I would too.


I would too.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kornacki is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade This podcast. We got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, We, Odoo, 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode, and I'm supposed to really care whether or not Camera Rising plays well. Here's a big difference. All right, and what's the spread? Utah is a six point favorite. Okay, There. So teams are four and one. They're going to Tempe. It's Friday night, Billy Friday night. Weird things happen. Tempe, Scottsdale, most beautiful people on, on the planet. At least on the women. I don't, I haven't looked seen the guys. I don't think there's gonna be a lot of people at this game. 'cause they're gonna be like We are in, we're in like the most beautiful people place. Why am I watching to see if Camera Rising plays can or not? can They have Cam rising exhaustion Too? Can They? They're they're tired of It. They want other things to rise? So, oh, There. It is There. So I think that's gonna play into Utah's hands. Okay. They're gonna rise into Utah. And Arizona State is not going to have people There. So I'm going to go Utah Coverage six. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade This on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room Blinds Odoo com made It crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy. Even you You Odoo It. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to Odoo the install. Nope. Blinds.com can Odoo It all, all she had to Odoo was pick What. She wanted, she talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh, Blinds.com is the goat, the goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun You can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 Plus terms and conditions apply.


Did you know every three seconds someone is a victim of identity theft? LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. This cybersecurity awareness month. Adding multi-factor authentication like a text with a security code is one way to boost your security. But for comprehensive protection, trust LifeLock LifeLock alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal info and steps in to resolve issues That arise guaranteed or your money back. Protect yourself with a 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms apply.


Bears beat the Jags in London. The bears are four and two after beating one in three Titans, one in four Rams, one in four Panthers, one in five Jags are the Bears contenders or they're just beating on, on beating up on not particularly good teams. Ocho Hey, listen, they're not beating on, they're not beating up. They're, they're beating up on bad teams. But I think it's s good for them. It's s good for the morale of the team. It is good for Caleb Williams can to get himself in rhythm. You know, I think to help his confidence as his confidence continues to grow, it's not gonna matter who They plan. He's always gonna be consistent. The fact That, if We can get a consistent K Williams week in and week out and not turn the ball over and always give you team a chance to win, man, he, he, he's gonna be one of them boys because he has all the intangible, he has all the tools to be just like a Jayden Daniels just like a CJ Shroud.


He was drafted number one to change That franchise around. And he has the ability to Odoo That despite the inconsistencies. That We saw in the preseason and a little bit earlier in the season since it started. But he, he, he look pretty, look pretty good today. can I have one question? Huh? What's That? And I have another Question for the chat too. For those That are watching, how long are We gonna give Trevor Lawrence to pass? I ain't give no damn pass. They 55 million. I mean, God, God damn. I mean shit man. He been, he been, he been bad. He been, he been bad, bad. He been real bad. He make, he making 55 a year. That's a lot.


What Can A hell of a lot. The point of making That kind of money is I'm saying I know you have to touch the ball all the time. And We feel. You give us our best chance to win consistently every time. We put the ball in your hands And That is not What he's doing And He got some weapons. He got, he got Christian Kirk some good ones. He got Gabe Davis. He got Evan Ingram, he got, he got some weapons. They got at some good ones. Bigly in the backfield Can at at TN is hurt right now. But Can, can, but he, he Odoo, there's no reason for him to be playing as bad as he's playing can.


That's the problem. can at some point in time, We, We gotta hold 'em accountable. We hold everybody accountable. We don't, We don't make excuses either You can doing it or you're not. Right. We gave you a pass the first year because Urban was There. I'm not so sure the urban style works in the NFL, but Hey We gave you a pass for That one and you get Doug Peterson and the first year was kinda okay. Right bro. Bro, right now you look like some stir fry. Wait, What kind kind of who look like What stir Fry.


He ain't looking good Ocho he ain't looking good. And you look at this since the realignment in 2002, you got four teams all above 500 and with with four wins. No team, I don't think any division has had That since oh two five in oh Minnesota. Four one Detroit, four in two Green Bay four in two Chicago. Mm. Damn man Can and can Trevor Lawrence, he has to play better O Joe. He has to play better. I mean, It, it's it's still early.


It's still early in the season. He's just not playing well right now. Now if this continues, I'm sure he's, he's, he's the type of player based on What I've seen in the past. You re moment he dropped off a cliff last year. O Joe. Huh? You re moment That, you dropped off a cliff last year. Oh can he did? He did. I think They lost their last What last four last five games. They They was like, They was the number one seed in the whole A-F-C-A-F Can, can And then dropped the last four That That confidence among That That confidence. Oh. Oh man. I'm I'm not even gonna mention That because you the starter. He don't, he don't have no, nobody peeping over his shoulder. He's already gotten paid now. So, well Matt Jones is There, his, his his Lease is, listen, They ain't putting no Mac Jones in There and They just paid Young Bull before the season started or was That last year he got paid.


Now That was this off season. Can this off season? Can he definitely, can he, he had, he ain't got nothing to worry about right now. Too much money. Too much money to put on the bench. Maybe that's the problem. The coach beat the Titans Ocho. Joe Flaco, Hey Cowboy. Calvin Ridley. After being held without a catch, I need some in the beginning of a game. Two is getting crazy for me. Calvin Ridley had eight targets on 21 routes, a total of a hundred eight forty five targeted air yards per next gen stats. He had zero catches for zero yards, bro. Calvin, those are the things That you factor in when you go to a new team.


You understood That will, Levis was going to be your quarterback. You wanted the money, you got your money. You understood Will Levis or Malik Willis was going to be your quarterback. Ocho you got to, when you go into a new team, What a can, You can get the money. The likelihood of a team with a really good quarterback being able to pay Calvin really That kind of money was money What percentage. You think Ocho not very good? Nah, Hey Hey, I, when I'm, I'm I'm thinking about this right, Tennessee.


We got We got D Hawk. We got Calvert. Ridley and They shouldn't be playing this bad. When you have two receivers like That, two Receiver They got the boy Taylor boy Tyler Boyd also, And They got Tyler. Oh, They got Tyler. I forgot about my, my dog. Tyler Boyd They got Tyler Boyd, you got three different receivers. That all get the JLab done in three different ways. And I think offensively, whoever the offensive coordinator is in Tennessee understands the strengths of those three individuals. To me, I'm just saying to me, I'm not, I'm just, I'm talking about real life. The JLab at the quarterback acquisition should be easy.


It should be easy because of What you have at your disposal to throw the ball to, I don't know why he's playing so bad. I don't understand. He not good Can. But this the NFL now can This, This, this is the, this is the NFLO Joe and he wasn't That good at at Kentucky. What are you missing? See What happens Is is That, you take a guy with his kind of arm talent and They say, well if you gave him some weapons, okay, he has What. You said he has weapons Exhibit A.


Nah, he, he got man, maybe he maybe he'll turn around, maybe he turn around. I like No, it's bad right now though. Huh? Ocho he makes too many mistakes. He makes too many mistakes. Too many, too many. You can't overcome That when he constantly putting the ball in harm's way and his bone can, he had plays. But Calvin, you took the money you You have, think about it, Ocho he played great with Trevor Lawrence. Oh, can He took a little, he took a couple extra dollars I think Tennessee, it's a no state income tax. Florida no state income tax.


So my thing is, you You have stayed in Jacksonville for 15, 16, or you go to Tennessee for 19 and then you have You can gonna have a lot of games like this. Mm. Damn. I know, but That, those are the things you I I know, I know They, I know They hot though. I know, I know, I know They Hot and ain't, I ain't even heard from Dhop yet. So I know he, he 38 Hot. I know Dhop five. Boy I get dhap because That was the only team That really offered him some money.


Right? So look, but I guarantee you if the Kansas City had to offer Dhop 12, 13, right? He, he would rather go There than Tennessee for 16 As opposed to being where at can, because You know, guess What, you gonna get the ball and You can going win Can At this point of his career. D Hop's, career winning should be the only thing. That, That matters, Right? He's always, he's already been the highest paid for a number of years. He's got money, he's secured his family. Now let me win and get me a title. Let me get a chip. Right? Especially if the money's coming from, well I'm not saying go play for 5 million as opposed to 16.


Right? But if Kansas City knocks on the door for 12 and you go to Tennessee for 15, 16, at this point in my career, I'm trying to win. Boy, you get old. Losing sucks. It's cold. Yes, It sucks, Man. You look at damn man We ain't won but two games, Hell no Ocho now it's time for Q and Aye. Okay, hold on. I gotta, he's with That Church. With That Church. Finger time What, Bro.


Hey, nobody said, look, you talking about how many more weapons does Mahomes need? Oh, you think those guys are weapons? That? He got, oh wow. Okay. I get it. No We were saying when Dhat was a free agent, that's when I thought the chiefs would go after him. But What the Chiefs had on the table versus What Tennessee had on the table was two different I get it, I get it. I'm saying had D Hop, if the numbers were comparable, 12 million versus 1516 with a chance to win and have Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reed called in plays Patrick Mahomes throwing me the ball versus Tennessee and Will Levi or Malik Willis.


Well, it seems like it's a no brainer to me considering Dhop is probably made north of a hundred million dollars. But Hey, I don't count no man's pockets. He wants to take the money. I get It, but I don't know if 10, if Kansas City had a comparable offer on the table. But Ocho Tony Brown Jr. Says Daniel Jones can is officially can a part of a part of the ski mask. All stars Uncle Ocho, he's stealing money. Hey. That's, that's a good one. He is Ski mask All stars. I like That. I like That. can I like That? No Hey. I, I He Oh Joe, he ain't got no back. The timing was Impeccable. The timing was impeccable for him to get paid though.


Timing was impeccable. There was no quarterback. There was nowhere else for him to go. They, They, They They, They had no choice. They Hands was behind They back. What else were They gonna Odoo Easy. The same thing They did with the same thing They did with Qua. But you know, We Odoo, listen now you gotta understand the value of the position. That's all it was. The value of the position Is Derrick Henry providing value? Oh absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. That was a good one Because at the end of the day, absolutely. Look at Christian McCaffrey. Is he value Can, oh can You come out better with Saquon and a lesser tier quarterback?


That doesn't make the mistakes. That Daniel Jones. You're not winning anything with Daniel Jones. Mm. You can just not Ocho you're not, and I think a lot of people believe, know That. If David Cutcliffe was not Daniel Jones head coach offensive coordinator, he ain't going where he is going. But he coached Eli, he coached Peyton. He's probably telling this guy's more athletic than Peyton, than Eli combined have the better arm than Bose of them. Oh man. It take it. Take more than That though. Huh? You know, I know Brandon Holman. That was awful.


I couldn't tell if he was playing for the lives of the Cowboys. Let's just call It Spade a spade. The Cowboys are a bad team. The offense is bad and they're bad on defense this year. I said That, but everybody wanna give Dak a pass when the Lions score is Dak not allowed to get the balling score. Two Ocho Can most definitely. Okay. Lion score again. Is Dak not allowed to get the ball and score? Can I? Every time, every time Dak is allowed to score. This is a basketball where you play. Make it take it. You make the basket, you get to take It. Unlike basketball, you know, in, in a, in a, in a football, in a basketball game.


Hey guess What. When They score, you get the ball, you get a chance to go score too. But y'all wanna give 'em a pass. Y'all wanna talk about how bad the defense is. Your defense atrocious. Even with the defense being bad, the offense still gotta score. Can thank you, thank you. And they're not doing their JLab on either side of the ball. You know what's funny? You know what's gonna happen? Where They, The Cowboys play bad. Dak Dak played bad. Watch They come out the bad weekend just and win 10th straight or some shit like That. It's like something crazy. Ojo.


Ain't nothing That crazy. They're not, You don't think so? No. No. We gave you the schedule. You wanna hear it again? Nah, nah, nah, you gave it to me because eight eight That. Next five That. Next five. Ooh, Rap Raffi collect. Jared had an opportunity to get Elite running back and a wide receiver like T Higgs or Ka Keenan Allen in the off season. Jared, the problem can We know That Hey Jerry need to act like the Yankees on offense, man. Act like the Yankees. Matter of fact, Jerry Jerry's go get t Higgins next year.


T Higgins and cd. You already got, you got, first of all, you got CD making 34 million, right? What, you going to pay TT need to make 30. So I got a, I got a $60 million quarterback, a wide receiver. That makes 35 another wide receiver. That makes 30. Okay, lemme ask you this can, how much you gonna pay Michael Parsons? Hey? We gonna, We gonna pay Micah back. What what's, who, who make the most TJ wa What? TJ wa make Joy Bosa, I mean, Nick Bosa What. Nick make a can About 32.


Okay, we'll give, we'll give Michael, we'll give Michael 34. We'll just let him set the market. 34 What. You gonna pay him in Bitcoin under the table? Oh, well We gonna get it to him under the table. Huh? We gonna get It to him under the table. Baby. I, I wouldn't advise That, but I mean, and you got Trayvon digs making 19 Can TJ makes the most 30. How much Nick make? How much Odoo Nick Most will make? I'm tripping. I forgot about Miles. Gary can, I thought can Hey? I I don't know it.


Listen, I I know the numbers, the numbers be high, but I'm just, eh, cd need another, another dog on That other side. Huh? You hear me? can But that's What. Michael's playing now. Mi re moment Michael in the defensive end Hey Chad, y'all You hear me Chad? I know y'all You hear me. Huh? CD need another dog on the other side of him. can I'm telling you, listen to me. I lie for you before I lie to you. Or you get CD got another dog on the other side of him. I'm talking about like That boy. I ain't talking about no, just no anybody. I'm talking about That boy. Can you imagine t Higgins and goddamn CD Lamb? Boy? No. I can't imagine That You can't Just like, you can't imagine CD use Case Chase and, and t Higgins because if you You, imagine him paying him 34.


You You, imagine t Higgins staying in Cincinnati and What you call him getting thirty six, thirty seven and then them paying him 30. See I was just, I was just throwing It out. There. I'm just speaking hypothetical. No, I, I I You wish I You wish I'm trying to, I'm trying to, I'm trying to to breathe Hope into the Cowboys fans. You know, I'm trying to give Jerry some ideas 'cause I know Jerry Watt, Jerry watch our show. can Little, little, you ain't even know That Jerry watched the show. I talked to him. Well clearly he ain't listening. Rax Belichick is head coach Robert, solid to the cow. D as DC for the Cowboys. Jerry is not gonna have somebody There that's a bigger name than him. But listen. Oh, bill don't play That shit.


Bill wouldn't go There. No way did he say Bill can. Oh man, bill don't play That man. Bill don't play That All That talking and all That. Man ain't ain't no way he had in hell Bill going to That Circus. Absolutely not. Because if Bill goes to That Circus, then he becomes a clown can. Oh no, absolutely not. And if Bill was to go to the, to the Cowboys, then That mean I wouldn't be able to work with him on Wednesdays. That ain't happening. Mike, Mike said with you and Ocho, everybody the Cowboys, if y'all take over, if y'all take over and get Jerry out, They might start winning rings with What. Me and OCHO can't even play for the equipment.


Let alone the whole damn pee We be broke buying Gatorade. Man, you gotta have 300 million in cash just to operate a professional team. Oh, hold on. Hell nah. Now listen, I know some people in Mexico, right? Can Now if you wanna Odoo something, I I I speak a little Spanish now I You, I You let 'em know We would think about making an investment. Now They You lend us the money to buy the Cowboys. Now I don't know how the hell We gonna pay They ass back, but I can get you the money Hey.


I don't wanna get no knock on the door. And I look out There and I see a whole bunch of vans out There and I see, I see some guys with, with with badges around the neck. Nah, I'm good. Ocho I'm let you, I'm gonna let you have That one. I'm let you have That one. I don't want, I don't want no part of That Hey. I'm, I'm just tell you there's always a way. Right? I know people not No, that's a good one. That's a good one. You, you try to have us like Ozark have us like, like Marty Bird on the run. Oh no Hey you You you You be Marty and I be Ruth Or Ruth leg more Can Hey Ruth Lang more Darlene man.


Now if I had Darlene on Ruth Lang more on my side, I might think about it. Hey, you got as should be Darlene Brian in say what's up Uncle Ocho We put bell to as today praying for quick recovery for my boy Hutch. Who can We expect? Okay, who can We expect for us to trade for DYI already told you you should trade for. I'm called, as a matter of fact, I was on the, I was, as soon as he went down, I was on the phone calling the Raiders right Away. Huh? It might It might When, when, when, when is the trade deadline? Huh?


When the trade deadline, like first week, October. I mean November. They pushed it. Oh, We got a long way to go. November 5th. can first week of our first week of November, They pushed it back. Okay, Can We got time? We got time. Well if anything, if any new, any, any moves need to be made, They need to be made now. Oh, We is thinking about it. Oh, can for sure. But all I You all I can Odoo is That. I that's What. I would Odoo because he is a difference maker. He gonna make the defense better. They played unbelievable on defense today. They got three pigs got a FBO sat well you Seen were you seen Brian Branch?


Listen. Oh yo, the, I posted a Tweet about, I posted a tweet yesterday. No, today when I was watching the game and I looked at the tweet and it's like, I asked people how Odoo I find old tweets about somebody because I was watching buddy play last year and it was so good every week he was standing out on film and I had some, somebody did a little collage of all the tweets and it looked so god damn creepy. 'cause I was tweeting about the man every goddamn month during the season, he nice boy Can


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Acki is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Ow. And our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C,


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to Chumba Casino dot com. At Chumba Casino I You play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more Plus. I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad. That up here. I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo Chum. Live the TMBA life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tmbacasino.com. btw room, no purchase necessary void prohibited by loss. Terms What conditions 18 Plus.


Did you know every three seconds? Someone is a victim of identity theft? LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. This cybersecurity awareness month. Adding multi-factor authentication like a text with a security code is one way to boost your security. But for comprehensive protection, trust LifeLock LifeLock alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal info and steps in to resolve issues That arise, guaranteed or your money back. Protect yourself with a 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms apply.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is back and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all the club soccer has a whole new format. And this year's Champions League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next up, We got r Madrid versus Doman on Tuesday, October 22nd, and then Barcelona versus Byron on Wednesday, October 23rd. It is Champions, plan Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a read to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays because nobody watches the U four Champions League like us Paramount Plus is the home of the UFA Champions League stream. Every match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Try for free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


Did you know That parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Well you see That interception That? He made That first one. Which one? Oh, the first one He was supposed he had Tober the man can but he was late getting over and just sloughed off and picked back on the silver route to cd. Right. Listen, There was no threat. The sideline, right. There. I might as well just play play back a little bit. It's no different than That. If You can in the open field and you and you and you got two men, you got the, you got, you got the number two running to the corner and you got somebody in the flat too. I'd rather, I'd rather, I'd rather play, I'd rather play the corner rod than play the goddamn flat. But Here's the thing though. And Get the interception Ocho, but he was coming down to take Bert on the man. 'cause he got him in.


Man Can And he just, he was so late getting over. Right. And Dak. Oh he Just, he just floated off. Dak had threw the ball before CD was out of his break. He like, well hell, oh thank you Dak Can, that's It fell right up into the route. That's tough. It is. It absolutely is. Lanie Ray says feel better Shannon Odoo. You guys have a special routine of food to drink. That always made, made you feel better when you were ill as a kid. I re moment watching prices. Right. Eating saltines and drinking ginger ale. No I Don't, I don't get sick often. I don't get sick often. But We know We know We know food.


I ate We know We know What. I ate Nah, I ain't want to get sick because I don't know how That did in the north. But in the south you gonna get some cast oil. You can gonna get some Master. You can gonna get a whole bunch of stuff because They thought the key to getting anything outta your system is going to the bathroom. Right. Or or going to sleep. You got a headache. Go lay. Go lay your ass down. You'll be all right. I'm trying to figure out if I got a headache. Why Odoo? I need to go poop What time. You gonna Odoo? I got a headache. Oh You know What. I'm saying you got a cold boy, you need a, you need to take some action. Medicine Circle, black Draw Cal Store.


No, I just, my stomach just hurt. You know sometimes your stomach just hurt. You know your head just hurt. You got a cold or something man. I was like, no, but I try not to drink tea 'cause I don't wanna be up all night. 'cause like I said, my bladder's like this big. Oh, can, can, can, can. So because They already know when I get off the plane, Can I go to the bathroom? Soon as I get off the plane, You just like, you can, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm the complete opposite. I drink, I drink, I drink all day. You go three days when I go to the bathroom. Huh? Ash We took We, took a flight. We took a flight. 12, 13 hours. Ashe get up one time she done drink about four or five Coca-Colas.


Two bottle of water. Right. Get get all We. Get all We, get all the way through a passport. We get all the way through. What. Odoo. They Call What They call That Immigration. Can She wait, she gets to the hotel 15 hours. Who go 15 hours without going to the bathroom. Mojo and then They drug, a case of Coke and two liters of water. You gotta be able to hold That thing. Huh? My Bad. I ain't holding nothing. That's why I get a aisle seat because I'm going, sir, you need to fasten your seatbelt. You wanna clean up some p You can go to the bathroom or You can or You can work in a nursing home.


You got one or two choices. Oh, I recommend you. Lemme go to the bathroom. That's What that's my recommendation to you. Right. Nice. And said hello O Shannon Ocho. Here's some good medicine. Get some whole bitter root cut in a little piece and chew it like gum. Wait, cut. Who? Bitterroot? It's called Bitterroot. I know What That is. I still Dog. I didn't even know, I did not even know my voice was like this. 'cause I didn't, I hadn't spoke to anybody today so I didn't know. I didn't know my voice was like this until I had to Odoo a read before I was like, oh man, Can ain't ain't bad. It ain't good. Ain't good. I I know Hey.


Listen, you know You can not supposed to swallow but go ahead. You good Man. Go ahead over with That foolishness. I got you. I guess I need to hit the road then. Dr. Frankie Al Bellamy said if you had two options, you You either have a woman who makes just as much of you, just as much as you, if not more money, or you You have a woman who is up and up the same values as you but not quite There yet, which would you take? I'm gonna go ahead and sit this one out. But go ahead and answer. I ain't Finn even finna get me in trouble saying the the wrong shit. If I have no choice, a woman That makes just as much if not more.


You gotta be, you gotta be careful too. On the way you answer That at least be That That least be real short. You ain't got, you ain't got, you ain't got much room for error boy. It, depending on who it is, Can, I don't know man. Ocho That Shit, different woman making just as much as me if not more. She Odoo Boy. You ain't got no room for error. Be careful. Or same values. I think I'm gonna take the values. Can, I Think I take the values because I don't, I mean look me, I don't care. I don't care.


Hell You can make 30,000, 50,000 We good. Can We gonna be good. Just understand That, Hey Daddy, daddy gotta work. Can Daddy you Bose lady said hi Shannon. I work and play hard a certain gent You. Ask a certain lady to ice cream crumble cookie for a birthday in Atlanta.


She says yes. They vibe. He gives his gift from his bday as friends. We should. Oh I I I'm like, is she asking me out What the hell is crumble. Cookie Hey man. What man Rev you holding That. Them big a coming them big ass boxes, man. The big old cookies, man. I don't, I don't listen, try I, I tasted It. I don't see What. The whole, the hype is about It. I like my normal cookies I get from Publix. You know you roll the dough out, put 'em on the foil and put 'em in the oven. That's What. I like, I like my oatmeal cookies. I like my, my my raisin, my oatmeal raisin cookies.


I like my chocolate chip cookies. That's It all the extra crumble this and crumble That. And then it cost too much. You seen the price point of them cookies Can, Hey can. I'm good Hey lady. I, I like lady cooking. You That just me That just me ojo. I like That cookie Hey, all this Hey uncle all this new stuff man. All this new stuff man. Cost too damn much. I'm good. I'm good. She said I work hard, I play hard. A certain J You. Ask a certain lady to ice cream. I'm gonna have to take my lac. I would have to take my lactate pills with me for her birthday in Atlanta.


She says yes, They vibe can, he gives his gift from his birthday as friends. Damn. Mm Okay. Alright. What you think Joe What you thinking Shoot. I don't, I'm kind of confused on What. They trying to say. Huh? You know What, I'm saying? I said Break it down, break it down to me. In, in in in layman terms. You know. In other words, long story short though. So she tried to go 12 rounds with the Champ. Oh, oh, oh, oh.


She asked you on a date. She tried to go 12 rounds with the Champ. Can can Hey get her number real quick? Tell her tell her shoot You can dm. I'm just look at it. Hey sis Hey shoot up, shoot Uncle dms send, send me your numbers in your and on Instagrams send it to him. Sis you gots on you, you got sparks on. Keep them things. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. And she in Atlanta too. So That mean, you know, That, that's, I think, I think, you know, you gotta, y'all make That happen. I wanna know What happened. Hurry up, hurry up. Hurry. Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell Me. I, it it's, you know, in all prize fights.


We schedule 'em for 12. Right? Right. Knockout normally happens about two to three. I I ain't, I ain't been outta the third. I ain't been outta the third in several years. O Joe. I don't know. What it. Go ahead give It to give It to Hey chap. That's What she want, that's What. She asking for I be on them rubies Can Hey re moment What. She called can and you know I hit That clock. I put That star clock on them. Right, but what's That? What's That? What That was, That's the clock That I hit.


Oh, you got a real clock. I be okay. I been here 15 minutes. Okay. It's time to wrap it up. It's time to tie, it's time to put a ball on. This one Can. No, it's time to put a ball on though. Clock Hey. I gotta, I gotta try That. I gotta try That. Oh. can have a whole clock. So you know how long you've been Okay. can That was nice. I like, I like That. Patrick, Arthur, UNC and Ocho don't, don't come to Sioux Falls. Someone just stole my car man so much for me trying to put a small city on God is good though. Love always. Damn Pat.


Maybe It was a Buffalo What happened. The Sioux Falls South Dakota isn't it? Falls Dakota. Damn. Alan Fletcher o Your unc Odoo NFL play players under the table until y'all said something. I didn't even think about it. Hell nah, Not That. I bro look here man. By the time, by the time Roger Goodell labor That fine and take so many draft picks from you, Boy you won't even have a theme. You or you won't be able to have one for a long time.


You have to cut so many plans because he gonna take What. He gonna Odoo is take That cap space Can Take That cap space. Ke Norwood Jr. Unc, my question is, is it a disappointment if Aaron Rogers does not get another championship before he die Retires Can, I think it's disappointing. That, he didn't have one. He doesn't have more than one can considering how talented he is and was. Now he's not the same player That he once was. But if you look at it, the man got four MVPs and he's never been back to a Super Bowl. And you look at the weapons That he had Can Can, and the last couple of years he'd had a defense to compliment it.


can, it's, it's, I'm not saying look and What, the expectations are this year Ocho, because What did They say this team is a quarterback away Way from the Lombardi. It You be serious playoff contenders. Contenders can he Hasn't played well. No, but We gonna see. Wait. They play tomorrow night, huh? Mm They play tomorrow can play Monday night. Football Can, can can. Jeff Bills. Jess bills. Woo. Okay. That is, that's gonna be a nice one. Yes. Her home. Yes. Yes. Good. Nice one.


So big boy toys. I'm a stealer fan. My mom is a Raider fan in Oakland. Raider, excuse me, fan. To be specific, I was talking trash after the wind. Now my mom is kicking me out the house. She don't love me no more. What Odoo. I Odoo. I ain't going nowhere, mama. Period. She love You can Hey. I was squat, you know, squatters got rights in California. can Sure Odoo, I'm, I'm gonna try That go in them big old houses, Hey 56 million and just squatting, That thing.


Sometimes you pick the wrong day to play. Okay? You catch somebody on the day, the right day, right in the wrong way. People play too much. Y'all know damn well That at your house. Y'all go in There and when people Odoo something bad to you, oh you didn't have to Odoo That. You You have called the authorities. Well I call the authorities and They wouldn't get their ass up out of There, man. Don't be going to people house talking about you own this house. And I purchased the deed and all kind people be playing entirely too much these days. Ocho can I, I'm just trying to figure out how those squatters even have rights to be in something.


That, They don't own. Man. Man, look here. We don't We. We got a lot of crazy ass laws out here. That Odoo more protecting of people. That That shouldn't have rights, right? As opposed to the people That aren't supposed to have rights. But that's a, that's a story for another day. We'll discuss It, don't you? Yes sir. But coming my house, you want to talking much. You own something up here. You can gonna get exactly What, You can looking for Jay Anderson. Hey Uncle Ocho Hey. Unc Ocho owes you money. Said OBJ was gonna get a thousand yards this year. Break Bread Ocho The season ain't over yet. How many get so They played five days.


You know, We only in week six, right? Can We got a long We We still got 11 games to go. The most yards OOBJ has had in a season is probably What 1400. What's the most yards o BJ's had in the season? Because What, We, You Odoo extrapolate What. He would need to Odoo in order to It's po It's possible. 1450. That's the most yards he's had in a season, so, huh? His second year in the league. Fresh. Whatcha trying to say He has not had a thousand yards in a season since 2019?


What year. We in right now. 2024. Come on, break bread now. I will let you buy out for not below asking price if you play this out till the season. I'm gonna have to ask for full price. I got hope. Okay, I got belief. Okay. That, What, you got Can. Oh, okay. All right. Let's say 500 yards. Okay? I tell you What can pay off That original bet and then We You place a new bet for 500 yards. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna stay. I'm gonna stay with a thousand.


Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite number, 85 Liberty City's own Cincinnati bingo legend ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit That subscribe button. Please make sure you hit That like button. And guys Odoo us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Every subscriber matter. We, thank you for helping us ascend to where we've become where We are. Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Porter by the end of the year. We will be in between 14 and 16 states.


If we're not currently in a state or sitting near you, We have It in stock. You can order it and we'll ship it right to your door. Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. UNC and ocho ts are back in stock. I repeat Unc and ocho ts are back in stock. And some of you guys have reached out to us and said, let us know That, you have started to receive your orders. You got the email confirmation. So hopefully by the this week all orders That were placed within the last three weeks will be shipped and you'll have your merchandise. We greatly appreciate your support and We even appreciate more your patience.


Please make sure you go vote for us for the Signal Awards. Nightcap was nominated for two awards. Best Live podcast recording. We're currently in second place and the best co-host team. We're currently in second place. Voting is open through October 17th, midnight. Just like the Webbys, you can create an account and verify the email. Again, you have to create an account and verify your email Club Shesha. We're nominated for three awards, popular culture and variety show Best Athletes Shaping Culture Show and the best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. Thank you for your support. As always, the Bengals go on the road and get a much, a much needed win to approve to two and four They beat the giant 17 seven on the road.


Jerry Jones held head Hung low They lose at home for the third time this season. And for the fourth time in fourth meeting for home games because re moment They lost the playoff game last year. They lost to Detroit Lions 47 to nine. Even though the lion, even though the win was bittersweet, They did lose Hutchinson. Aiden Hutchinson for the remaining of the season with a compound leg fracture. Who else The Ravens beat. The Commanders 2330 to 23 win their four straight game. Lamar Jackson was sensation with 323 passing yards. And Derrick Henry had over 130 yards rushing as They win four straight, the bucks go on the road and win 51 27 over the Saints, the Texans Trounce the Patriots.


The the Texans are now five in one and the Eagles beat the Browns 2016 Steelers beat the Raiders Bears beat the Jags Cols beat the Titans. So again, thank you for joining us. Tuning in for another episode of Nightcap We. See you tomorrow, Keith Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after Monday Night Football. Thanks for joining us. I love y'all. good night, The. Volume


CBS. Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirky is crime solver. I'm L's. SI work with the police Is back and ready to go Toe to toe. Yes, with a cavalcade of guest stars, you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary. That Sounds like Fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new. CBS Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus


Looking for excitement. Jumbo Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So What, are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba. Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Cmba life@cmbacasino.com. Pgw group, no purchase necessary Void, web, prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18, Plus,


State, Farm, and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and can of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something That slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to Odoo credit repair for me. That was a, a gift. That I gave myself, That allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings You can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uua four Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.