
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, and you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the Player playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Most mobile is now legit nationwide, 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speeds not available in all areas.


Okay, we got it. We got him laed up. Okay guys, joining us right tonight, the three times WBC champ at in super middleweight 29 and oh 24 knockouts. David Ben Viez. David, how you doing, bro? I'm doing great brother. Thank you guys for having me on. I really appreciate no invitation being here. Thank you. Okay, David Morrell, what can we expect in this fight? So, David Merrill, the reason why I picked this guy is because he's the top fighter at light heavyweight division. Okay. You know, so me, I understand that I wanna make my own path and I gotta be the best and no matter who it may be. So David Morell, he's considered the best of light heavyweight, but I'm just the Mexican monster and I'm gonna show exactly what I made of this Saturday.


And like I said, you know, this is, this is this, this is a real beef. I'm going in there to break Dre's mouth. He had a lot to say about me. So he has to, he has to live up to everything he said about me. I like it. Hey, listen Dave, listen. I, we we know each other very well, man. You started boxing at the age of three. Can you share some memories from your early training days and what drew you to the sport at such a young age? Yeah, definitely. I remember training in the garage with my dad, with my dad and my brother. I know just being a little kid, running miles and sparring all the kids in the neighborhood sparring, everybody basically, basically earning my respect and sparring the better people and beating them up. Then going to different cities and beating them up and just making my name like that.


And you know, basically what, what drew me to the sport more. What made me grow passionate of it. It was, it was, it's not how you look or it's not how you acted, it's how you fought. Right. That's how we gained the respect. And you could look a a certain type of way, but you could be a whole different type of way in the ring. And, you know, because of me, when I was younger I was chubby or so people made fun of me, but when I got their ass in the ring, they ain't had nothing to say me after that. Right. So that's really, that's really what drew me to the sport and that's what made me have the passion that happened to the sport today. With all the fights you've had to date. Right. Is there one fight that you consider the most defining moment in your career? Or you haven't had that, that fight yet? I, I, I feel like I haven't had that fight yet.


I feel like the one that really put me on the map was when I fought Caleb plant. Yeah. 'cause you know, I kind of really got my story out there and it wasn't a hard fight to be honest with you, but that was really the one that put me on the map. Look, you're fighting David Morrell, but we, everybody knows you. Everybody, everybody in the sport even you're not in the sport. They know you want one fight. You want Canelo Alvarez. Why is it so important for you to fight Canelo? Because that's just gonna define, you know, my history. And that's basically that fight is a passing of the torch from one great Mexican fighter to another. But that's why that fight isn't happening because that other Mexican fighter doesn't want to pass the torch because he knows once I get his ass in that ring, all his title's gonna come with me.


And he's not ready to be sacrificed like that yet. And at the end of the day, like I said, if he was so confident in his skills that he could come beat me, why does he just come shove me up and get a big bag out of it too? Because this is the biggest fight in boxing, whether you like it or not, you know, whether somebody says it is or it's not. This is the fight that everybody wants to see. I'm a hundred percent confident in myself. I know I can, I will go in there and I'll beat Canelo. He knows that he can't beat me. That's why he doesn't wanna gimme the opportunity. That's why he'd rather fight, fight. That's why he'd rather fight Edgar lingo because he knows he can't mess with the Mexican monster. Hey, I like, I love Dave thought you my dog.


I love the confidence. Where does a confidence like this come from to know Canelo one of the greatest fighters of all time? I I think most would probably when he argue the fact, what is it about what you've done or what you've achieved makes you feel that you can beat Canelo no matter what, hands down. Where does the confidence come from? Because I've been putting in the work for a long, long time. I've been sparring nothing but world champions, you know, in my a adolescence. Yes sir. When I was 14 years old, I sparked Peter Quillen, he was a champion 14 years old. I was sparring Latif Kabi, he was a champion. 15. Kelly Pavlik 16 Dekin 17 Gilberto Ramirez, 18 vol.


And I was, not only was I holding my ground with these fighters, I was getting the best out of them. And that's how I know I'm a different type of, I'm a different caliber fighter, sir. And honestly, at the end of the day, I believe in myself. I believe in my skills. I believe that, you know, I can manifest whatever I desire. You know, I'm, I I'm, I'm really connected with my mind, my mind, body and soul. So I know whatever I set my mind to, I'll manifest. And that's how I know I will be Canelo because I have 110% confidence in myself. And whatever I send my mind to, I'll accomplish. Listen, as much as I love the, I I love boxing. I love the sea, the, the sweet science. I love everything about it. So when I think about Canelo, and at some point I think this fight will happen When it happens, I'm not sure, but if it is to happen, would you prefer to fight at 1 68 for the undisputed super middle way or you open the face him at a catch weight or you to fight at heavyweight?


To be honest with you, you on give, Can you steal David? Can you? Yes. I dunno if you want somebody froze. Hold, hold, hold on Dave. Hold on one minute. Is that us? I can see you not Ky moving.


Okay, go. Go ahead Dave. I'm just, so, so what, what I asked you if would you prefer to fight at one sixty eight, a hundred sixty eight pound for the undisputed super metal weight title? Or you open to face him at a catch weight or hell even heavyweight? What, what do you think? Oh look, I'm, I'm gonna play, I'm gonna predict the future right here. I'm gonna talk to you. The only way I see this fight happening is me going up or winning all the belts at light heavyweight. Right? Right. Winning all the Undisputable titles. And then me and Canelo fight at a catch weight 1 72 or 1 73 for the 1 68 pound titles and the 1 75 pound titles. I think that will entice Canelo will fight because it would make this fight fight a hundred times bigger and it'll be the biggest fight in the Mexican boxing history.


And that's the way I see that fight playing out. I feel like in my heart, I definitely feel in my heart that's how that fight's gonna happen. And I will be the greatest Mexican fighter of all time. I like it. I love It. David, what is it? What is it? When we think, when we think of, when we think of boxing and we think of Mexican boxer, we think of machismo. We see De La Jolla, we see Chavez, we see all these great Mexican fighters and we know they're gonna not go out on their shield that nothing else. A do not, I don't care. Let me die in this ring. Do not throw that towel in. Do not stop this fight. We going out, we gonna go out. What is it that, that you guys put so much pride in boxing.


I just feel like it's, you're not gonna let somebody out man in this sport. It's the only sport that could be man to man. And I'm gonna fight, you know, I'm not gonna let somebody make me look bad in front of my people. This is how it is. This is why it's some machismo. This is a Mexican style boxing. We're gonna, we're gonna keep going toe to toe until one goes to the floor. And I guarantee you that one is not gonna be me. I'm gonna be the one going toe to toe and I'm gonna be knocking everybody out. And that's how much confidence I have in myself. And I feel like that's just the Mexican blood of me. I feel like all Mexican fighters think like that. Oh, you What you think the holdup is. Is it money?


Do he, does he say you're asking for too much money? Does he want too much money? No. So when, when they offered Canelo, he, he only gives, when you fight Canelo, you only get a flat fee of $5 million, which I'm totally fine for that. But like I said, he's looking for the easier fights. He doesn't want the hard fights. Like I said, that's why he's going with Langa. He went with Jaime mug. Miguel, I feel like this fight's Inev is gonna be inevitable because I'm not going nowhere. You know, I just turned 28 years old. I'm coming into my prime and I feel the best I've ever felt. And I'm not going nowhere. I guarantee you I'm gonna be the last man standing.


So when Canelo, he's through with all the little fires he's fighting, he's dumb fighting all the weak fighters, he's fighting. You know, there's gonna be a real man right here standing in front of him. I like it. Let, let's go, let's go back to what's happening in Fe February 1st. David Benna Vita is the Mexican monster versus David Morrell. And we, we know we, you, you watched Morel. I've watched Morell, I've saw Morere before. Morell is known for his aggressive style. What do you see as his biggest strengths? And do you see any holes in his game that you may be be able to expose? You know, whether it be mid-range, whether it be in the pocket? What, what's, what's the game plan if, if you're allowed to talk about that? Yeah, David Morrell, he's a great fighter, but this is what, what sets me apart from everybody else.


I make the great fighters look average. And with David Morrell, he moves around really good. But you know, like I said, I cut the distance, I throw punches and bunches. I throw hard body shots. He's never faced nobody like me, right? He's never faced nobody that throws combinations like me attacks to the body. And that could take a punch, you know, like I said, we're gonna go toe to toe for, we're gonna go toe to toe all day. So all that stuff he was talking about me saying that he was gonna knock, I was gonna hurt me. You know, I'm gonna be there to test his chin and I'm gonna be, I, I wanted the fight. Like I said, I, I, I like to be, I like to be the ass that's not scared, you know what I mean? So I'm going in there, I'm putting everything on the line and I will get David Morell out of there. I I like it. I'm excited man. I'm excited. I can't wait till February 1st.


Man. What I, well, I can talk boxing all goddamn damn night. Go ahead uncle. Go ahead. Go ahead. What, what about some of the other fighters? What about Boval? What about better bbl? Yeah, so after this fight, after I beat David Morrell, I'm gonna be put in line to fight for all the titles. That's why I was telling Chad that Ocho single, that this is, that's why I see the fight with me and Cano. It's, it's inevitable was it's definitely gonna happen because once I get all those titles, you know, that's gonna be the only thing enticed Canelo. But I understand that better be and Val, they're great fighters. Yeah, I used to, I used to spar Val, I sparred him a lot. So I know him up close and personal, but they're great fighters. But like I said, I understand that, you know, greatness isn't given.


It's earned. So I'm gonna go take my greatness. I like it. That's the fight. David Benavidez. David Morro. David Morale. February the first, 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific on Prime video. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, Dave, I got a question. Yeah. In between, right? Let's say after, after morale fight, anything in between you, you wanna fight, you wanna fight me as a tuneup, A tuneup match. Before you get to Canelo, you get to anybody else. Come on, bro. I used to watch you when I was in seventh grade. Used to be my favorite player. I don't wanna, I don't wanna do you like that, bro? Come on. We didn't don't like that.


Hey, Hey, I'm, I'm, Hey, I'm, I'm gonna knock you off and it's gonna hurt my heart. Nah, nah, no, no, no. Listen, it, it's, it's called when, whenever you ready, when you wanna get some work in, man, I'm, I'm ready. But look, dude, listen, I, I love you. I'm excited for the game, for the, for the fight, you know, February 1st, and I, I wish you nothing but luck, man. Have a good one. Thank you, brother. I love you too, man. And like I said, I've been a lifelong fan of you guys, man. Both of you guys, man. So it's, I, it's an honor to be here. Well, thank you so much. David Benavidez takes on David Morrell, February the first, 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific on Prime video. Good luck, David. Thank you for joining us, man.


We'll be, we'll talk to you down the road, hopefully within the next year. That fight with Canelo takes place. And we'll have you right back here again. Yes, sir. Thank you guys, man. Take care. Thank You bro. Appreciate it. Oh, Joe, check this out. You heard him, you scared of me. He scared me. If he fights at super middleweight, which is 1 68, he's probably walking around at one 90 Ocho so he's probably walking around at your size. Yeah. Yeah. And, and he tall with it too. Yeah, he tall with good, deep, good defense. Everything. He's, he's always tight, you know, like, like he said, like he said earlier, he throw, he throw them punches in bunches.


So it's gonna, it is gonna be a very, it's gonna be a very good fight. I'm not, I'm not sure if you know anything about David Morrell, but David Morrell is, is good. He got, he got power. He can move around when he needs to, you know, he can sit in the pocket when he needs to. He can fight in mid range. He can fight from distance. Got good ring iq. He's, he's young. He doesn't have that many fights up under his belt. But he's so good, which is why he's very confident he can get in there and go toe to toe. Go to toe to toe. We better be there. So I'm excited for it and I can't wait. It's gonna be a good one. I think the thing is ojo, but look, if everybody's coming to fight, like they say, Yeah, Somebody gonna to get LA because a, when you, well, here's the thing. Now when you throw punches, you can't protect your chin.


When you throw, when you out here, what you protected with something gonna come. Oh yeah, you gotta wait for something gonna be coming back. Oh yeah. Every time. Every time. Especially at that level. Yes. That's why, that's why Ring IQ is important. It's the chess match As you go. It's the Chest. As you go up in weight classes, them punches get harder and harder. Harder and harder. Yeah. And one punch turns the lights outta the building. Yeah. Oh yeah. But I can't wait to see that fight. Oh, Joe Basketball de Aaron Fox to the Spurs the Kings received dozens of call about the Aaron Fox. He reportedly has a favorite destination in mind. The San Antonio Spurs. There will be a partnership, an ascending center, Victor Wema, to create one of the best young duos in the Western conference.


Do you like D Fox? Swipe a Fox added to San Antonio? I mean, I do like it in, in a sense, you, you think about in Sacramento, where are they going, where are they headed? Could it be a, say a situation similar to that of in Portland Damon Ard Yes. Being important, you know, overstaying, you know, I I don't wanna say overstaying his welcome, but allowing him to go somewhere else where he can get, get some, get so done and compete, you know, for, for, for a championship. I think Darien Fox have an opportunity to go over there with Victor Mbma. Did I say that right?


Yeah. Winman Yama. Yeah. Go over there with Victor Wi Yama, who is one of the best in the NBA right now, I think they can continue to build in a, at, in at one point challenge, you know, for, for a trophy. Yeah. I think the thing is Ocho I, I'm looking, I'm like San Antonio and I get Wim, you would think like guy, most guys want to go to New York, they wanna go to la they want to go to these, one of these big markets. San Antonio's not a big market. That tells me like, Hey, I wanna win and go to another team. Ocho you lose a year. So instead of getting a five year, you gotta get a four year right. But he's willing to forego that. That tells me that, you know, he doesn't feel like he can accomplish what he wants to accomplish.


And that's the win. Because you gonna get money wherever you go, right? I mean, what can't you, what can't you do with 250 million, 270 million that you can do with 300 million, you still be whatever you wanna buy, you still be able to buy it, Right? Yeah. He's one of the best young guards. Super quick cat, quick lives in the lane, look, got a nice little flow game. Could shoot, you know, could shoot step back or kind of remind you a little bit like Tony Parker, you know, Tony Parker lived in the lane, played amongst the creed, but the difference is Had a, he had a, a beautiful floater To there. Yeah. Darren Fox was a lot more athletic than, than Tony Parker.


Tony Parker didn't, didn't have the athleticism that de Aaron Fox did, but he was crafty. He knew how to get his shot off, especially in the paint. Like I said, he was lived in the pain, but Right. Darren Fox, like I said, I'm surprised Ocho that the Spurs, there are not a whole lot of people that says, oh, my destination is San Antonio. The only guy, the only fridge that I think that they've gotten via free agency is LaMarcus Aldridge. Yeah. When, when Tim fought, when Tim, when Tim, when Tim Duncan left LaMarcus Aldridge left San Antonio, excuse me, left Portland. Portland. When the Lakers thought, the Lakers thought they had him.


Right. And he ends up going to Portland, excuse me, ends up going to San Antonio. He left Portland. The Lakers thought they had him, but he bypassed the Lakers and went to San Antonio. That is the only free agent that I can think of. DeMar de Rosen. I think they traded for DeMar de Rosen. It's gonna be very, very interesting to see this thing. He, by the way there, free agency, but I, I'm not sure, but you know, they drafted KA Hawaii. Yeah, no, they didn't trade. Yes. Yes. They traded. Yeah, they traded De Martin Rosen for the Kauai. So that's how he ended up in San Antonio. They drafted Tim Duncan.


They drafted Manu, they drafted Tony Parker, they drafted David Robinson. So if you look at the night and look, they won. But I've never doubt a whole lot of friends since I understand tech, you know, Texas, no state income tax, but you got Dallas, you got Houston, you got people. Man, I wanna go to Houston, I wanna go to Dallas. I really never heard free agents say I wanna go to San Antonio. Darren Fox would be the first that I would've heard, say if I want to go to San Antonio. Yeah. Hey, he, he, he wants to win. He, he, he wants to win. He's standing on business and there's a great young team that is headed in the right direction and doing just that.


Winning. Yeah. And he signed, I think now he's with Clutch, which is Rich Paul's agency. Oh. Oh. And they they mean business. Yeah, he means business.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America. Members of DIC SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


What's up everybody? I'd na RK today with a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk. We get all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burke That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


In November. A Savannah man did what hundreds of million Americans do every year. He brought some, he purchased something online, but Sylvester Franklin did not get what he paid for. Franklin decided it was time for some new tools. So he logged to Ali Express and ordered a drill. They sent me a picture of what, what they sent me. He sent a picture. That's right. Franklin ordered a drill and what he got was a printed photo of a drill he ordered. But it gets worse. I paid $22 and 47 cents for a pressure washer. Pressure washer. And this is what I got. Franklin says it's a screw. I mean, you know what I, I'm gonna have something like that happens, right?


So when I think about Ali Express, I haven't ordered, you know, much of anything off of Ali Express, but, And I won't be. Yeah, how do you, how do you order something, pay full price for it and they send you a picture of said item that you purchased. Yeah, but I don't know if you gonna really expect, do you really expect to pay two to two $22 for a a a a drill? How much did he pay for the drill? I mean, I don't know. I don't know what I honestly know. I don't know what a drill costs Jordan. Look at what the price of a drill costs right quick. I Know it don't cost. No, I know it don't cost no damn $22. That don't even sound like It costs more than that, right? Yeah, it has to. I don't do construction 1 49.


Huh? So one between 1 49 and, and and $200. So he got Hey, yeah, he got got, I knew it wasn't gonna be no $22. Yes. I could have told, I could have told that. Now I don't even do, do construction. Yeah, I went to Ace Hardware, Lowe's or Home Depot somewhere. The Home Depot. Home Depot right down the street. Yeah. You know, because thing like that stuff, I can like, okay, lemme see, lemme see what I, what I, what I'm, is what I'm purchasing is it equipped to do the job that I'm gonna need it to do. So that's probably something you probably need to see up close and personal LoJo. But yeah, bro, they they got you. They got you. Hold on. Matter of fact, speaking, speaking of, are you, are you, are you a handyman? Are you like, like Tim?


Like Tim from what's, what's the Yeah, two time. Tim, can you, can you build stuff And No, no, no. Okay. Okay. I was just, just curious. You can't either. What? Hey, I took wood shop in high school. I Did too. I took Wood. I did too. I, I can put, I can put together a, an entire bed and bed frame with wood. All I need is some nails in It. I can break, I can break in a entire bread bed and bread frame. I can put it together though. I can do that because I lay heavy. I can take it apart. Now if you need somebody to take it apart, just call your boy. I do that for you. You put it back together, but I take it apart for you. No, no, no. But I took, no, no, I don't, I don't have, I'm not, God gave me a, the ability that God gave me was to play sports.


That's what I can do. You give me a football or basketball or baseball or something like that. But I can, I can, I can do that. But handy. I can't do that. I can't put if together I'm paying somebody to do that. That's why I got a, that's what I got a, I got a full-time handy guy that comes over. I So you Oh, you, oh you you got a handy guy. Yeah. Yeah, For sure. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Anything that breaks or needs to be put together, I call him. So what happens, what happens if you driving and you got a flat tire? That's what I got roadside assistance for. So you can't change the tires. I can change the tire, but I ain't paying the kind of money I'm paying for roadside assistance.


I'm gonna put that, I'm gonna send back there. Get out there. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I'm I'm just curious. The fact that you, the fact that you can do it. Yeah, I can change the Tire. Yeah. Change the ocho some of this stuff that they got together. Like, I had this guy, I, I bought a, a, a, a concept, a concept bike that you see a lot of times that these CrossFit gyms. Right Man, he laid out the instructions, man. I looked at, I went back in the house. I said I hey, I said you need some water. Next thing I know, like 20 minutes. He runs the doorbell. I'm done. Done. Yeah. I said you put that whole thing together.


He like, yeah. Right. He So you wanna test it out. Yeah. Some people, some people have a knack for that on They do. You look at all, you look, you look at all them directions. You look at all them nails and schools, they be like, man, hell nah. But you know what, same way you look at stuff like that, if you was to give them a playbook, they'd be the same way. Like what's the hell Exactly. I don't, hey, I'm good at, I'm gr I'm great at what I'm good at. Right, right. But what I'm not, I don't put any time trying, man. You need to learn. No, I don't. I don't. I'm too, I'm too old. I don't, I'm not trying to learn that. That doesn't interest me. In order to, for me to learn something, it really needs to interest me.


Ocho It just needs Right. You gotta have passion. Yes. Put stuff together that don't interest me learning how to cook. That doesn't interest me. I, I, I, now I look, you either, you either can pay. So you either do things Ocho you either pay somebody to do it because you can or because you can't, I can't do it. So I pay somebody to do it. I don't wanna do it. So I pay somebody to do it. I got a question. Yes. Now I'm not taking a survey but studies this Harvard show and say that women prefer a man that is handy and that can cook over one that can pay for the services and have someone else do it.


Well what are your thoughts on that? I ain't gonna find no woman that's, look, that wants somebody that can cook. 'cause I can't, I ain't gonna try to learn either. I mean, look, if a woman can cook, yeah, sure. I like, that's great. But that's not a deal breaker for me that she can't cook. But no, I'm saying women wanting a man that knows how to cook as opposed to having a man that could afford to have a chef. They out there. She like me. I wish you well. I, I don't know to tell you. I be, I'm just gonna be honest. I ain't gonna stand in the way. I can't, I'm not, I'm not trying to learn how to cook no oxtails and no stuff like that. I'm not trying to learn how to cook. No fried, fried chicken and all that other stuff. I'm not, I I ain't no sense in me lying to you.


I ain't gonna hold you. Right. That ain't, that ain't, that ain't me. So if you looking for somebody that can give you, that can cook for you and hey baby, I'm gonna make brunch for us and I'm gonna make some eggs Benedicts and I'm gonna make pancakes or I'm gonna make waffles and stuff like that. Bless his heart. Y'all deserve to be together. That's what you want. And that's what he can do. But that ain't me. Ocho check this out. A woman is crying after revealing to her husband. She never had an emergency savings account after she told him she did. Her husband thought, thank goodness we have that money you saved in your account. And now the woman is crying ocho if the money was never there, if this grounds to end the relationship.


Well yes, his grounds in the relationship because obviously I'm assuming he must have been giving her money Right. Put away into the savings account. So where's the money going? Obviously she's using the money for something and I, if they live together and that's the wife and he doesn't see her buying anything, the money got to be going somewhere. So not only is it grounds for whatever he needs and sees fit in doing after there is no savings account, something ain't right. And you know what option, you gotta be careful too on. Most of the time women have a savings account or a private account and they continue to save up and save up and save up and save up as an exit strategy as well. Yeah. I read, I think I read a study the other day, Ocho, that the divorces that 70% of the divorces are filed by women.


Hmm. You know, they, they they don't, they don't file 'em until there's a plan B in place. Oh no. Everything. Oh, women, women. No, no, no, no, no. Women, women are not gonna do anything like that. Women are a lot more methodical. They're plan. They're like, okay, okay. Yeah, Yeah. Let me have, make sure I got a place to go. They gonna, they, they know where they're gonna go. They don't start ordering. They don't start ordering off Wayfair. They got a little furniture coming that you don't know about. They got a little stash. They've been stashing, they've been paying the bills, but they've been popping a little bit. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hey, they done told their mom. They done told her sister. They done told the homegirl. Hey.


That's right. Listen, you, you always gotta stay two steps ahead. Any, any, any sign of anything that's outta character or that that's not normal and it raises your antennas, then you just have to understand you have to move a quarterly and be prepared for anything at that point. Well, or any, anything that, Well, I mean, you got your account, she got her account. Right. Then y'all have a joint account. Wait, wait, wait. If you have a joint account, it has to be a joint account that you guys start and you put money in together. Yes, Yes, yes. Right? Yes. Okay. And I don't know, it's in your account.


You don't know. It's in my account. We know it's in this one. We know it's in this one. Right. We pay bills. We pay bills outta this account. Hey, I I that I like, I like that. Now that, that structure discipline. If you, if you, if you can find someone like that where you guys both are doing well in, in, in your respective fields and whatever, whatever it is you do. And having that joint account and having that structure of starting off, let's, let's say as, as a couple just randomly, I'm just throwing a number out there. We put 5,000 in, you know, together, start off with 10 and then every time we get paid, we put a certain amount in and we continue to do that over time. Right.


Man, you know what that, you know what that'd be looking like at, at, at, you know, after a year and some time, man. Yeah. Every, everybody like, man, you, you gonna let you know your account. You gonna put your, your wife on your account. Are you high bro? Wait, if you get hold, if you married, you wanna put your wife on your account? Oh, You talking about where the, the, the, the, the where the money is? I'm talking about that. Yeah. Like real money That sir Man please. People must be think I was a, a dfu. Like I said, I got an account. Right. You got an account.


We got a joint account. Now are they parameters? I update my every, every two years because the money grows. Right. And so every two years I update it. Okay, this, this, oh, you acting a fool. You get a little less. I'm sorry, you less. Oh, oh, okay. Oh yeah. I update it. Yes, yes. The estate absolutely every two years and years and she will be taken care of and Right. Guess what? It's a neutral party. I a my sister, my brother. Ain't none of them 'cause money do funny things and I want, hey, well I'm gone to keep people accountable.


Hey, this is what you get also stipulations. If you contest anything, guess what. Right. You lose half of what you got. Right. Tread carefully. Be thankful. My brother loved me, my dad loved me. My homeboy, hey my homeboy looked out. Then hey, I got set up for certain charity. Savannah State gets a portion this gift, a portion, but oh absolutely no OYI worked too hard to be right. Right, right, right. To have, boy look, boy, you talking about crashing out? Nah. Ooh Man, would I, I don't play about that. Right. But she will be taken care of.


Now if she choose to go back to work, that's a her, That's a her. Right. But she'll be, she'll be, she'll have enough money. She won't have to work another day of her life. Now if she, if she's responsible now, if you go out there and let somebody invest it, hopefully she'll let the company, the, the management team that I have put together, hopefully she'll let them manage it and she'll have enough money, she can three, four, $500,000 a year for the rest of her life. Or she could let somebody swindle out of it and oh, well I don't, nothing I can do about that. Right, right, right, right. So yeah, that's, that's that's how I'm gonna look at that Ocho.


But you got to ocho I'm gonna, I'm make sure everybody's taken care of. Now I can only take care of you once. 'cause once I'm gone, there ain't no more Shannon. Yeah. So, Hey listen, and you know, women, women have to be, have to be very careful. Especially when they have someone like you or or ladies that, that are in the chat that are watching. And you, you have someone that you know is solid that you know, that you can depend on every month. If there are any issues that may, that may come up. You know, if you have someone that will provide and protect, you have to be very, very, very careful in thinking that because you might see all these other options that might be after you and chasing after you.


You have to be careful because losing someone like Sean that you know, you can depend on who's gonna protect, who's going to provide and that, you know, come hella come hella hot water. I got it. Yeah, No, you good. Even if I ocho even if I'm with a woman and we've been together for a length of time, we are not married. Oh, she taken care of. No, She taken care of. Yeah. As if, but it's the only thing is we don't have a piece of paper. Right. And you might not have my last name. Right. But I would take, I would make sure you're taken care of. And I ain't gonna nobody to say, well he would want me.


'cause I don't want nobody to say, well I ain't give you, give you nothing 'cause I ain't never liked you. No. It's gonna be in, it's gonna be in the paperwork. Oh yeah. I, I, I'm, I'm a firm believer in that. If I give somebody my word, say I I got this, I got you. I got you. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Most definitely. One More. Now it's time for final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Ah, Kimber Norwood Jr. Said, my question is, whose defense will be able to stop the run in the Super Bowl? And what I and I would love an 85 jersey from OCHO on my wall.


Ocho who you think, first of all, I think the thing is, is that the 40, not 49 ERs, the chiefs don't run the ball. They just, they wanna be efficient. They're trying to be explosive in the passing game. They're not trying to be explosive in the run game 'cause that's not what they have. The eagles wanna be explosive in the run game and efficient in the passing game. Right. 'cause they're not gonna throw the ball all over the field. They're not trying to let Jalen Hurst throw the ball 30, 45 times. That's not what they are. That's not who they are. It's not what they do. That's not what they asked him to do. Right. Not with two six in your backfield. Holy. Yeah. You don't have to, you don't have to. But this is the thing. Huh?


This is the thing. You have the thing I see Spag similar to Belichick. I see spa. If, if Belichick is playing the Bengals, He gonna make, he gonna make Jayla Hearst beat In doubling we doubling 85 all day. I see Spag coming to this game for Super Bowl and Andy Reed, we're doing everything we can to stop 26. Yeah. We coming to this game. If anybody, if AJ Brown beat us, if Jaylen hers beat us or Devonte Smith beat us, you know what? I can live with that. We gonna shake hand to the 50 yard line. But 26 is not beating us in this game. Nope. I gotta, it ain't happening. I gotta make you beat me with your plan BI can't let you beat me with your plan A O Joe.


There you go. So they're gonna, they're gonna make, and this is what, this is what I also like about Jalen hers, Jalen her has also showed if the running game is not going as you as we see fit, it's not going well. He showed he can drop back and throw the ball. He had a great good, I mean maybe one of the best games that we've seen from Jalen Hurst throwing the football was in the Super Bowl against this very team. Yeah. Yes. He threw for over 300 yards. It was that one fumble because they had the game in control. LoJo was that one fumble. They got Kansas City back in the game and then in second half the defense couldn't get a stop. Touchdown, touchdown, touchdown. Field goal. God damn. My home is special man.


He, he is, Especially I think you take games like this. He's been in these what most would consider pressure situations. Big time games, big time moments where it's a little different than regular season. I think he's been in it so much. I think he's numb to it, huh? Yeah, I think he's numb to it because he's just used to being on the stage so often. Like I'm taking what you give me. Matter of fact, what you don't give me, I'm gonna take that too and I'm gonna mini I'm gonna do everything I can to minimize the errors and the mistakes and I'm gonna let you beat yourself. I think the Eagles have a chance to win this game. If Saquon can be efficient in the run game.


Jalen Hurst can protect the ball and facilitate when need be. Not doing anything extra but just what is asked of him. They have a chance to win it. But again, you gotta think that goddamn spag defense is nice. Yeah. Just as long as I don't wanna be in a situation where it's one possession game, then Mahome got the ball. That's all I'm saying. I don't want that situation. No Joe, I let me be, let Mahomes outta the ball with two minutes to go and we up by 14 then I can deal with that Ocho. I I don't wanna be in a situation where Mahomes got a ball with a, with a, the football in his hands with a chance to beat me.


I've seen more times than not when Mahomes has the ball in his hands with a chance to beat the opposing team, the opposing team normally go home with a nail. That's what I've seen. Shannon Pope. Oh can we get Jimmy Butler on club she club Shehe interview to see what the F is going on with him and Pat Riley. We know what's going on. Yeah. Pat told Pat, pat told him last summer, he's clear as daddy, I'm not giving you an extension. He wants an extension two years, 121 million. Pat says, I don't, pat didn't say I wouldn't give you one. He said, I just wanna see you on the court more. Jimmy said f that I've been on the court. So Pat say I I'm not really comfortable giving a guy 35 give a guy that's, I think Jimmy Butler's 35, maybe 36, I I wanna say 35.


I'm sorry Chad. If I'm off a year or a couple of months or two, Coach Riley says, I don't want to give a guy that seems to be in decline because I don't in sports Ocho I'm not gonna pay you based on what you've done. I've already paid you for that. Yeah. I give you a contract extension because I believe you're gonna be able to perform at a $60 million level. See? Right. See you cannot, and a lot of people say what? All the other bums getting that money comparison to the thief of joy. You can't worry about what somebody else is getting. The team that you're on is saying. Right. I'm not giving you that. If you're on that team and they give it to you, okay?


It's like anything, Hey you might what? Hey, hey, my homeboy say hey girl, they be on the balcony. Right. Oh well, well you better go. Hey you better get, get his homegirl there 'cause I ain't like that. Right. So that, that's how you gotta look at it on your everything. Just because somebody else did it. That doesn't mean where you are. That's what's gonna happen. So we know what's going on. Jimmy Butler and Coach Riley. If I'm coach Riley, me personally, I wouldn't trade Jimmy. What? I wouldn't because I wouldn't. What you gonna do? Because I want, I'm, I'm done. I'm gonna break his plate because I'm done rewarding negative behavior. You remember he did this in Chicago, remember he did this in Minnesota Right Now he mad again.


He wanna do this. No I'm not. Hey, guess what? Play this contract out. You got a $50 million option opt out of it. If somebody's out there that's gonna give you what you want take off. Right. But I'm not. Right. And guess what, you act a fool. Contract detrimental. I ain't paying. You ain't like we gonna win the ain't like we winning the championship this year. You even if Jimmy Butlers at his best, you think they're gonna beat the Celtics? They gonna beat the Knicks? No, they're gonna beat the Cavaliers. No, I'm not. I'm not rewarding negative behavior. I'm done as a child. Your child act up in the store and every time your child act up, you give 'em candy, you buy 'em a toy, you give 'em ice cream. What's his incentive? What's his or her incentive?


Incentive to stop? Right. Okay. Reverend do, he was a big proponent that said, boy you don't reward negative behavior. Me. Guess what? Hey, I don't know what to tell you. You could play for us. You're not gonna play. See, the thing is OCHO and I learned, Terry Cruz told me something, he had an interview. He say, Shannon, you can't nod your head yes and mean no. Mm. Signed the contract. Wait a minute. Hold on, hold on, hold on. That's a hold on, hold on.


Now that boy, listen, that was, it was simple but it, but it was, it was deep. It was simple. But with, you can't nod your head Yes, Yes and mean no I gotta use that with my kids But wouldn't. And I look everybody and I see man, Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown and this one and that one. Hmm. All is Jason Tatum. All is Jalen Brown. Right. Right. And the one thing that we see, those guys are not missing the time Jimmy Butler's been nicked. Right. And two year, bro, he's making 40 something this year.


He got a player option next year for like 52. Thanks. And he wants a two year option on top of that OCHO for like 1 21. Right. So two, so what, 60 and a half a year. So if he's 35, so 36 is is a $52 million option. 37 is a 60 38. I mean people are looking at that, that Paul George deal. Like, oh ooh, this thing ain't gonna be looking good because it ain't really looking too spiffy right now. Right. I can just imagine what it's gonna look like year two, year three, year four.


Ooh. Oh my goodness. So I get, I get Jimmy's frustration but Right. Be in the tough spot. If he was, if hey, lay your tail off, opt out, go get your money because you gotta play an option for 50 plus million. Play your tail off this year, opt out of that contract, take off or play so good that he ain't got no choice but to give you an extension. Yeah. Okay. Dar and Mallard under not your Love this show, but I have to ask why won't either you give Jayla Hurst the credit he deserves.


It seems like the goalpost keep moving for what I just did. What, what do you need talk about? So I just talked about Jayla Hirst. So what, so what credit haven't we given him? He wins. So does Lamar, so does Josh Allen. So do Mahomes. So I wanna know. So so what, so what, what's the comparison? I mean, he wins, he wins in a different way. Yes. But he wins. Yes. I, I don't understand. Well we don't give, listen, he had six games in which he threw for less than 170 yards.


I think he had nine games where he threw less than, less than 300 guys like that. They don't get to Peyton Manning treatment. They don't get to Tom Brady. They don't get to Mahomes. They don't get to Elways the Marinos, bro. It's just, it ain't no, you know how this is let, Ted Bradshaw won four Super Bowls two times. He was the MVP. When was the last time you heard Tammy Bradshaw mention this? One of the great quarters, the top 10 quarterback. When did it happen? You heard him mention Terry Bradshaw, Troy Haman three and oh, when? The last time you heard that right? Ain't nobody moving. No goal posts. You just having none of no football. Hey, I ain't got no problem with Jamie Hurtz.


I like him. I thought he was great. I thought he did a good job. But hey, he lost his job for two. He did a great thing. He said, you know what? I think I'm better than sit on to be a backup. Went to Oklahoma parlayed that played well, got him to the college football playoff. They lost, but hey, increased his stock in the second round pick comes in for Carson wins. Carson wins. Never gets his job back. He's been the start second Super Bowl in three years. I'm just trying to figure out what credit, lemme ask you a question. Did Joe f Flaco get the credit he deserved because he won a Super Bowl with Super Bowl MVP beat Tom Brady in house. I just wanna know, did he get the credit he deserved? Yes or no?


Get back to us, Ari, Andrea, Jordan. If, if Eagles win the Super Bowl, does this surpass Moses Malone coming to the Sixers to win the championship? Woo. No, that's, that's the question because Moses, they had the, well see here, the thing the Eagles won the Super Bowl with, with Nick foes Moses came because the Sixers couldn't get over the hump. They lost in 77 to the Portland Trailblazers. They lost in 80 to the Lakers. They lost in 82 to the Lakers. So he got 'em over the hump. It's like the Eagles just wasn't the Super Bowl like five years ago.


Right? What, what year did the Eagles win the Super Bowl? 2017, I think. 2017 I think. What was it? Say Ash. Why you say it was such a disdain in your voice? Yes. I thought you'd be happy that I just blurted that out, that I got it. But you seem so like, so like unhappy for me. It's like, it's really annoying as you don't have to Yeah, Jordan, you already did to Jordan.


Yes. She a hater. She's such a hater. She's such a hater. Aaron Jones. Huh? You you, when you, when you taking a, you said you were taking, when you taking a little vacation? Well, I mean, I'm gonna have to get my back. Hey, I'm you taking one before the tour? Or, or, or after? No, probably after. Oh, shit. I mean, I, I can't, I can't go 'cause one of us gotta be here, but I'm, I'm, I'm taking, I'm taking mine tomorrow. Okay. I'm taking my stuff. I'm taking my stuff with me though. Okay. I'm just saying. No, no, no, no. When I take a vacation, I ain't taking no stuff.


I'm going on vacation. I'm done. You gonna have to run the show. Oh no. I ain't talking about, oh, I ain't, oh no. Wait, I'm talking about, this is a mini, I got a seven day. You gonna be in New Orleans? Yeah. Yes, man. Why am I what? Just ask you hope you gotta do the damn live show. I'm asking you if you're gonna be in New Orleans. Yeah. Oh, but I'm saying I gotta do a seven. I gotta do a seven day stretch of work. Okay. So I, I'm going Sunday to Sunday, so I'm done at inside the NFL, but I'm a correspondent on Sun on, on Monday at the, what do you call it? With the player? Sit at the podium, what do you call it? Oh yeah. Press day. Yeah. So Press day. I'm a correspondent for inside the NFL. So our last show in Philly was the day.


So I'm like, you know what, before I do this seven day stretch and in New Orleans, let me go somewhere real quick. Reset, recharge. Okay. So I'm ready to to hit the ground running on Sunday. Yeah. Okay. Just give us, So you gonna take, you gonna take a break after the, after su after Sunday Super Bowl Sunday? No, I, no. What break? No, I'm gonna keep, I'm No, I'm just saying in ju No, I don't need no break. I'm just telling you, I'm taking a little vacation. I'm doing Nightcap from where I'm going. Oh, okay. I'm saying, but we gotta show, we gotta show tomorrow, right? Yes. I'm saying when I take a vacation. Oh, you really, you really me. I'm long. Yes. You gonna have, you and a cohost gonna have to run the show.


Oh, that's fine. That's fine. I I, I'm okay with that. Okay. Okay. I, you ain't got no choice but to be Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Let me know.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like, it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when, when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the Postseason Run.


What's up everybody? Ad named Bur Today with a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you, by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk. We into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates. Nate, we, we, the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay? We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB starting on February 4th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Aaron Jones. Hey, hug. O you on Love the show without saying a team in your own division, which teams fans were the hardest to deal with Raiders? Because most of 'em, if you didn't know better, you thought they, they just had a, a field day at San Quentin and they let 'em out for like two hours. Hold on, it said ocho, which love to show, which without saying a team in your own division. Oh, the hold on. Patriots.


Patriots, yeah. They were annoying. I, I I didn't did did you ever play the Patriots in New England when you Yeah. Did you? Yeah. Yeah. Twice at day. Yeah. I mean I probably, yeah, the Patriots, because I'm trying to think what I mean, I played the Giants played the jazz. Nah, Patriots. Patriots. And that was before ocho. They had really like started, they had won the super, like we played them in 93.


We played in nine three. No, we played them in 94. Man. We played the Patriots for a team that's not in our division. Ocho, we played them in nine four, right? No, no, we played 'em in 95, 96, 97, 9 5, 9 6, 97 and 98. So we played them like four consecutive years. I remember one year, Ocho, this was a very strange rule. The NFL had, we weren't in the division and we played the Patriots twice The hell. Yep. Yep. Played 'em twice. I think it was 91. 91. I think it was 91.


We played 'em twice. What fans were you, had you say was the hardest to deal with? Yeah, none of them. None of 'em. It's, it's, it's, it's, it is funny on or it didn't happen till later on in my career, less, maybe, maybe about year four, year four or five. The fan, the opposing fans were more excited for me to come to the stadium just to see what the hell I was finna do next. Right. Next. There was no, there was no f you or you know, Ochocinco or any of that stuff. Right? But, but alright. With none of that Now, the craziest fans now not part of my division that it was exciting because you didn't know what to expect once you got there was that goddamn black hole in Oakland. Yeah, man, Man, they was crazy.


They was terrible. No, they, they, they was crazy. They were terrible. That's about it. They was terrible bad. They the Raiders fans, man, they terrible. I mean, you love them. I mean, I think them special and like the people that be dressed up and they're not like, I mean these people like doctors and lawyers, these are like really prominent people and they got on face pain. I'm like, what the hell you do? Yeah. But Yeah, the, the black hole, you had to be a part of it to see it. Isaiah Lancaster, what's good UNC Ocho, who are your top 10 quarterbacks in the NFC? And where would you rank Jalen Hurtz in Eagle History among quarterbacks with Super Bowl win? Well, they ain't got but one with a Super Bowl win. And that's Mick Foes.


Yeah. Top 10. Top 10 quarterbacks in the NFC is two months. Just say top Five. Yeah. Who your top five quarterbacks. I Mean, let see, I'm thinking, let lemme think of NFC golf, Stafford Jalen? No, no particular goddamn order man Golf. Stafford, Jalen Jordan Love You got Jayden Daniels bronc Purdy Baker Mayfield. I'm going. Ja. Oh, sh man. Oh, it, it get tricky. Know Jayden. Lemme throw Jayden in there.


Jordan Love Jayden. Daniels Jaylen hurts. No particular order golf. Who should that go? Purdy or Stafford? Whoever you want to. Staffords won a Super Bowl. I mean, I would take, I would take Stafford over, over, over Purdy. That's just me. Okay. Staff, I'm, I'm gonna go Stafford. I mean just, you know, people, people would be like, why you stay I'll take Stafford. Yeah, Yeah. Mr E 1976, here's the tip jar. Thanks for everything you do Shannon Ocho. Stay pressing forward. Appreciate you bro. Jay two 13.


Hey Uncle Ocho. What are some old school haircuts you don't see anymore? I just saw someone with a shag and someone and someone with a double hairline today be black. Whoa, whoa, whoa. He listen, shag is still alive and well in Texas now. I dunno, the shag is still alive and well in Texas. It's a cut that everyone still gets. What I haven't seen in a very long time is the Gumby. Remember the Gumby, huh? Yeah. The Gumby. The Gumby and the high top fade. I don't, I don't see that. I'm talking about a high top fade. Oh, You talking about like, like kid play high top played, huh? Yeah, yeah. Like don't see that no more. Obviously you don't see the afro. Nah, The na the the natural Afro. You don't, you don't see that often anymore.


What? What? You don't see more of. I'm trying to think. Shoot, that's, that's about all I could think about. Yeah, I mean, look, this is all I've ever had. So Barney Porter wasn't playing that right and when he passed away, Mary Porter wasn't having that. Then I just got to the point like, you know, I, I kinda like this. It's different. I ain't go through, I ain't have no Jerry Curl, I ain't have no box. I never had braids or any twists or anything like that. All I've ever had was a fade park boom. You know, it used to be Michael Vy. Michael done went and got braid.


This man, he in a midlife crisis. Now all of a sudden he got 58 years old, he got twists. Man, Mike, you'll sit your ass down. I said, first of all, you can't have twists if you gotta use Beijing. That should be, that should be the first rule of thumb. If you gotta use Beijing, sit your ass down. Don't you get no twist in your head. But right now ain't but two people get got a haircut like this me and Mr Far card. That's it was Gary Cole. Hey Lou is, Lou is. Y'all do have the same cut that gotta think about it. Write that thing to the side. That's it. Gary Colvin rest his soul. He used to have one. Sean Smith said, do you think Mahomes would ever been as dominant in a defensive driven league?


Like, well, Tom had to play against the Steelers, Ravens, jet Giants or even the Colts with Bob Sanders. Yeah, he great. A quarterback like that is a quarterback in any era, Just like Joe Montana was Joe Montana dominant and he played in the eighties when they was knocking, there was no rule that there was no protection. None. Zero. Yes. Mahomes is, is is great In any era. So Under score case, what's up guys? Unc my question is, I know my harness paid La Lamar la Melo ball already, but how can the harness attract the superstar talent to a savvy be to help him out before he even thinks about leaving?


Just don't see it bro. Don't see it. No, It's, it's, it's a small market. You gotta, a small market. You gotta do like, like the, like the Spurs draft him, Duncan Draft, Mario Gen Draft, draft draft, cool Wild Leonard and have David Robinson. I mean, I'll be out. I just gotta be honest, it wasn't, there wasn't no really no fridges going to these places and back then it wasn't like fridges like it is now, but no, it ain't, you know, will East said, speaking of touchdowns, those sparks just touchdown by the latest SmackDown on WWE E Rock.


That what I'm talking about Will, that's what I'm talking about. Whoa, whoa. Hey, hold on. Now I put my order in, right? Yeah. Lemme look at my email. Lemme hold on. Lemme see my email. Confirm my purchase, then you see me. No email. Oh, there it is, Chad, thanks for choosing a row invoice. It came, it came to 180 6. I don't know why it came to 180 6, but I ain't tripping, you know? Yeah, that's a hundred well spent. So it don't tell when, when, how long before they get here? Probably a couple days. Okay. Okay. Okay.


Hold on. You think it'll be here so before I leave? Yeah, yeah. New Orleans. Yeah, it'll be there. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Aaron Owen says, I just wanna say keep doing what you guys are doing. Love watching, and interacting with Nightcap. Hopefully. See you guys soon at a show. Aaron, come on down to New Orleans, bro. We gonna be there. We going to be there. Got to be there.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit the nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the nationwide 5G Network.


Guys, thank you for joining us for another episode. Please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast, every podcast subscriber counts matters. Thank you guys for mattering the last 17 months. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. If you can't find it any city or state near you, order, we'll ship it directly to you.


What better way to celebrate 25 and the great year that it's going to be than Will a bottle of Shaa by La Porter and a Super Bowl champion will be crowned on February the ninth. Great way to celebrate with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter. One more thing, please drink responsibly and be safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. Shea, Shea Media, and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We did this club Shehe T-shirt. We do got the Nightcap t-shirts on it Ocho, we just drop beanies in every color, use the code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've also introduced gift cards available from 25 to $500.


Take the guesswork out of it and let someone pick exactly what they want. Chiefs fans, Eagle fans, or any fans. If you're in the New Orleans area, please stop by the Mahalia Jackson Theater on February the sixth at 9:00 PM We'd love to have you tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. They're available now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Unfortunately, the meet and greet VIP tickets are officially sold out, but there's still plenty of tickets left to attend the big show. As I mentioned, February the sixth, Mahalia Jackson Theater and New Orleans be there. Both Nightcap and Club Shaea are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards.


A Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcasts, art, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding Podcast Society and Culture and I, Shannon was personally nominated for Entertainment Entertainer of the Year. Please go vote for us to link his pen in the chat and our bios. Thank you. All this, all these awards, these nominations that merged the tour. It's all because of you guys and I thank you. That concludes Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. I'm unc, he's ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night at the same time. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you, we'll be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Adnan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here, and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.