
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start it together. Watch the Today Show Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Spring Is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay, and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


Oh, Tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I am practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days. And there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower, PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary End July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 and eligible purchases per cart.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. Draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Draftking sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax Season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Ocho check this out. Travis Hunter's father, Travis Hunter Senior wasn't able to attend when he accepted the Heisman Trophy, but he'll be there in 2020 at the 2025 draft. He was granted permission by the courts recently to travel to Green Bay. That dope Hunter centered Hunter Senior was sentenced to 90 days in late September 24th, stemming from a 2023 arrest on a gun and drug charges. He was released from Palm Beach County West Detention Center in Bell Glee the Mook nine days before the Heisman trophy ceremony in New York, but was unable to attend. He was placed on three year period of probation in order to complete the first year under home confinement.


Mm. I like this. Yeah, that's dope. That's a, that's a special moment. And the, and I'm glad seniors get able to share this moment with Son Jr. Because you, you only get it once And and it is never gonna happen again. Uhuh. It's never gonna happen again. I I, You know, he put himself in a situation, You know, he got the, the, the arrest and he wasn't able to get there. 'cause I could imagine what that've been like to see my son. Mm. When to see my son and to hug my son win. He won that award. Mm. You get to be here for this one. And I thank the courts for giving him this opportunity. Yes. Relish it. Yeah. Cherish it because there ain't gonna be another one of these. Hmm. You miss one. You won't miss another one.


That's, that's awesome. That's awesome. Yeah. That's dope. Devonte Adams said that the 49 ERs tried to low ball him in free agency before he signed with the Rams. I was entertaining the Niners, but they were like, we're paying wholesale. Nah, we ain't paying retail. And I was like, okay, well I'm not a wholesale type of dude. Absolutely not. Listen, that, that would've been tremendous. That'd been tremendous help for Brock Curdy. Yeah. Tremendous. Iu. IU went out. It would've made Dee Bo's job much easier. Deebo Though. Deebo in Washington, remember traded Debo. And I'm saying, I'm saying I'm about, I'm just saying this was before he went to to the Geso. No, he went to the Rams. I mean, before he went. Oh, okay. Okay, okay. You, You know he Right. I'm tripping.


I'm thinking back a hole before. You think way before. No, no, no, No, no. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I mean, listen, that would've been dope. You got IU coming off like ACL. Why would you not wanna have someone like Devonte Adams that can steal, who still to me is considered the top route runner in the NFL? And if anybody in the chat wants to argue with me, we can argue that down. Pull up The, I think Ocho I think and let me know what you think because they pray, play, pay him IU 28, 20 9 million and then turn around and pay him. I don't, I'm not sure they really want to pay. I don't think they really wanted to pay iu. But they didn't really have no choice. Yeah, they Didn't. They didn't. But you can't disrespect one of, one of the better players.


Well, lemme ask you a question. You, you Can't disrespect one The better players. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I pay him what I'm gonna do with Brock Purdy, who gonna throw in the ball now? Mm. You know, Brock Purdy live for big ass payday, right? He's going to the Super Bowl. Been to the champ, been a NFC championship game, going to the Super Bowl. Gonna have to break bread ocho. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You gonna have to listen. You gotta make a way. You know who You know who found a way to do it? The Eagles. I'm not sure. Oh, each Eagles just paid this made their the center the second highest paid center.


It, they, it, it is funny how the Eagles find a way to make it work every time. No issues, no problems. All the offensive linemen got got 'em locked up. They get 'em a year early now. Watch, after this season they gonna lock Jalen Carter ass up and rightfully so. Wait after this season or one more After this one. Don't. Hey, you, you, you, you okay? You wait. You, you do realize the price keep going up. Oh yeah. Every, every time. Every time. Every time. My my what you call am my battery dying? Hold on. I need my charger. Yeah.


Lakers won tonight. I'm happy. Alright. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a Ray there. Prime said Antman Batman. You can call upon me any man of divine man. Ojo. Where the hell you go? Asha ya sba Waka flock or Chewbacca of divide.


Man, why don't you leave it plugged up? Huh? Why Don't you leave your charger plugged? Don't you Leave it. I had in my bedroom when I took a nap earlier today, I would charge 'em my phone. You know when you use your laptop charging your iPhone, it's like having a super fast charger. You ain't know that, huh? I just taught you something. How about, how about buying one for your, how about buying one for your laptop and have two of them? It's too expensive. Ain't nobody taught you that, huh? It's Too expensive. Okay. Logan, me hot Miss Sock. Luca was guarding everyone out there. No. No. Luca played well tonight. He played well tonight. I mean, You know, sometimes you have to remind him and, and, and, and like Luca just don't give up the first, just don't give up the initial push.


Make a, he tries to go right. Cut him off and send him back left. If you do that, we gonna be okay. You'll give an opportunity to come help you. But if you let him just go by you, we ain't gonna be, we're not gonna be able to, we're not gonna be able to help you. And then if we come, if we come too soon, we gonna be out of position to get back and we're not gonna be able to chase the guys off the three point line. I thought they did a great job tonight. I thought guys missed some shots. The shots that they made to the other night. Yeah. Wasn't even close tonight. And I think that was the difference in the ball game. But the game three is gonna be very interesting. The lake is gonna have to come out and have to meet that intensity. 'cause I, I think Minnesota's gonna come out kicking.


I like it. I like it. I like it. Thomas president. LeBron's still struggling long, struggling long with that groin. His jumper was going downhill by the mid third quarter. Yeah, it was hitting the front of the rim. Hitting the side of the rim. But I like he was in attack mode. Had some great, had some great passes. I like that. I like that he was in attack mode and that's what LeBron needs to be. I like, I look, I like LeBron on playing off the ball because I believe he's better suited, suited and situated to play off the ball than Luca. Luca needs the ball ball. Ar can play off the ball. LeBron can play off the ball. I think Luca's better with him on the ball.


Kim Norwood Jr. My question is, is it, would it be Lamar Jackson and Josh Allen 2.0 if you gave Yoki the MVP over SGA? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. That's a, they that's a, that's a good comparison too. And that's exactly what it would be. Exactly what it would be. I'm surprised, what's shocking is that Lamar was all first team all pro quarterback. How you voted the guy first. So he, the, he, she built a pro all pro team. But the guy at the MVP, the guy at the MVP, but he didn't deserve to be First Team O Nevermind.


Let's not, ain't no fifth OCHO ain't no, we can't re we can't re-litigate that. We Right. We can't do anything about that. A ocho, they do NFL 100 every year with the players on NFL network with interviews they do. I've been trying to tell Ocho dad, but he ain't wanna hear that


man. Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch the Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know It's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss. 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available boes personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CRV and RAV4 with available HD enhanced, intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival.


Curtis Thompson said, what about the Steelers grading? A TJ WA four pick trading TJ WA four pick. What do you think about that? I saw that somebody who was trying Yeah. Oh, Washington. Yeah, I saw that too. I saw Washington was looking to trade. He want He won a payday. Yeah, he wanna payday. I don't blame you. I mean, the man give you 13, 14 sack every year. And I played the contract, the Steelers add under pay the man you don't wanna pay me. Look, I know he wanted, You know, his brother left Houston and went and played what, one year, two years in in Arizona. Arizona, yeah. Steelers normally to take care of their guys. Well, they took care of, they took care of him already though.


Huh? Take Care of me again. Take care of me. Take care of me. Again, Ocho. Right, Right, right. She, Pope Ocho writes down every quote in his composition book, but the main quote, you say, David Ocho where my money, My book right here. You know, I keep that. I I I don't let that book get too far from me Now Where my money owe Joe. Huh? Where my money? I got you. How, how much? I mean, listen, what what I owe you again. 5,200. All right, hold on. Lemme write that. Lemme write it. Plus interest Plus who?


Interest? No, The, the only, only time interest is charged when it, when it when it gotta do with the bank. I'm the bank You owe book. Hold on, I'm gonna write. I owe you 5,200. Hold on. If, if you added interest, how much interest? We talking about 15%. 15. What type of bank? What's that up? What you acting like? You the Federal Reserve or something? Man, what you talking about? 15% Tariffs. Man, I'm charging you The tariffs.


Hey, that's a good One. I'm charge you, I'ma charge you if you don't pay me. If you don't pay me me Thursday, I'm gonna charge you 245%. Okay? Okay. Okay. Well, I forgot. I'm, I'm gonna see you tomorrow. I got you. I got you. I'm gonna bring cash with me too. I sure appreciate that, Ocho. Yeah, I got you. Pat. Do said Ocho Have you experienced gators on your front porch? Like the viral video going around today? Oh yeah. Most definitely. Listen, gate Gators. Gators is, is, is, is they're frequent sometimes in the city, the outer cities over in Okeechobee areas. The canals, what we, what we, what people have done is they catch 'em when they small and when they get too big, they release 'em back in the canals.


They don't, they, I've never really heard of anybody getting hurt or injured. And you see 'em all the time. It's almost like iguanas, almost like lizards. You see 'em all the time. And so often it's like, it's nothing. And if they get too big, obviously you, You know, people call an animal control and get 'em up out the area. But it's like, see, it's like seeing a damn peacock or a chicken at this point. Especially if you live in Florida. Nah, I'm serious. I'm serious. Love never felt so good respect to you. And Chad makes respect to you, Chad, a real day county legend. Know you are running things out here secretly. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know your boy out here, You know, doing what he do, You know, You know, putting one foot in front of the other, holding him a head high.


You know, one foot in foot. It it is, it is what it is. You know what a lick? Read, stop playing man. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Hey fam just said hello and I hope y'all had a good day. Love y'all. Dr. Frankie. Thank you. We love you. We appreciate you, you are one. I and Dr. Frankie. I don't know if you was first, but you were top five of people that subscribed to Nightcap. You came to our very first tour stop in Las Vegas. You were there, Atlanta, you were there. Where else you came? You came to New Orleans, you were there. So Doc, we can't thank you enough. We can't say we appreciate you enough or you and your husband.


We love you too. Thank you. Chris Robinson, UNC and Ocho like Marvin Harrison, where he rank among receivers. Also, you can only have one Life or Harlem Nights. Which one you going with? That's A good one. I don't like that. I don't like that. Damn man. You got. Ooh boy, you got some legends in those man, right? I'm talking About in both of Them. Yes. If I had, if I had to, oh my God, that, that's tough. If I had to pick, I think I'm gonna go with life. You can't go.


I I just go, I go, I go Harlem Nights. But it that, that's one of those, those situations. That's one of those situations. Yeah. When you can't, you can't go wrong either way you go. You can't go wrong. You can't go wrong Because both of 'em, both of 'em had ledgers up in them. You know, Richard Pry, Eddie Murphy, Eddie Murphy, Martin Lawrence. And then you had Bernie Mack, you had Red Fox, you had Della Reese Legends. Oh, you had Ronaldo. Ray. Ray, yeah. Yep. And it was, Hey, I, I think I gotta go. Hey Jan, what y'all got? I think I gotta go with life. Listen. And you gonna laugh with both of gonna laugh The whole, whole That concludes this episode of Nightcap.


Thank you guys for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up number 85. Liberty City's on, he's running Dade County. That's what they tell me. I don't know, but that's what I just heard. Guy chimed in say, oh, Ocho, I ain't know you was running things on the nah. Dade County. Nah, that's him. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, thank you. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your continued support. We really appreciate you. Thank you for tuning in. No matter what you, we can count on you guys.


We're gonna be off tomorrow, but Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, you can count on Nightcap to be here. Please go follow my media company page on all of it. Platform she, Shea Media. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. Now if Shea by La Porter isn't currently in a state or a city near you, order online, we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Check out our clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked. The link is pinned in the chat. Our supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. Please make sure you grab yours while supplies last tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour on sale, our eight stops are Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit.


Tickets can't be found@shesheamedia.com slash tour. That's she shea media.com/tour/tour. That link is also pending in the chat. Guests line up is shaping up going, look, hey, it gonna be crazy guys. Don't miss this. You don't wanna miss it. UNC and OCHO coming to a, a state, a city near you. You don't wanna miss this. Trust me. Go get your tickets now guys, thank you for joining us. As I said, we're traveling tomorrow. We're going to be in Green Bay to do the draft on Thursday. I'm unc, he's ocho. We're out tomorrow. But we'll see you Thursday at the draft. The


Volume Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chas Company


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app. For details, Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives.


But are we investing in their future financial success? With Green Light, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart. Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest for Albertsons and Safeway this spring. Take care of your entire home, including the air you breathe and save $5 when you buy $25 worth of participating products in store or online Shop for items like Glade plugins, airwick plugins, Glade auto sprays, airwick diffusers, and Glade refills and save $5. When you spend $25 on participating products, offer ends.


May 20th restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Albertsons or safeway.com for more details.