
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited podcast series Dub dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dove Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camil Ramon at am Ortiz. And our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide. And we cover it all. This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was Very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Volume UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all glitz and glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any other action At Draft King Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with DraftKings Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only with Jab Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Shado Sanders met with the Pittsburgh Steelers today and was impressed by the visit. He even said Mike Tomlin reminds him of his father. Coach Sanders, the Steelers was great. I understand why they win so much. Why Mike Tomlin is the way he is. He resembles my dad a little bit. They have the same principles. Chador reportedly does not want to be taken top three per NBC, right? I believe ideally he would like to go to New Orleans. I believe that's where he would really like to go Of all places New Orleans. Yep. I can can you, can you explain why he would wanna go to New Orleans?


Just curious. You look at, you look at the receiver core. They got Crystal Ve Crystal VE 22. What's the name? What's the name? The speed Rash. Rash. No. Yeah. Rash. Yes, yes, yes. Okay. It right? Yes. Yeah. Hey, that young Bull can run boy. You hear me? Yep. Yeah. He, he can run Jwan Johnson I think. Think I think that's the tight end. Alvin Cama is still there. Ooh, that's nice. That's nice. That's nice. Indoor. Now you cooking, you Now you making sense. You you making sense to me? I just, I don't, he's not going to be there. What the Saints pick. What? Nine? He ain't finna be, he not gonna be that name.


But here's the thing. He not gonna be that name Once he gets past the top three ocho. Nobody needs a quarterback. He's not getting, he not taking Ja he's not Getting past the top three. OCHO Jacksonville is not gonna take a quarterback. New, not A quarterback. The Giants need a quarterback. Tennessee take the cam. Ward, Tennessee has canceled. Should they canceled Shado? They tra canceled Travis Hunter. What does that tell you? They canceled the vi visit. They reached out to the agency. Say we're gonna respectfully decline. Hopefully you guys understand What does that tell you? Who they taking? They taking Cam Ward And, and and what ha what happens if they pull a belly flop and, and then, and then take a Abdul Carter.


Okay. You know, you listen, You know how the NFL works. They, they have you thinking one thing and they do another. Lemme ask you a question. Okay? Does Cam, does, does, does Abdul Carter make them better right now or does a quarterback mix them? Remember we just talked about what do you need in that division? Quarterback. Quarterback. Yeah, absolutely. Lawrence Ra, you said you believe Anthony Richardson's gonna be better. Okay. You, you, you right, you right. But I'm, listen, You know what I look at And I look at Abdul Carter And I see him, I Simmons that of a Von Miller similar to that of a Michael Parsons being able to change the, and impact the game tremendously. A play right now type of player.


That's that, that's a good one. 'cause I'm, I'm not talking about, just know any type of player. I see Abdul Carter as the transcending talent, a generational talent similar to the two players that I just named. But Cam Ward isn't you, you right, you right, you, you, you, you can go against that. I Believe. I believe they're gonna, I I believe they canceled all visits. Okay. Excuse me. Bless you. Bless you. It is hard for me to believe Ocho. Yeah. That you gonna take a guy with the first overall pick. Right. And you don't have an individual meeting with him. Right. You right Now. Now there might be a situation on down the line, somebody going in the first round and they're like, I didn't even even meet with these guys.


Right. But you talk about a top three pick And you don't meet with 'em. Okay. You Right. Right. Listen, but I, I just, I just, I I'm not saying it can't happen. Right. But the likelihood, 'cause guess what? Ocho You know, the first pick in the draft gets 40 to 45 million fully guaranteed. His contract is fully guaranteed. The first four years is fully guaranteed. Yeah. Listen, I mean listen, I'm, I'm wishing both of those Young Bulls luck. Obviously whether they get Abdul Carter or whether they get Cam Ward, cam Ward's gonna be a tremendous, tremendous talent. You know, being able to carry, carry over what he was able to do at and coming to a program and not Revit revitalizing them offensively.


And they, they almost looked like the U of O from the early two thousands. So I'm sure he's gonna do, You know, his, his due diligence and trying to revive the Tennessee Titans and, and some of the mistakes they've had to deal with with brother Will Levi Yes. And Malik Willis. And You know, some, some of those guys, it's been a ma lil A little, little competent in Green Bay. He looks competent in Green Bay. He looked very good when Jordan, when Jordan, he was balling. Yes, he Balling. But listen, it's easy to ball when you got Reed and Hicks and Watson and Romeo Dos and all, all those dudes around you. So I like it. Tennessee has the first pick.


Cleveland, the Giants. The Patriots, Jacksonville, Vegas, jets, Carolina, new Orleans, Chicago, San Fran, Dallas. And it is so funny. We know the top three teams could use a quarterback. Yes Sir. It seems Cleveland is leaning towards should Travis or Abdul Carter. Hmm. The question is the Giants really controls it. What does the Giants do at three? They need a quarterback. Huh? They don't have a choice. They don't have a choice and not a quarterback to come in and play right now a quarterback to sit behind Russell Wilson and James Wilson and Danny Vito and learn the game.


You need a quarterback for the future. You have two quarterbacks on one year deals. You had, you need a quarterback for the foreseeable future. Look, I've given Jackson, I, I look, I've given Will Levis, will Levis had Calvin Ridley and he had Dhop and he had number 85. I can't even pronounce his last name. They need a quarterback. Right. Damn. So I can see that. I can see them taking a quarterback, have him learn for a year with Russ. Russ did a one year deal.


I like it. Yeah. The Giants are gonna be the key. Yeah. The Giants are gonna be the key. And you, You know what's funny? Is it funny you just, you just mentioned the draft order. Ain't no telling what's gonna happen the day of the draft. Ain't no telling. There might be a player that's someone that's picking seven, eight, or nine and they sneak up and make sure they grab the, the actual individual I want and it changes up everything on who and who goes where. True. That's possible. That's very possible. You never know. We've seen that. We've seen that happen. Oh yeah. But it's gonna be interesting. I think.


I, I think for me, what are the odds? What are the odds? What's Draft King giving us on, on, on Tennessee taking Cam war? They got, they got the odds out already. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Wait, what, what is, when is the draft? What, what day? I mean April what? 24th. Okay. We still got two weeks. Okay. They don't have it. Not yet Was gonna say, well it's kind of early. I'm thinking that considering they see everybody done cancel those workouts, they're probably not gonna even give you no odds.


Probably minus 2000. Does anybody have odds out draft Kings y'all wanted to talk about? Y'all be put some odds out. I I I'll chat like odds bro. This joker here. Hey, what's up? What, What? You're talking to you. He, Hey, come on down here to Miami. Boy, I got plenty of room for you now. Hey, you see if he buying TVs, he talking about what type of car should I get? Should I get a McLaren Your table? I was just thinking about it Unc I was just thinking about it. You know McLaren right here. You think about paying me though, huh? Nah, nah, I'm gonna pay you.


I told you I'm gonna pay you that. The the money ain't the problem. The money ain't the problem. I'm gonna pay you. Yeah. 20,000 Cam Ward being the first quarterback selected is minus 20,000. Ooh. Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. You'd be a fool Yeah. To take that. Right? So we shall see in a couple of weeks. Yeah, But I think the key is at three ocho.


Yeah. I think because I think Cleveland, I think Cleveland, Cleveland's gonna take one of those defenders. What? Abdul? Abdul or Travis? Yep. Because You know what, I can put Travis at wide receiver and pairing with Jerry Judy. Ooh, That's nasty. And have some packages for him at db. Yep. Can you imagine? Can you imagine Den Denzel ward on one side and, and and and and Travis in coming. Greg Newsom and Travis coming in at the nickel. On, on, on on certain man. Yeah. But put put, put Newsom in in the slot. Right. Let Trav Go outside. Go outside. Yeah. That's nasty. I like that. I like that combination.


I like that combination. So it's gonna be, we shall see, we shall see. I think the kids at the Giants at three New England not taking a quarterback. Jacksonville's not taking a quarterback. No, you New England not taking a quarterback. They just took a quarterback at three and they re they really liked this kid. Brave has been abundantly clear. One of the reasons he took the job. You know they always say that because of the quarterback. No, it was a head coaching job and they gave you a lot of money. That's why he took the job. But hey, it sounds good at the time. Hey, I, I'm gonna rock with it, Right. Mad dog. My homie want to shine. Boy Man, I swear I need to get you a podcast.


Come on. Come on. I need to get you a podcast. What can you do? Can you do anything? Can you do anything bro? Nah bro. My dog. What? I see you. I love you too buddy. I love you too. I love you too. You did come on your job today. You ate all your farmer's dog, so Yeah, of course. So You have my moved down here to Miami, man, chicken And Turkey. I like chicken and Turkey. Chicken and the Turkey is my favorite.


I get him some chicks at the dog park out here. Man. You have man, he ain't fixed. He can't go to no dog park. That's the whole point Man. They man, they take, man you have my, don't even put my dog down, man. Hell no. Bill Belichick admitted, not drafted. Lamar Jackson in 2018 was a major mistake. Belichick said took Sonny Michelle one pick before Lamar was selected with the 32nd picket. The overall draft. I mean, that ain't the only, I mean there have been plenty of mistakes. Hell who all 28 teams that didn't draft Randy Moss.


That was a mistake too. It's, it is hindsight. It's a magnificent side. It's easy to say. But hold on. If they'd have thought Lamar Jackson was gonna be this, they took him number one. Could've been number one. Yes. It's easy Ocho it's easy to look back. I should, I should have put 500,000 to a million in Netflix. I should have put 500,000 to a million in Google. It's easy to look back now they threw the Roof. Yeah. Yeah. You ne you never know. That's why. No, that's why I called taking a chance of taking a gamble. What About those stocks that we thought, what about the blockbuster stock that I had? Can I sell your blockbuster right now? Ocho What the hell?


Or a OL? Anybody interested in a OL? Yeah. Come on man. That's Crazy. Coach is easy. I mean, hindsight is a magnificent science because you have the luxury of knowing now what you didn't know then. Then. Yeah. Well, hell, who could live their life like that? Ocho who could live their life like that. We go back and say, You know what Ocho we think about it. Just think, okay, we go to a bigger school. Hey, with our talent, we'd probably be a top 10 pick. We gonna get a qua. Hey, now we got millions coming out. We'll get to a contract even sooner. We got more. Come on man. You make yourself sick doing that. Hold On. As, as a scout, as a scouting, as a gm, how do you look at Lamar Jackson at Louisville in college and pass on that with you and pass on based on what you see.


I don't care what, I don't care what the people say. I don't care what the media say about him being a runningback. How do you pass on that? Understanding how dynamic he can be, how dynamic he was. 'cause they didn't view him as a quarterback man. They wanted a man to work out as a wide receiver. Ocho what did that tell you? You had some prominent GMs that drafted great, historically great players said, I see him as a wide receiver. Remember they wanted Tim Tebow to work out at tight end. So you, you can understand why. I mean, it's just like the guy that took Yoic in the second round. Right. If they knew that, then it took Yoic in the first overall pick if You know he gonna be a three time MVP. Yeah, but I'm, I just, And you have an eye for football.


I have an eye for football. I could see how dynamic he was in college. I can see how the shift in the game and which way it was headed and knowing, okay, this is what I need. But I did say, I thought the Raven should take him. What pick does Raven? 'cause Raven had two first round picks. Yeah. I thought the, I just knew the Raven was gonna take it with their first, first round pick. I said, oh, perfect. The Ravens are perfect. Yeah. Yeah. I Saw And then when they pass, I was like, Aw, shucks. Hmm. Hey, you win some, you lose some 25 Had 20, 25th. Who did the 25th pick? Who did they take? He first? Okay. Tight end. They took a tight end.


He had, he had some good, he had some good years for the Broncos. He, I think he's still playing. He was at ccle? No, he's at, he's in New England, didn't he? Who that? Hayden Hearst. Oh, okay. Okay. But I, he might be afraid, but he charger. Okay. But ojo, that's the thing. Right? When you don't, when you don't, when you can't see like, oh, he can't play blah blah. I'm like, bro. And my thing was, I was like, bro, somebody threw for all them yards. Somebody. Y'all make it seem like the man rushed for 3000 yards. The man passed for 3000. Yeah. He rushed for 1500 and his, his, his his junior year or his sophomore year was better than the year that he, when he run to Heisman.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited Podcast series, dub dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly, AEO Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Ayo enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Atho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. The arva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth is Wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I just knew the bro. I knew I said the Ravens. I think the Ravens gonna take him. I said that'd be a good pick. They had the right situation. What? Stop. I got some badass kids today. Woo. That's why I'm getting you a brother, bro. What? What? What you doing? What Tide is that? Teddy? I I just, You Know where Teddy at? Oh, there you go. Yes. Where they was. Where they was in the Oregon? No, he turned, he tearing stuff off the box and the arguing.


They've been fighting over, over a cloth the whole night. Get It? So I called the lady today. So I'm, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get another one. You Gonna get another one? Another one of these. Not this one. No, not him. Why? How do you, how do you think they're gonna be accepting of a new dog? They gonna be great. They gonna be great. Hold. Are you gonna get another male? Yes. I've only had male dogs. We've only had, we've only had male dogs in my family. We've only had male dogs.


All this going back to my grandfather had hunting dogs. Riley and Skimp to us having Joe Boy. And, and, and Homer and Champ only, only had Hold On. Now you've had Teddy and Titus. How are you so sure they're gonna be accepting of a new male dog coming in? I'm the PAC leader. I determine how everything goes. Okay. Okay. Okay. I like that. Yes, yes. Yeah. I've bought, no, I had four at one point in time.


I had ta, I had Tarzan and Taz And I had Titan and Tonka. So I had four at one time. Right. And then I had, I had three had a, an Nikita named Samsa, but we called him Bo And I had Taz and Tarzan. Oh. Where all these dogs at, man? Well, I got these two right here. I'm going, I'm getting another one probably in a month. He got papers. He's all vaccinated. He got a passport. I just talked to the lady. We're gonna ride her money. And then when she brings him over, I'll give her the rest of the money in cash. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. What kind of dog we talking about? Another one of these? A palm. Well, whoa.


Oh hell. Oh heck. How, how much? How much? How much we talking? How much it cost? Same. 10. 10. What? Yeah. 'cause you got Ocho, he's coming from overseas. Hold On. 10 what? 10 bands. So that's why I need that 5,200. It's only 4,800. So once I get my 52. So hold on. So you paying 10, 10,000 American dollars in this economy for a dog. When you already got, you just Spent, you just spent 21,000 on one on one bedroom set? No, that, that was my, my living room furniture. Okay. Living room, man. People, furniture people furnish your whole house for 10 bands.


Hold on, hold on. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. This is a different house. I'm doing all white. This is different. This is, this is a different type, type of fabric that comes all the way from Ethiopia. And you can't get this, you can't get this white any, just anywhere. Oh Lord Mercy. Huh? Then my rug is alpaca. I got alpaca rug. Yeah. This, this is different. All white. I'm gonna pack, I'm gonna pack you in that same rug and throw your ass in. Hey listen, I coulda got you a dog. I got a homeboy right now in Liberty City. Coulda got you a What's that? A Pomeranian? Yes. Coulda got you a Pomeranian five star Pomeranian for $200. See, And I, And I amm gonna beat the tariffs. I don't want to buy, You know what I'm saying?


Because they, they charge putting tariffs on everything. So, You know what I'm saying? Don't you? No, No. We got, we got a 90 day, a 90 day suspension on the tariffs. So we good right now? Well I'm, I'm getting all we getting all our stuff be before, You know, we never know. He might, he might change his mind. Yeah. So Yeah. So I, I gotta get, I gotta get one from him. 'cause him, he and Tar Titus Titus don't realize how big he is. So Titus be picking him up, walking around. 'cause he pick him up by his shirt and be walking around with it. Yeah. Hey, but hey, but, but listen, listen, that's, that's a whole lot of money for a dog. Man. I'm, I'm, that's just, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm just looking out for you. I, I've never heard of a of I've I've heard the first time you spent 10 on that one and spending 10 on another one, bro, There's a dog that just sold for $5 million.


No, it's not. Yes, It tpe. Look Google it. I think it's a Tupe ma. That, that that, that story might not be real. I doubt that's real. Oh, Joe, the bloodlines go, I mean the top of the bloodlines, they go for 600,000 on average. Yeah. And I know TPE And the dogs. Oh, me too. You know, I i I love dogs too. Not Tibetan Ma is huge. You know, it's, it is a big dog. It not too many of 'em here in the States though. I ain't seen Bed Masters in the state. No. Yeah. Be Bec Bec because I mean the bloodlines, I mean, You know when you're dealing with top of the line bloodlines, but there's some, you can find them. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm just saying, You know, 10,000, that's a little steep now for a dog. And I got not, not Nothing. I mean the fact I can get you one for $200 that look just like that.


I, I look, I was about to buy me a car, but they talking about them tariffs. I ain't getting a car until 28. Hold on. Well how you about you, you got a 10,000 dog. You about to buy a car And you complaining. 'cause I'm finna go get a McLaren tomorrow With 5,200 of my dollars. That's why I'm complaining. If it's all your money, I don't give a deal about that. You buying, you buying stuff with my money. Chad, what's wrong with this man? Time out. Time him out. Listen, I'm not getting to McLaren with, with, with your money. I'm, that's not what I'm using. I got, I got, I got 50 11 jobs. I got 50 11 jobs. It's World's most expensive dog breeder pays $5 million for a rare Wolf Doll. That's part Wild Beast.


Part po pooch and eats three kilograms of raw meat daily. Here's its new owner. 5 million A wolf, a wolf dog. Yes. Now go look up Tibetan Mastiff and get those pure bloodlines. 600,000 million, 2 million top do even even dogs that you see at the, at the Westminster. Right. Those dogs go on average for five to 10. Oh No, I know, I know. Now they expensive now I know, I know that. Yes. Them showd dogs. That's a different ball game. Okay. The most expensive to bet Master Ever Sold is a red golden puppy named Big Splash.


A guy by the name of Hong Don. And, and and Oh name, which is Hong Don and Chinese paid 1.5 million, 10 million Wong in 2011 for a Chinese. Hey, these are beautiful. They look like a Overside Chow Chow. Huh? Chow dogs are expensive, bro. I wanted to get a bean. As a matter of fact, I went to Bean And I went to Houston, Texas. Scott Summer, if y'all don't believe it, you can call, call him up and ask him. I went out there. They had one named Jr. He was the first Bichon to win. He's won again. He's one with another Bisan. And he also won with a clumber, some spaniel named Stone. I went out there and looked at him. Man, that man told me what that thing was gonna cost.


Oh no bro. Say I'm sorry I wasted your time. Bija ze. Yes. How much? Like 30 And then they wanted to train him 'cause they wanted to put him in a show. 30, 30,000. Yep. And, And then he want, he wanted the show because the thing is is that like he's the, he's the trainer. He the wasn't the owner. As a matter of fact, Chad, y'all know I'm talking about Carol Ruges was the owner. Go look it up. Look up Carol Ruges, Man. 30 th boy, boy, stop. Ooh. But that's expensive boy. Ja, But hey, this, I don't, I don't spend a whole lot of money on a whole lot of stuff, but dogs, I'm gonna make sure they have the best care.


Right. I'm gonna make sure they have the best food. I'm gonna make sure they have the best attention and they get sick. Hey, like I said, I'm, I'm always gonna give my dog at least a chance. I'm gonna give them a week. Even if the vet tells me, Mr. Sharp, I'm gonna give him a week. Right. And I know it sets me back sometimes it cost me 15, 20 bands, but I'm gonna give 'em a week. I'm gonna a, if you can pull through, I'm gonna give you a chance. Right. And then I just have to make the, I have to make the tough decision. Right. They're not gonna be able to pull through. I don't want 'em to suffer because at some point in time it gets to a point where Ocho are you keeping him alive for you or are you keeping him alive for him because he has no quality of life.


Right. Well listen, And I, I, I listen I love that you love dogs. I have, IIII hear the passion in your voice. But if you ever want save some money, I got a homeboy named Berry in Liberty City right now. He's a booster. He could get you anything. Oh, I got a homeboy too. Okay. As a matter of fact, I just saw him. I said, man what my damn pressure washer that I gave you $200 for? He got, he got some piss ass cologne. I said, I don't want no damn cologne. I, I want, I want that pressure washer that you promised me. Hey. Oh, that's crazy.


30,000, 10,000. Woo. That's, that's jewelry. That's your, like you buy like you got your a like you got that Rolex And you got them chrome hard jeans that you sitting on there smoking them cigars. How much a prayer A Chad Chrome heart jeans 10, 12, 15,000. The Belt 5,000. Nah. Yeah. Bull Jive. You know I'm a, You know I'm a booster now. A booster. I don't know what you are, but I'm just saying can I get my $5,200 so I can send this woman a money? Money? I got you. I got you. No, you don't got me. Hold On. When you, when you, when you gonna get the dog?


When you gonna get the dog? So I can send the money over? I gotta wire the mon, I gotta wire the money half of it tomorrow. Oh, tomorrow. So you gonna send your half and when, when the dog come, I can you the rest of it. What you mean by half? You got that man about he, his man gonna talk about he, he go, you go and sell your half and when he come I give you my, he give you my half. All of it's my half. You got my money. This man, this man talking about buying McLaren. This man talking about man, dumb ball. All kind of stuff Got catch. Y'all saw it?


Seven inch tv. Hey hold on. Hey listen, I'm in, I'm in my winning season. Where's the round sound? I'm in my winning season, UNC. I told you 2025. I'm not playing. Why I wanna win. I losing right Now. You Ain't losing. Oh, you ain't losing. You just bought a $10,000 dog. How you losing? You was Finn to buy a car yesterday but the tariffs made you Stop? I wasn't buy, no, I was thinking no, I was thinking about buying a car in 26. I wasn't buying no car this year. Oh, Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. I just got the extended, I just got the extended warranty. Oh no. Okay, So, alright. As a matter Of fact, as a matter of fact, I'm gonna push it all the way back to 28. I'm just going get, get me a two year extended warranty. Right. My warranty will be up in, in January of 26th. So I'm gonna get 26, 27. I get me a new car in 28.


Okay, well I'm I'm gonna wait till 28 then to get it Then. No, you ain't Finn to wait. Nothing. No. Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew. If you can wait, if you can wait that long, go ahead. If you could, if you could die, would I be throwing at you? Good luck, Chad. Y'all see this man? Oh hey. But that's funny. Yeah, that's funny. That's funny boy, that's, that's funny. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm chilling though. I ain't gonna buy, I ain't gonna buy nothing. I ain't gonna buy nothing. I'm chilling. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just glad to be in a new place, man. This thing, this thing look real now. I will give you the tour.


I will give you a tour, but I don't know how to, I don't know how to work the camera. Don't worry about it. If you, I'll tell you what Ocho I I, if you don't get send me my money, I'm gonna come visit you and I'm gonna take me a duke on the alpaca. No, no, don't do that. Hey bunk, You know how much I paid for that. Guess how much you gonna play to get it clean? Nah, Nah, I enjoy me some chocolate milk and I'm gonna eat about three, four apples. Hey listen, You know, you come to Miami, You know it's a whole lot of people gotta deal with you. You, you mess around with me down here. Now I'm talking about a complete blowout. Alright, let's transition. Get to some football. Kyler Murray says he wants to run the football more next season.


Let's take a listen to what Kyler had to say. Ocho I mean like the people out there that are like Kyler doesn't wanna run or he wants to, like how do you dispel that? 'cause I, I just look at it. Just part of the offense. Yeah. I, I actually, You know, conversations And I don't wanna get too scheme based about it, but like, I do feel like I have to run more next year. You know, I'm, I'm opening to, I'm open to running more next year just because it's such a, it's such a weapon, You know, it's such a weapon. It's, You know, defense is, it's like when I hand the ball off, obviously I hand the ball off to James. So it's not Like, You know, I hand the ball off to Trey. I hand, You know, we're a very good, You know, rushing team, which is a great thing. But when Lamar hands the ball off, everybody's like, oh, Like, You know, you take it, you can relax, You know, Josh hands the ball off.


Ah. You know what I mean? So I think for us, part of the emphasis going into the next season is conceptually on time. I feel like I'm one of the best in the league. I like that. I like that. I, a lot. I do. Now remember we had, we, there was some coach that played that said he didn't wanna run. Now he said, and he's right, the most dangerous player, the most dangerous is when he has the ball in his hands. Lamar is the most dangerous when he has the ball in his hands. When you don't know what he's gonna do. You pray he throws it, you pray Josh Allen throws it. You ain't trying to get, you not trying to get see any of those guys.


Josh Allen 6 6 2 50 Lamar Jackson. Ah, yeah, Man, ain't no telling. Just I like it. I, I like it. 'cause when, when, when you think about what Kyle Murray's able to do, I think he's also become a quarterback that he's know, he's, he's a dual threat. You know, he, he know he can, he can play off script, he can pull the ball down and use his legs. But it's one of those quarterbacks who also wants to throw first. You know, he wants to hurt you with his arm first. And then if I have no choice, then I use my legs after. I think he wants to be seeded and viewed in the same light as your Lamar Jacksons as your Josh Allens and the other dude threat quarterbacks around the NFL. I think that he hasn't had the team success that they have, You know, being able to reach, being able to reach the playoffs consistently year in, year out.


But I think allowing him to do that more, being able to use his legs a little bit more to help him out offensively would be tremendous. You know, for Arizona. I agree. I agree. The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited podcast series, dub dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dove Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camil Ramon at am Ortiz. And our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was Very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.