
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old s sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Chba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store. Play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life@chumbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume, Pat, you gonna have to change your ways. Derek Carr announces his retirement from the NFL show 34 recently underwent multiple medical evaluations on his shoulder. Shoulder was deemed the only route back to a hundred percent and that would mean six up to six months of recovery. Carl retires after staying all 11 seasons. He's a four time pro bowler, 257 touchdowns, 41,000 passing yards. Top 25 all time. Third place in the MVP vote, he walks away from 30 mil a I have a question now.


I'm, I'm, I'm confused. Yeah, we in April, we just had the draft. Yeah, the season ended. How long ago? December. Yeah. Well that season end in January, beginning of Ja. But he, no, he was his season bent over because he got hurt. Remember? Rap been playing? Yeah. So I'm trying to understand why wouldn't the situation rectify? So you come into the season healthy. Why are we still talking about the same thing we were talking about last year? Oh, what was it? You know, sometimes though, yo, You know, they give you say rest and then when rest don't do it now, say now you don't let two months pass and rest and when you should have went and had that shoulder. Listen, You know good and well, you don't play route. Nothing like that. Anything with the upper extremities, with the arms, especially when it comes to a quarterback.


You want to get all those issues done and out the way. If there was even a thought or inclination that there's something wrong with it that would hamper your throwing motion or plan your position at the best of your ability. You go get it fixed. You go get it, you go get it fixed. Oh, Joe Derek Carr has made $205 million in his career. He has a 77 and 92 record. 4 4 4 55 win percentage. Just one trip to the playoffs. And I think they lost to you guys the ninth most cash from 2014 to 2024. Aren Rogers has made 292000001st cousins, 2 91 Matthew Stafford, 2 87 Russell Wilson, 2 64 Dak Prescott 2 44.


Jerry Goff, 2 34. Matt Ryan, 2 22. Tom Brady, 1 98. Derrick Carr, 1 96. And Ma homeboy 1 79 and Boy make a pretty penny. Boy. They make a pretty penny. And You know the funny thing about it, I was upset, I was sad. You know, I don't like to see players hurt. Hell, I got damn tweeted the, the, the broken heart emoji about Derrick car being gone. And then I had to remember, well, You know what, the people in the people in in New Orleans, in Baton Rouge in Louisiana, man, they happy they cheering. They second lining. Oh, I mean, I know you, you happy Derrick Carr is going. You didn't like your quarterback that you had, but now who you got now you got Spencer Rattler.


No disrespect to him. Young Bull. They Got Spencer Rattler and they took, they took the quarterback what his name slot Chuck. They took shook. I'm just telling who they took And I ain't, I ain't, I ain't shuck it with yo ocho. That's who they took. They took, That's, that's exactly how the saints gonna be. They gonna be shook until they get a goddamn quarterback. You know, listen, my people in New Orleans, boy, we ain't got no patience. We ain't got no patience. We done dealt with too much. We need a quarterback. And Well, what happens is you get spoiled. You had Drew Brees for 15 years and then you, you expect every quarterback, It's hard to follow That.


You know it, look, you're not gonna be Green Bay, you're not gonna have Brett far for 15, 20 years. You're not gonna have Aren Rogers for 20 years. Love. And then you go right to love. That ain't happening. You not finna have, most teams don't get to have 30, 40 years. I mean, you're talking about could be 40 plus years of prosperity at the quarterback position. Yeah. That's crazy. That is absurd to think about it. 'cause think about it. You had 17 years with, well, about 17 years with P and then you had another 18 years with Rogers and now you have love. So that's th that's what, 30, 35 years. So you about to have 45, maybe even 50 years of prosperity at the quarterback.


Oh, and not just any quarterback. We talking about them boys like that, that, that board Two hall of offense. Yeah, you can make a case. Aren Rogers is one of the greatest of all time. That Was Brett Favre. And, and, and listen, Jordan Love on in his own right is on his way to be just that as well as he continues to improve year in and year out. But Derek Carr is done. He says, no, I don't want to go go through that anymore. He says, I talked it over my wife and my family and six months of rehab for 30 million. Like, nah, it ain't even worth It. Hold on. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Stay with me right now. Hey Chad, y'all stay with me real quick. My Saints fans, tell me what you think about this Now I know based on what we saw from him last year, it wasn't anything to hype about.


You know, it wasn't nothing to second line about, but how about Aren Rogers coming in for a year in New Orleans until we get the rookie right, or the, or or for Spencer Ick and also, You know, watch and learn behind him. What y'all think about that? I know I got some, some Saint fans in this chat. I'm just, I'm just curious, what's your thought on that? I'll Let, I'll let the Saint fans run. I'll let the Saint fans. What'd You think? No, no. What you think one year? No. No. Okay. I to work off for, for the Jets. He was there two years. I mean, I mean you Right, I I'm just curious, I'm just curious your thought process in bringing in a veteran presence, You know, to see what they could do with Aren. But if you say no, then it's no, but here The thing is Ocho but you're bringing him in for one year. What are we giving outta one year?


Our development for the younger quarterbacks, allowing 'em to see how it should look, how it should go. Oh, let let them develop. You told me guys don't get better by being on the bench. Okay. That's what you tell me. You right, you're Right. You right. I was just curious. Saints head coach Kelly Moore said he'll rotate all their quarterbacks, give them all opportunity as one tries tries to seize the starting job. We're going to let all three of these guys roll. Each will be given a chance to win the Saints starting Jo job. The people in the chat, the Saints fans that got fucked, this shit we cooked. Harrison stands for Shook. He has the second worst quarterback, accuracy versus power.


Five opponents of any quarterback in this class. 42% completion rate when precious, 58% completion rate when bli solid performance when kept clean. All quarterbacks are good when you keep 'em clean. Yeah, you got to be, listen, Hey Ocho, my house is immaculate when it's clean. Duh. Hey listen, under pressure, under pressure. And A lot of times you're gonna be under Pressure. Exactly. How accurate and consistent can you be when you're under duress? That's the, that's the tall tale time of a great quarterback. Always calm under pressure, always, always accurate under pressure, regardless of what's coming, coming at him from all time.


Right man. And again, that's like, that's why I questioned the draft again. That's why Kristen, the draft again, could you take those same numbers you just talked about and I'm, I'm not gonna say his name, but You know who I'm talking about. And you look at when he had to deal with, because his offensive line play wasn't that good, but for some reason, unc I mean he was highly accurate. Still it's funny how that works, but that, that's neither here nor there. So as a wide receiver, you want a guy that can catch the ball in traffic. Oh, now we Talk, Tell anybody can catch when they wide open. I hope the hell Shado spoke to the media today and had a couple of notable sound bites listening to what Shado on critics saying that he didn't have the talent to be selected at the top of the draft.


Let's take a listen to what Shado had to say. Ocho And quarterback too. I mean, thank you for saying that. 'cause I don't like, my job here isn't to prove people wrong. Like I prove myself right. That that's, that's, that's, and I, and I fully I self-belief, You know, and what, what those people say. That's, that's just their opinion. So I don't truly care. They, they, they don't really live in my mental space about that type of stuff. Really doesn't do anything for me. Yeah, I like that. And that's what I tell people. Your job is not to prove somebody wrong. It's your job to prove yourself right. And if you prove yourself right in the process of proving you right, you'll prove them wrong.


And, and that's the thing that, You know, you have to learn. And it's it been a process. Stop worrying about what people that don't know you think, think, I think a lot of people have Stop worrying about that because I ocho you heard me say this all I want people to love. I was just, I just need the people that I love to love me. Come on now. See you. Trying to see you, you trying to, and, and, and, and, and You know, obviously the elephant is not in the room. He outside. But everybody knows what I'm going through. A lot of people have a lot to say. But as my brother been calling me and a lot of, I've met a lot of people and thank you all, everybody that's reached out and, and the thoughts and prayers, I, I sincerely appreciate that.


But, but when you think about it, don't your man. 50%, 50% of the people don't care that you got problems. The other 50%. Glad you you got 'em. Come on, pastor. So now what? Come pastor them, Take your time. I agree with you. Do. I'm not worried about, look, I'm where I am, right? This is where I, I'm in Cleveland, 30 other team, 31 other teams that didn't select me. And I understand that there are some teams, You know, Cincinnati and Baltimore and, and certain teams weren't in the real or quarterback. I get it. I'm not talking about those. Thank you Cleveland. Forgive me an opportunity because sometimes all you need is an opportunity.


And now what you do with that opportunity will tell us who and what you are. But the, the thing is OCHO is that, You know, you have to learn that I'm, I'm learning and it's still a learning process, is that you gotta drown out the noise, man. Yeah. You can't be concerned with everybody. 'cause everybody's gonna have an opinion. Everybody think they know you. They really do. Everybody think they know you when they really don't. They heard this, they heard that. Have you ever talked to Shannon? Have you ever been around with Shannon? Have you been around Ocho? Have you been to Ocho? Present? So what makes you, what makes you think You know him? How well do You know him? So Shado, just go do your thing.


That's all. That's, that's all he can do. Now, Ocho it's, it is now. It's about playing. At some point in time, the talking, we'll stop. You gotta play. The play will start, the cream will rise to the top, and then we'll have something to talk about. But right now, I I I don't really, yeah, they keep, I, I think sometimes I think they keep, they wanna make him frustrated. They want him to make him lash out. But yeah, I should have been this. Yeah, I should been that. Not he's too well schooled. Not like that. Hey, he's too Ed. I call, I call him. He's seasoned. Even though he is just getting here, based on where he's coming from. He's seasoned. He's already prepared. Mentally be prepared for this. He's gonna be fine now. And the one thing I do like is I wanna prove me wrong.


I wanna prove me wrong. We have too many people today, and especially in today's society, we're in a social media era where everybody is worried about looking a certain way, dressing a certain way, looking to par, looking like I have it because they're so worried about what everybody else gonna say. Every morning you get up and, and you look in that mirror. That's the person you in competition with. That's it. Yep. That's the person in competition. I just need to beat 'em from yesterday. Ocho I just need, I just need to be better today than that guy was yesterday. Yeah. Every Time and every time you look in the mirror, right? And you have to understand I'm competing against me. And anytime you compare yourself to somebody else, comparison to the thief of joy.


Gonna be sad at the time, depending on who you're comparing yourself to, man, shit, you better put them goddamn horse bins on Lake at the Kentucky, Kentucky, Kentucky Derby. Put your head down and just go straightforward at your, at your own. That's it. Because you don't know. You don't know nothing about nobody else story. No. You don't know nothing about nobody else. Story. Focus on your food right there in front of you and stop trying to pick off what other people's plate you, man, you gonna be all right man. Too many people, they lose like that. Huh? They lose like that. Worry about everybody else. They do. You dry yourself crazy trying to please everybody too. You do. You do. Because at the end of the day, are you happy?


Because there have been times don't yo, when in the process of trying to please somebody, I was trying to please everybody else, but the one person that was unhappy was me. So in the process, I, everybody else is happy. Everybody's ecstatic. They do it. I'm giving they they doing this and they're doing that. And I'm miserable.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree co rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degrees. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and other protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purses sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report,


I am asking myself, is it enough? What else do I need to do? 'cause I'm trying to make sure everybody else is happy and deep down inside, I'm I'm dying. What? That's a, it's one thing to be alone. It's something else entirely different to be lonely. See, there are two different things alone and lonely. See, you can be alone and be content with that. You can be some, you can be with someone and be lonely. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey boy. Said something just there. Boy, It's, that's a very fine line.


Ocho hey, that's a very, very fine line. Said Something just there, boy, hey, alone and lonely. You could be alone, but it don't mean you lonely. Correct. Hey, that, hey, That's juicy. Absolutely correct. That Juicy. Next time I get, when I get in my next argument, I get in my next argument with Shannon. I'm a I'm I'm gonna use that. Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna use that. Yeah, it's, it's, but a lot of times, Ocho and, and the thing is, is that like when you've been alone for a long period of time, you realize that you really don't have time for bs.


But You know, we talk about humans though, unc You know, we all put a little baggage now, now when you're alone Yes. For a very long period of time, depending on how long that period may be, you go into an understanding at some point, even though you don't wanna deal with no bs it come with something. Yeah. Ocho I think the thing is, is that what I've learned in my life is that you are dating a person's past and all the trauma that's in that past. And people don't understand that. And, and the thing is, is that people don't put on their resume. Because if I, if I have to fill out something, you think I'm gonna put my worst attributes on that resume, I'm gonna put my best foot forward and I'm gonna tell you all the reasons why I should have this job.


Not the reasons why I shouldn't. So if a person wants to be in a relationship, they're gonna tell you all the things and show you all the things, the reasons why you should select he or her in that relationship. I like that. I like that. It's not what You know, that hurts you. It's what you find out that hurts you. I, I'm done. I ain't finish. I'm done. I'm done. O yo, I'm done. I'm Done. Hey Pastor Shaw. Don't do the congregation like that because I know, I know the chat. I know I'm not the only one taking notes. I know the chat. I chat, I know y'all taking notes. Don't, don't lie to me now, but take your time. Now we wait. That, that, I, I think that's the thing. People are like, what, I don't know won't hurt me, but what you find out later Yeah.


Could hurt you. See, That's what I love. I love, I love, I love starting, I love starting. And, and for us and for people that are known, where, where it's, it's a simple Google, we talk about people filling out their resumes and always putting their best foot forward when they meet people. You know, for those that don't like, to be honest, like, listen, I come with baggage, I come with A, B, C, and D, but I'm gonna check the boxes Yes. Of what you need done for you and your life and me helping you. I'm also gonna provide, provide d, e, and F. So can we counter, can we balance and come to a happy medium where you understand what baggage I do have and bitch, can you unpack it, right? Because you're not going to meet anybody where everything is, oh my God, this piece of the cream.


No, no, no, no. That's, that's not reality. No. But we love to make it Think you make, we love to make it seem like you the greatest thing women all the time. Oh, he fumbled me. You mean to tell me everybody you came across fumbled you, you just, that Must have been raining. Must have been, must have been raining. You must be real slippery. You can't hold on with you. Are You that much of a catch? Damn. No marriage. Every relationship. Like it, it, it's because we're all human. At the end of the day, no matter what we may think about ourselves, you gotta you gotta feel highly about yourself. You, you have to. But at the end of the day, oh, you, you regular fuck. At the end of the day, You know, You know, you put your stuff on your aesthetics and your jewelry, your makeup.


When you take all that shit off, that's the real, you, you still, it's, you still just, you, you just human. I, I I think at the, at the end of the day, Ocho, is that what I, what I wanted to say? I wanted to say, I forgot my train of thought. I was, I was gonna say something. I don't know if it was profound or not, but I wanted to say, I wanted, I wanted to say it. It'll, it'll, it'll come. It'll come, it'll come back to me Now. Take your time now. It was what I wanted to say. It was on the tip of my tongue. And I want, and I I I I, I let it slip my mind. I'm gonna go upstairs tonight and I'll be thinking about, I say that's what I wanted to tell Ocho.


That's, that's exactly, oh, I know what this young lady told me one time. She said, Shannon, you got a lot of scar tissue. Mm. She said, but let me love you with all those scars. She say, Shannon, the thing is with you, you don't know how to receive love. I don't know if you've ever been loved, but I do know you don't know how to receive it. She said, I'll love you past all those scars if you just allow it.


I wanted to put my head on the shoulder and cry with you. That's what I wanted to do. But You know, at that stage, pride wouldn't let me. It wouldn't let me. So I think that's the the thing that we all want. We wanna be loved, we wanna be appreciated. Well, you got, boy, you got me about to tear up, bro. But you, You know, You know, you don't see my head. You got that was but say that, say that one more time. Say say, say the line about the scars. Say say the line. She told me about the scars.


She said she wanted, she wanted the love she wanted above me in spite of my scars. She said, I see the scar tissue. She said, I see the hurt in your heart. I hear the way you talk. I see the way you look. She said, I hear all, I see it and I hear all of that. She said, but I could love you past all that. She said, I just need you to receive the love that I'm trying to give you. Well, that's deep there. Boy. People, people don't understand. Oh. Oh man. Shado had a hilarious response after being asked if he was gonna buy number two off Deandre Carter. Let's take a listen to what Shado had to say about number two Jersey. You try to buy two from DeAndre? No, I'm not trying to buy anything.


My sign of bonus ain't that high right here. I i, I don't believe you should do her. You gotta answer bread. Like I said, when I went to Baltimore ocho I didn't want no, I I I didn't want a, a odd number. I didn't want 81 or 83, 85. Right. Something like that. I didn't want that. I wanted a, a even number. I I went to Jamal Jermaine Lewis who had number 80. Yeah. At I remember J yeah, I offered him, he and I said, I'll buy you and your wife matching Rolex. You get a his, she get hers. He like, nah. He said, nah, I wanna keep it. So I ain't never really liked that mean the 88 number just didn't seem Nah, well with me, well 82 was cool.


Frank White, Frank Wayne Wright had it. And I was like, I hear about, I said, freaky frank man, what you want for that number? He was with, if I'm not mistaken, I think he was with me a, a couple, like in 99. He ended up getting released. He was with me in Denver. So I kind of knew him a little bit. I said, free, we call him Freaky Frank. I said, freaky Frank man, what you want for 82? He like, Sharpie, I don't want anything. You can have it. I said, nah, nah, nah, freaky Frank. That's your number and I wanna give you something. I said, what I mean, what you like to do? What's your hobbies? He said, man, sharper, I don't like to do anything with fish, man. I said Here, I said, how much does a bass boat cost You bought? Said Sharper, you don't have to do that. I said, you bought A boat.


I bought him a bass. Damn. I bought him a bass boat. Hey, if I'm wi, if I was willing to give, You know, back then Rolex is probably his and hers probably been about 30,000 if I was willing to do that. To get that, get to 84 a Bass Bowl, they can pay you like 14. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Oh, so you, you got all much better. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, and plus Ozzy kind of had that number. I said, but, and I said Ozzy ain't the same. Right. It ain't Cleveland. I said, if it was Cleveland, it'd be one thing and then you ain't, this ain't Cleveland. So, but it was good. It, it worked out.


And so I don't blame you do, I ain't paying that money. I ain't paying nothing either a fifth round draft pick. Now when I got 84, 'cause I was 81 my first two years Ocho and then Ricky Nael ended up going to, I think he went to Tampa or something man, when I found out he wasn't coming back, man, I called Dan so quick. I said, Dan, can I get 84? He's like, absolutely Shark. I said, Hey, I'm good. Hey, I called, I called equipment guy. What was his name? Bill, bill something. Ron. Ronnie Bill? No, Ronnie Bill was the uncle. But anyway, his nephew was the equipment guy at the time.


I said, bro, you might as well go ahead and take that sharp off 81 and put it on the back of 84. I already called Dan. Boy you talking about happy. I feel ah, Damn 80 they having the number. You want to just do something to you. Can I ask you a question? It does Ocho de Deandre Carter. Yeah. What, what, what, what position? Yeah, young boy play. I don't know what, what position did Deandre Carter to play? Is he probably offense, I'm a thinking receiver. What was he in college? He had to be a higher draft pick than, than, so he Is a rookie. He's a rookie coming in. He's not a rookie.


He already had it. Oh, he might have came in free agency ocho. And I mean, why wouldn't he give hold on now when you have a single digit number, right? Yeah. When you wear that single digit number, you understand what come you Gotta do that Comes with that. Whether it be pop water, middle school, high school in the NFL, everybody with a single digit number. Ojo is that boy Deandre Carter. He's been number 16, number 14, number 19. He's been one twice. He's been 82, he's been three, he's been 11 now he's number two.


Why You name so many numbers? Because He's been on that many teams. Alright, no disrespect to him. I hope young boy has a a phenomenal season and show that You know what out with that number two on Handy a business. But hey, number two, Hey, you got any, Hey, anytime, anything from one to nine, you gotta be special. You cannot wear no single DJ number if you not like. That's, that's why I said why would, why would, okay. But, but I hope young bull, That's mandatory. I mean, period. Certain things are just mandatory. That is mandatory. It's a rule too at that. Huh? HBCUs, any college, I mean NFL single digit numbers are for those who are like that.


They put butts in the seats. But that's neither here nor there. Yeah, for sure. I was, I was single digit ever since. 'cause I took the number three from my brother. So I went three all the way through high school and I went two all the way through college. So yeah, I wish, I wish we could had single digit number 'cause I definitely would've got number two. Oh oh Back, back Then. Well, my friend had it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I definitely would've gotten number two. Well, Mike Durran, the pointer had it, but as soon as he left I'd have got it. Because back then Ocho it wasn't like it is now.


You got a number and if you change numbers, you got all the, the other de jerseys and circulations, all that. Just, I had, I had to do that. Yeah. Oh, did you? Absolutely. I I and I listen, I had no problem doing it because I understood. I understood what that name change it done Ocho. We know how the media likes to critique any misstep time sons to paint a false narrative. I bet they won't highlight how respectful they are. Watch the video of Hil Shiloh. Shake it every media member hand before start of first availability. Let's take a listen, don't you My new media team here. There you go.


That's all we got. Good. Logan, good shout. Rock pleasure, Ben, Brandon, Jenna, Scott, nice to meet you. Please rock. Thanks. Oh, my guy with the camera right here. Appreciate all, I'll just stand right here. And I like it. According to Jenna Lane, Shiloh was the only player who's done that this week. He said Bugs were the first team to call. He's forever grateful that they gave him a chance. Hey, listen, you might, you might wanna make friends with him now. 'cause they, they gonna, they gonna, they gonna be right there.


They gonna be like gnats. They, they, hey, they gonna be like next and they gonna be fair. You know, so everything is up to you. That's all we ask. They, They gonna be fair. Everything is up to you. You might as well be nice to 'em. 'cause they gonna, they gonna be in your face for a very, very long time. I'd be so good that when I have a bad game, it's like, hey, this is an admiration. This is not how he normally plays. Yep. That's, I mean, I was very, very fortunate. I think the thing, I think the thing is Ocho like when you come in as a low draft pick, you get a lot more grace because there's not the expectation of a first, second, third round pick on you. So he's an undrafted freer, so he'll get more benefit of the doubt than someone that was a first, second or third year.


First, second or third round pick. Or a veteran player that's played for a number of years. Kinda like I was seven round pick O Joe. What wasn't they gonna say? Oh, he's not very good. I'll suffer our pick. But what I got good. He was like, Hey, I remember this guy with special teams. We saw how hard he worked, blah, blah, blah, x, y, and z. They'll give him the grace, but he will have earned it.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they fd up and are bringing the original cool ru scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nissen report,


Ojo teams reportedly laughed at the idea of adding George Pickens to their roster. According to Jeff Howell of the Athletic, these were the, these were Jeff words exactly word leak during the draft that picket was available if anyone wanted him. Some teams polled by the athletic at the time, laughed at the idea of inviting pickets into their locker room for any price, let alone a second day draft pick. There wasn't a lot of interest in talking with the Steelers about a trade. Hence, this is why the trade happened after the draft. Nobody was interested. Yeah, I I I also would love to hear any teams that weren't interested and the team that did laugh or had something to say slick about it.


Now I know the issues that he had on field, but I, let's talk about what he does on the field. I know we've had small, in small small instances of, of him where he's loafed, where he hasn't blocked being late, Hadn't run Hard, running hard. Now let's talk about the times and when he does play hard and what he can do for you when he gets the ball in his hands, there's a bunch of teams that could actually use that. A bunch of teams that got choose that, You know, who don't have anybody. Ocho Ocho you do realize his job is to play hard all the time. I understand that, but can I tell you something too? Every receipt, I play hard all the time. Ocho it can't be that obvious.


You know, I the ball Fumble, right? Listen, I'm with you. Right? I'm, I'm just Saying and not and not Trying to, it's magnified. It's magnified. You know, You know what I'm trying to say? Let we Yes. What I'm trying to say, but you right, you're right. He, but see, the problem that he has is that if that's Randy Moss, he ain't Moss. Yeah. He ain't Jerry Rice. So you don't get to have that luxury Yeah. Of taking a Pay off. Hey, Randy was funny with it, boy. Hey, Randy was funny with it. So when George Pickens can give you 23 touchdowns when he can give you 16, 1700 yards. Now take A play off. Now he's that type of player though. But You know what it takes to get that?


It takes opportunities, it takes the ball. It does. And we understand the quarterback carousel and the issues they had offense be over there where that would, that wasn't the case. He's that type of talent. Now what I, what what I, You can't start off like that OCHO Hey. Huh? If you can't start off like that, you can't be like that in your first couple years. You gotta get some, you gotta get some seniority on L Right, right, right, right. Hey, You can, that's your, that's year five, year six. After you've been to the Pro Bowl three or four times, you've been the first team on pro a couple of times. You can't do that coming out they box. Yeah, I know, I know. I knew, I knew we were frustrated. I knew he was frustrated like a, You know what, You know, I know, I know. He was. Because you, you look at p you look at some of the players, even you doing the doing.


If I think it was you that did the comparison as far from a talent standpoint when it was coming out the draft, You know? Yeah. I mean, dude immensely talented. There's just another side that once we fix that up, he matures a little bit. He's gonna be all right. Listen, after that conversation I had with him, he gonna be all right. He's not gonna have no issues in Dallas because listen, my back against the wall now you seeing all the young bulls get paid, they making big money. You, you need to be a 30, $35 million receiver. You can be that. If you show this year in Dallas and the world is watching now, you on the biggest stage, baby, you on the biggest stage. Just go out there, do what you need to do, hand your business and get your bag in the off season.


Most receiving yards in the Steelers drafted in the last 20 years. And Antonio O Brown was a six round draft pick in 2010. He averaged 86.2 yards with the Steelers. He averaged 67.8 with two teams. After that, Mike Wallace was around three pick in 2009, 64 yards with the Steelers less than 50 with four teams after that. San Antonio Holmes 6 64 yards with the Steelers round one selection in 2006, 42 yards with two teams after he left Juju 61 yards with the Steelers 35 yards, two teams. After he left the Steelers, George Pickens round 2 20, 22 59 yards.


We'll see what he average Deontay Johnson 2019 around three selection, 57 yards, 31.3, three teams after Sometimes the grass ain't always greener. Well wait, the, the Steelers don't have the one thing we know about the Steelers though, Ocho, they ain't got no problem moving on from Yeah, don't They don't. They don't. After, after they get what they want you out of them, they get a whole lot of production out the one they move on from first now, You know. So I mean, you think about it, think about who I mean, Swan, Stallworth and, and, and, and Es Ward, all the others been Louis Limps left. Yy Pigpen left. Yes.


Yeah. I mean think about it. Ocho, all the other ones left. Yeah. Plex, Mike Wallace, Emanuel Sanders, every, everybody, everybody. Obviously it's the nature of the Oh Chase Martavia Bryant. 53 yards. 33 yards a game with the Raiders. Chase Claypool 50 52 yards. Now. Now Now less than 12 yards. A game with two feet. Yeah. Also, also you have to understand the situations these these individuals went to. They're going into a different, they went into a different situation. George Pickens is going into a situation where he is a bold fight, number one alongside another number one where offensively they're going to use him a lot more than these other players were used when they went to the places they went to again.


And he is also a much, and I mean, no disrespect, I got to say that he's a much better talent and receiver than everybody else. You just named too outside of the Antonio O'Brien. Antonio Brown's. Yeah, I was gonna say he better than Antonio. Shit. Man, man, brother, brother Brown might be top five all time depending on who you ask. I just look, the thing is for whatever I, but it's gotta be something in Pittsburgh. Look at all the receivers be named and for some reason, hey, you either coach it or you tolerate it. Ocho, now what is it? What's going on?


You coach it or you tolerate it. Which is it Ocho I'm asking. Well, you got my hand. You got your, What other team have a position? What other team has a running back position? A D-line position? A quarterback position? A quarterback position with this big, hold on, this is the last 20 years. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. We didn't mention pl, we didn't mention Emanuel Sanders. So that's, that's 10 receivers in the last two decades. What's going on with Joe? I don't know. Listen, if we go down the other 31 teams, they'll probably be the same goddamn thing. So we got 10 players at one position that the team has got rid of.


That's the nature of the business. It's the nature of the business too. Now, come on now. No, it's not open. You think so? Don't do that. Name the team. Oh, I, I don't have it in front of me. I, I'm just saying. No, You ain't gotta have it in front of you. You out the top of your head. Name 10 players that play a position for any team that's had these kind of issues. What the Steelers had with Y Receiver. Oh, Shoot nine. Alright, Let's see what you wrote down.


Old Joe. And I can't, I can't think of that. Why? Because there ain't none. You ain't naming, you are not naming 10 players for one team at one position. I ain't talking about getting rid of somebody from, okay, we got rid of y receiver, we got rid of a tight end. We got rid of a db, we got, this is all one position. Don't, Joe. Yeah, you right. Well maybe, maybe they, maybe they just have, they, they, they got bad luck over there. You coach it or you condone it. A little bit of, a little bit of both depending on how good he is. Okay. According to James Slater, George Pickett says he found out when everyone else found out about the trade.


He says like the mojo and the swag is here. George Pickett was asked how he sees himself in this offense with CD Lamb. He says he definitely sees himself on the outside. He doesn't really understand the notion of a one A and one B receiver. When I used to watch football, there was always a good receiver. There's always a good receiver on the other side of him. So I just feel like we're gonna work off of each other really well. Pickens was asked what he brings to the team as a teammate. He said he's bringing people along. He knows how to win, having won a championship at Georgia. He says he doesn't know what number he plans on wearing yet. Next order of business is getting here as quickly as he can, but he needs to find a place. I and a vehicle haven't talked to Jerry yet, but spoken with Dak and the coaches and met some of the players.


Speaking of swag, the do Dallas Cowboy Pro shop is already sold out. Ofties, I'm getting, listen, I got, I got a few jerseys. I gotta get me this off season too, man. I gotta get me a George Pick and d jersey. I got, I gotta get Zach Wilson, dolphin jersey. I gotta listen. Is it okay a chat? Y'all let me know. I listen. I can I get a Shado Sanders jersey even though I'm, I'm Bengal by heart or is that, is that No, no. Yeah, I guess you could, yeah, sure. You could Un understanding the circumstances. Yeah, yeah. Ask, I'm curious. I'm curious. I'm gonna ask Bengal fans that see how they feel about it. If they say no, I won't get one.


The Volume, you,


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex platinum it doesn't have to just yet. You can sit back and relax at the airport with Centurion lounge access and because you earn five times membership, rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. Your trip to the beach and back can take you somewhere different. Next time we should go to Thailand. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.