
Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com and use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a lease just for you


At Lowe's, our members get more. With the My Lowe's Rewards programs, you can shop member only deals for your home and business every week. Plus members earn points on eligible purchases. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change free standard shipping. Not available in Alaska and Hawaii. Exclusions and more terms apply.


Clorox Tiva. Smells like grapefruit, cleans like Clorox and feels like yay. Okay, we could be here all day. Try Clorox TIVA for a trusted clean with long lasting freshness. Also available in lavender and coconut use is directed The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths and a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network tonight. Thank you guys for joining us as the OKC Thunder. Take down the Boston Celtics one 18 to one 12. They got balance scoring. They had seven players in double figures. They only had nine players to play. Every player scored at least two points except one Wiggins went down with an injury. But basically it was a great game. Outstanding game. Boston didn't get the balanced production they normally do with the exception of Jason Tatum and Al Horford. Nobody else really did what they normally would do. Thank you for joining us.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know who I am, I'm your favorite. Shannon Sharp, the guy down below your favorite number 85, the Rock runner extraordinaire, the Bingle Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Ah, please. And thank you for your continued and loyal support. You guys have been with us from the day one And you Lamb left our side. Thank you, thank you, thank you so much. Please make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock. Thank you for all those that came out to Chico. Came out to Benny's in Chicago, greatly appreciated it.


Great chatting it up, chopping it up with you. And again,   than five. We have, we have, I said that so many times today. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We ship it directly to you. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shaa by La Porter. Please drink responsibly. Please stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all platforms. She Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirts and hat bundle. The link is pen at the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited. So once they're gone, they're gone.


Please make sure you order yours before you miss out on this great opportunity. We've got guest tonight, master p Xavier Wood joining the show a little later. But first the thunder beat the Celtics one 18 to one 12 Monster. Double double. Chet Holmgren Shaa Washa rah. He's leading in the MVP 23 points for Chet 15 rebounds. Shay, if I'm not mistaken, had 33 and seven. Yep. No he had 34 7 1 steal four rebounds. They got ball score, don't Joe, they got Lou do gave him 13.


Wallace gave him 14. Kim Williams gave him 10. I Hartenstein gave him 11 Isaiah. Joe gave him 11. It was a very balanced night. The Celtics made a run late in the third quarter to tie this thing up, but at the start the fourth they get out to a lead OKC does. And then I think over the last stretch at one point they outscored him 15 one on a 15 four run to kind of blew the game. Open Celtics in a couple of baskets. But they were never AB able to reattach themselves to to the Celtics. But man KC look really good ocho, they look, they don't look good, they look great, They look great. Listen, I think this is the preview of the NBA finals and could I, could I be wrong or do you think I'm right what you think You could be right, but cl the Cavalier's gonna have something to say.


The problem with the Celtics on show every so much of what they do is braced on three point shooting. They got three. Why? Why they doing that? That's I a question. That's the game. That's the game Even. Even if, even if it is their game, you can't live and die by the three. You're too talented as a team with players that could do much more than just shoot behind the harps. Why you living and die by that? What happened when everybody has a night a a off night when you get your head beat, you shot 30, you thought you shot 36 damn threes in the first half, 63 for the game. And when you do that O Joe, you see the difference? Look at oh the thunder. They pressure you. Yeah. Now they getting to the free throw line, they got to the free throw line 23 more times. So even though they didn't shoot a great percentage, I think they were like what, 25 or 35 or something like that.


Yeah. Even though you don't shoot a great percentage unless you miss three quarters of them. You, the scientists went to the free throw line 12 times they made 10. Right. The other team went to the FO line 35 times. What if you go to the FO line 35 times, let's just say you make 20 of them, you already up. That's 10 more points from the foul line than the opposing team when it made 23. So I got a question. As a coach, as a coach, if you see the three's not working, at what point do you abandon the three? At what point do you abandon the three and have somebody run plays? Now I know Ingas didn't play so you really can't do much of the pain, but you still have players that can get down there and bang and do other stuff besides shoot behind the A knowing you having an off knowing you're having an off night.


But because I, I don't understand Because that's their game plan. It's kind of like why you say it's like a team that throws the football And you say why you throwing the football when you see you're not having success Because that's what they do. Why you running the football? You see they stopping you? Well that's what we do. The Celtics shoot, they take more, not necessarily make more, but they take more threes than anybody. And if you look at it ocho, JB did not have a great, great game tonight. No, Not tonight. No he Did not. No, I mean really with exception. I mean he, he didn't play good but give OKC credit they got tremendous wing defenders. Oh yeah. Caruso didn't even play. But you go look at Isaiah Joe, you look at Lou do you look at Wiggin, you look at Wallace, you look at TR hung, they can defend, they defended the perimeter and they can defend the paint.


Now that Hung is back And you got, you got Shay that's giving you 30 on a night. Right? And then you got, even though Jalen Williams didn't play, Jay Williams didn't play, he didn't even play. He's going to give you 20 a night. But these other guys are gonna chip in and give you the 13 to quarantine. They did an outstanding job on jb. They contested everything. They made it very difficult. They fouled him out. He only had what, 10 points and that was late in the ball game. But they foul him out. They foul Derrick white out because they put pressure on you. They're attacked now they'll take threes but they're looking to attack the basket. Right. And get you in foul trouble. But this is A OKC. They're gonna be tough.


SGA passed Kevin Durant tonight to become the fastest player in Thunder Supersonic history to reach 10,000 points. That's saying something Amazing. That's saying something. And we know how prolific KD is at scoring the basketball. Oh yeah. He got one of the highest scoring averages in NBA history. And for him to get to 63 to get to 10,000 points quicker than kd that's saying something you should be very proud of that the Celtics took 63 threes tonight, OCHO 63. 63. And and see that's, this is what makes it the ugly game.


That what people be talking about. You taking all the things clank bra like boom. Yeah but listen, listen, it is a beautiful thing when they on fire now. Yes. Yes. It's a beautiful thing when they hitting and all. Obviously it extends the lead and makes it difficult for other teams to come back. But when you off they off, This is why uc, Celtics get leads and teams track 'em down because they keep taking threes, they miss it and now all of a sudden they go down to the other end and another team they might make a few or get layups or get foul. Right. And next thing You know they're right back into the ball game because cel the Celtics can shoot you out of the gym but they can shoot you back into the gym with all those miss hurried rush threes.


And that's what you have to worry about. The thunder now have two fourth quarter winds against two winds against Boston. SGA the best. Both times doesn't seem like the Celtics can guard it. They can't. Yeah. And the cell just got good defenders. You look at Derrick White, they started with holiday on him. You look at JB Holiday. Yeah. That man got 34 and he did it on an of official night. It wasn't like he was 11 to 28. I think he was like 12 or of 20 or something like that. He didn't, he would, I mean he and Michael Jordan, the only two guards in NBA history to score at, to average at least 30 while shooting 50% from the floor. Really? So that tells you what type of shaa was a 11 of 20.


11 of 20 ocho. But he went to the foul line 11 times. He was telling 11 fo. So he put pressure on you because he is handled he three level score. He can get to the paint, he can get to the lane finish at the rim. He got a mid-range game now he's added the three now he didn't shoot the three ball well tonight he was one for seven. But he has that in his repertoire. Yeah, I was watching him warm up tonight and the shot that kinda like sealed the game, he got to the top of the key, back down, back down, nice touch, boom, hit the rim, got boom, got a great bow twin in bounce. He worked in that shot pretty much all. Now I'm just watching him going round and round and shooting that shot. But he got his ability. He kind, he kind of reminds you of the way he could like, like a left head, like a right-handed James Harden when James was in his peak and would just, oh, You know B up Bop BBBB.


Okay. I'm, no, I'm not, I'm going to the rim. Okay. You get a hug up on him and he, he drank, he Dr. Pulled through filed. Yeah. Sha Wait, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Go ahead. Wait, you, you went to the, you went to the game? No, I was watching it. I watching on Televis. I was Finn. Oh okay. Nah, no I didn't go to the game. But you just, You know why I, You know, you kind like if you do go to a game, I kinda like to see the guys warm up. Especially when they shoot where they shooting from because they, I think they're anticipating. 'cause a lot of guys, when they go around, shoot around, they work on the, they work on spots and they, You know. Right. So many and they like, okay this is kind of where I'm gonna be. Let's, let's, let's get this, you see LeBron shooting threes, he go around the horn shooting threes.


Okay. He gets to his post up. Okay. He gets on the right side. He demands the ball boom. Right. Oh okay. I'm gonna post up. Okay I'm gonna fake and I'm gonna go up under, up and under. He guys do certain things. So I like to like watch to kinda see how the game's gonna play out and the worked on this. And you watch Steph Curry. Steph is one that you watch because you see Right what he's doing. He is running, getting into a spot. Boom. He's doing certain different certain things but Ocho have to watch it. OKC man, Boy the West got their hands full. Oh yeah, most definitely. The West got the handful. Hmm. LeBron has returned to the Los Angeles per medical recommendation as he continues to progress well from strain left Groin, the Lakers have two games remaining on their current four game road trip back to back Thursday night against the Bucks.


Friday against the Nuggets ocho. Yeah. Yeah. What you thinking you think LeBron? I mean I can see him missing another week. Oh you can't play, you can't play with soft tissue injuries now. No. You cannot play with soft tissue injuries. Groin, hamstring, any soreness with the Achilles, any soreness with the Knee down, hams, quads, A cal a doctor And you can qua. You can't play like that. You got to make sure you all the way healed and then when you do come back, you can't come back. Not not to play in the game. You gotta start in practice. You gotta start in practice and see how much, how much energy you can exert. And if you feel anything tug, you feel anything pull, you feel that little, that little pinch, That little catch.


Hey that hey Uhuh. But it's such, it's such, it's such a great feeling though when you have a soft tissue injury like that And you, And you see how, how, how far you could push it And you don't, you don't feel nothing And you go a little extra, a little extra harder and all the, and, and for the groin area, you really can't put no compression there. You know the hamstring, you can tighten it up, you put the wrap around. Yeah. Right. To keep it tight. To keep it warm. The groin area, there ain't much you can put there, huh? No, there ain't much you can put there. So I'm, I'm, I'm kind of nervous for LeBron, especially at his age. 'cause as, as you get older, You know, you heal a lot slower now. Yeah, you do. Even, even as advance as technology is, you hear slower.


I hope you can get back as fast as possible. I I hope it's not, I'm sure they have different, different different grades Yeah. When it comes to growing, growing injury. So Yeah. I'm hoping it's not that bad of a, I'm hoping it's a, a grade one and not that serious. So hopefully it gets back soon. But I know one thing, but no, soft tissue injuries ain't nothing to play with. They not because they set you back even further if you come back too soon. Yep. I, I think yeah, that definitely what happened oto ocho if you come back too soon, the thing is is that trying to push it, because normally soft tissue is injury is a sudden movement. Yep. Now that, that thing, because you used to being able to go, oh, I got in the ball grab.


Yeah, I, I just take off. Whoa, why you moving so fast? What was that? Yeah. Slow your Ass down. Hey, hey, get your attention real quick. It it, it does having dealt with, You know, hamstring injuries and had a, an abuc, I had a groin, I had a groin injury and man, it wasn't that bad. Right. But what happened was, I didn't realize I had a groin injury, but it, it was coming on and You know, ocho we go away for training camp and You know, I'm on the diving board. Right. You know, You know I'm trying to hit me a one and a half, I'm hitting me a tight, You know what I'm saying? Don't choke. Right, right, right. I I feel like Greg Muca or something.


I'm like, oh, You know. Wow. Right. Man, I woke up the next morning, It was hurting. Was it When you ain't feeling while you was, while you was all couple going off the Board? Didn't feel nothing. I'm in the, I'm in the watering on ya. Right, right, right. Mm. That I mean, hey, it wasn't that bad. I missed about, I missed like two, three days of practice. Right. And I was good to go. But nah, don't, don't, don't, don't play with them groins, don't play with them groin don't play with any soft tissue. Right. Like you said, because what happens is the suddenness the sudden movement that will cause it to grab Yeah.


And then you go and your thing is like, before You know it, you done gone harder than you should have. And the one thing you don't wanna do, and I've seen people do it, tear that ham off the bone, tear that quad a a rip a groin. Yeah. And You know, I Don't no al problems. You Don't. I know the la I know the lake facility. I know they have it, You know the pool work with the treadmill. Yes. That'll get you going. So you don't, you, you're not Straining. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It take the bu see and it don't put the weight on. Yeah. Yes, yes. Yeah. You still get your conditioning. You don't put much weight on it just to see how much you can actually open up. Yes. But because the resistance of the water, it won't allow it to grab Yes and pinch like it should. If you were, if you were not freeway weight, what's, what's the word I'm looking for?


You, you were on your own. Yeah. And you using your own strength then You know that water, that water and that resistance tends To hold you back a little bit. The water give buoyancy. So basically there you go. So basically you are, you're, you're not even a third of what you normally would wait Exactly. Right. If you was doing it. So yeah, your full body weight weights had that in facility because my knees, my last year there, my knees, because I had so much fluid on the mojo, I couldn't practice. So my, my condition was getting in that pool, doing that 10, 15 minutes in the morning and doing it 10, 15 minutes. And that was my conditioning. Right. Because I had to take all the pressure off my knees knowing I'm gonna get 'em drained on Sunday before the game ice them things up, then I'm gonna warm 'em up so I can go.


And that's what it was. But you have to understand because look, I gotta get conditioned, I mean, to just go out there on Sundays. Oh no Man. That's, that's a, That's a tough task Everybody. It's conditioning is everything because when you get tired all of a sudden you get lazy with your eyes. You get lazy with your arms, you get lazy with your head. All that stuff, You know, you don't want get outta those breaks the ball's up on you before You know it. We know there, there ain't no, there's no worse feeling than being exhausted and knowing you still have a task to do playing a sport. Oh yeah. I ain't tell you what somebody told me. Chad. I'm telling you what I know. I've been there. What? And I look back on, oh, I said, man, had I not been tired the first, I'll never forget 1995, had I not been tired that first game of the season against Buffalo, I'd have gone for two 50.


I went for 180, but I was exhausted. Right. And I dropped, I dropped like three passes just because I was exhausted. Right. Just because I was exhausted man. I was like bro, but hopefully LeBron is, LeBron is a fast healer. He does a great job. Yeah. He has a great team of rounding. They say a million dollars when you got a guy on call 24 hours a day, you eating up sometimes. He got medical people. He got a, a chef that's full time. He has all this LeBron James is spending more than two thou $2 million a year on that body. On, On his body. Yeah. Because I know what I spent when I played and I ain't have nobody full time. He have nobody full time.


I mean, Mike Macias travels with the team. Mike Macia, Mike is, that's LeBron's only client. Do You know? Because Ocho I don't know if you ever had a, a massage the therapy or anything like that, or masseuse or massage therapist or whatever you call him. But when I would bring mine from Denver Right. And he would stay three or four days, I had to buy the whole book. Right. Because I'm calling him to missed appointments. Okay. Yeah. You take, you taking him away from all his work. Yeah. So I gotta pay, Hey, he might have six or seven appointments today. Right. And You know, 150, $200. I gotta buy that. Yeah. If I went in for a week or two weeks, I've gotta buy all those appointments on, On top of what you gotta get on, On top of what I gotta pay him.


Right. And you see that, You know, it's, it's so, it's something wrong with me. I always, I always players like Terrel Owen. Yeah. Terrel Owen was like you terrel Owen was like, when it came to LeBron really took care of their body. Yes. Hyperbaric chamber. Yeah. Cold tub ain't eating right. Doing, doing everything, everything necessary to make sure their body was on point. And then here go my crazy eating wrong, You know, eating McDonald's, You know, barely stretching in the, in the, in the, when it's time for practice, I'm sitting there talking trash in the stretch line, You know, barely stretching, get out there and just run. Never got hurt.


Oh. Ask me how many soldiers I got in a 12 year. In a 12 year NFL career. How many Man? Two I I aint, I ain't like nobody touching me man. I like, listen. I thought, I used to, I used to argue with tj and when Tara, when Terl came to to, to the, to the Bengals, I'm arguing with him like, man, you don't need to do all that, bro. You don't have to do it. All they doing is breaking up, breaking up the, breaking up the tissue. And they created scar tissue. And I really think it's, it's a mind thing. You know, I, I had my own thing because it worked for me and because I never got hurt and never got injured, I felt I didn't really need it. Right. And I don't know, I used to argue with some of my teammates back and forth about getting massages. Oh, I did it two times. One time it was, You know, I was a rookie. I said, You know what, I ain't doing nothing no more.


And the last time I had a, I had a little pinch of my hamstring, just a little pinch. And I had a, I had a lady, I had the lady massaged out a little bit. Put put the acupuncture. Yeah. And then what, what you call 'em? Like cupping, Kneeling, cupping. Yeah. Cup. Yeah. They did the cupping after kneeling. Ain't nobody ever touched me ever since then I just, I just, I just, I don't know. It's, it is weird. I felt it was the mind thing. You know, the game maad and all of a sudden mentally you think, oh, I feel better. Nah, not really. I don't think so. Now what I did do when I played the entire time that cold tub. Oh, I love that cold water boy. Yeah. I get in the cold tub from the neck down. I do my, I do my five minute contrast. Five minute hot, five minute cold.


And I finish with the hot hit the shower and I'm good. Co cold tub. That's what give them babies. Cold tub increases your sperm count. Is that what hap is that, what is that Molly? It duh. So that's what, See, she, What happened, what happened? The same thing happened when you putting raw meat on people. That that's, that's what happened. But it definitely, but it definitely increases. Right. The sper it definitely increases. Increase your sper gap. Well, well actually just, just to be honest and listen, we family and I like, I listen, I like to share this with the family. 'cause we found, and I, and like the kids that I do have, right? All of them just blessings. Just blessings and God, God, god, God is good. Especially when they come to them.


But these were agreements. You hear me? These, these were agreements. So there's a conversation that's had now listen, you athletic, I like your background. I've studied your film. You know, anybody I've dated, anybody I had kids from, I asked them, can I see some footage? You know, were you athletic? Did you play volleyball? Did you softball? Did you run track? Can you jump? You know. So when we go on our first dates, I'm not going on dates. So you can put on, put on clothes and look good. I'm trying to see how, how athletic you are. Right? Let's go. Who, let's go to Damon Busters. You know, let's go roller skating. Can you move? Do you do, do, do you have coordination? Can you dance?


Do you have two? If he have two left feet, I can't do nothing with you. Because now if, if I have a kid with you, nah, that name ma child gonna have two left feet left might, I don't want my, I don't want my child getting picked last and pe I want him picked picked. I want him pick picked first. You know, so that, that's how I operate. We good.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the leave. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


It's tax season. And by now I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength and numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms. Apply.


Ready To optimize your nutrition this year. Meet Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to well, Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple and I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I Didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Ooh. Okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Up. blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com now and save up to 45% Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply.


Alright, joining us right now is Good Friend show. Hey, what's up man? What's New Orleans? He joined us. He's back. There it is. Master PP What he do? I'm good brother. How you doing? Bad PI I'm great man. Hey, congratulations. President of basketball operation at the University of New Orleans. How did this position come about and explain your role to our chat, Pete. Yeah, so Coach Tim Floyd, he's one of the greats from the University of New Orleans. Put a lot of guys in the NBA and he done got older. He retired. I mean, a year or something ago I told him, I said, man, I'm thinking about coaching and in college.


And then I didn't hear nothing from him. Then a couple months ago said, man, I got a, I got a position for you Mm. To go take over the University of New Orleans. And, and man, the rest was history. It's nothing but God. Like I said, this a this is a town where I grew up at this school. The University of New Orleans has always been about poverty nation. And for a black man to get this, You know, I definitely gotta salute Dion Sanders for opening the doors, man. Showing us that we could do it. So, and, and, and I just loved, me and him got on the phone call. I was saying, coach, how you think I should go about this?


He like, man, take this first step. The rest is history. Right. And man, this Shannon, this is a blessing, my brother. I'm telling you, it is a blessing because especially me coming from hip hop this history to be able to, I'm running a whole, You know, basketball program, operations. Yeah. Everything. So it's like now they gotta listen to us. But You know, the, the, the program was in shambles too. So think about it. It ain't gonna give us a brand new court. Da da. Yeah. You gotta build it up. He, you ain't gonna start from, I can't let you start from the top of the mouth. I gotta make you climb. Welcome about. Yeah. So think about it in that and You know, it, it goes with my business model. I always find a problem and I, if I find a problem, then I know, I know what the solution is, then I could be a part of fixing it.


And so the game done changed. Look at Rick Patino. He done turned St. John's all the way around. Everywhere he goes, he turns it around. Yeah. And, and think about it, right? This NIL stuff is now like, my thing is catching the billionaires, the millionaires, the alumnis from the University of New Orleans and saying, look, I I, I caught 'em all yesterday. We got in the room, You know, we need y'all to, to make some deposits so we can go get the the best players. The best players, the best players. And that, I mean, the, the job is easy from there because a lot of guys want to play for me, You know, I've been doing this for a while. I coached DeMar Rosen, Lance Stevens, Brandon Jen.


So I come from a program, my p Miller ballers of creating dogs. And so I know what that look like. And I got dogs coming already. They, they, they want to be with this program. And so when the portal come, I told 'em no puppies allowed all dog dogs. We gotta win, man. Yeah. So thank about Shannon. My thing is we won four games last year. This is a division one university. Oh no. That, no, that's unacceptable. So You know what I'm going to do Like it. Yeah. The only up from that. And so I'm humble, I'm hungry. I'm letting God leave me on this journey. I mean, I, I just gotta keep climbing from there Man.


Listen, that, that's a, that's a beautiful thing, man. To, to honestly to get a position like that Yeah. In your hometown. Yes. Despite your background and being a rapper. Yeah. Because I know about your basketball game. Yeah. I know about your IQ when it come to that. So be able to, to be passionate about something else that wasn't your main focus. Yes. But it was something that you loved. Yeah. And now you get to actually live that dream. Like I got chills. Yes. Because I have things that I also wanna do where I've never been presented the opportunity to do it. Yeah. And now that's motivating to me. Yeah. Nah, it's because I'm like, man, if I'm like man, if p could do it. Yes. And that's what I want. I know. I want, I want all of us to feel like that.


Because think about it. We already stereotype. Yeah. You know, You know, in this position where I'm at, it is not like a lot of us in these positions. Yes sir. And so the school that I'm at, you are not gonna see a lot of us at these positions. And so now it's about me doing the right thing. Being able to do this under the NCA rules. Show them that the same way Deion Sand did. Like Yes sir. He did it. Yeah. And now we could do it in basketball and, and don bring. So when you come to our games, I done learned from the goat already. When you come to these games in New Orleans, we, the culture, it's going to be turned all the way up, Shannon. So, You know, I'm bringing y'all out, man.


It's, yeah. But you gonna see some of the best basketball that you could see. And basketball changed my life and saved my life. And I went from Master P to coach PI mean it's, it is a blessing. The COP Yes. Yes. You know, to be honest with you, this is a business. And that's right now basketball is a business. These kids are making money. And now I got the right NIL deals that I could match anything. I could go after the number one players now, You know? Yeah. We are gonna have a spotlight for these kids to where the NBA is gonna come to where we are. 'cause we gonna put these type of caliber players here and we have 'em, we, we, we are prepared to compete next year and to grow and get better.


Pete, lemme ask you. I have a quick Yeah, go ahead. Ocho. Listen, I have a question. Yeah. Now, when it comes to going to get players, will you ever be in a position or ever have to do the part where you go into homes and actually visit the parents and talk to them? Will, will you ever Do that? Yeah. I mean, to be honest with you, like a lot of these parents grew up with me, grew up on my music, and they know I'm gonna take care of their kids. Like that's the, that's the most important thing. And I'm gonna let them understand what hard work is. And I say I want dogs. You got to be able to be dedicated, put the work in. I know you gonna say, oh man, master p, that's my coach. No, it's Coach p we, we, we want good characters. We want guys that's going to come in here and work hard and, and we gonna take it from there.


Like, if, if you got that lead ability, then we gonna make sure that these NBA scouts come in and right now, I mean, I'm, I'm about to sit down with Steph Curry because we are under Armor school and that's the first thing I said, You know, for us two black men to come together, we're gonna take this thing and blow it out the water. Like we're gonna take this to the next level. Like you are gonna see even Steph Curry brand. It's like, You know, this an opportunity that we really can blow this up and we can help each other. See, lemme ask you this. Yes. How do you get people to see, other than what they see knowing, because a lot of times where you grew up, how you grew up, okay, he a rap man. He ain't nothing but a rapper. But you parlayed that says, oh, no, no, no, I can, I can sell a product, I can sell cereal, I could sell chips, I could sell soda.


Boom, boom, boom. They say, okay, well no, all you do is rap and all you are a CEO. How can you lead a basketball program? How can you get in the collective, the NIL How do you get, how did you paint? Get somebody to see other than what they saw? Well, You know what, this is not a traditional business anymore. So you're not gonna find the traditional coaches. I mean, the same way they had to believe back in Rick Patino. Like for me, I haven't been doing music for over 20 years, so they can't look at me from that perspective. They gotta look and say, I've been giving back to the community for over 25 years. You can look at my track record. I've been doing the right thing for a long time. You know what, nobody's perfect.


I'm not, I'm not perfect. But I, I know that I'm letting go of leading on this journey and I'm gonna lead my team. I'm passionate about what I do. I love what I, what what I do. Like this is not about money. This is what I love to do. And I'm able to do that. This is what makes me most happy. You know, being able to help young people in especi through education. Think about it. I've always been on a financial literacy journey. So I've always been teaching and helping the next generation, the ones that wanna listen, I done went from NFL players to NBA players to Major League baseball. I've been helping showing them like, You know what, we have to understand the importance of financial literacy and now to be able to help brothers in this sport to be successful because everybody's not going to the NBA.


Right? So now I'm, I'm gonna show these kids why they want to come and play for me. Because not only that this is a basketball game, but most of these kids are feeding their families right now in college. Mm. It's no more time waiting to get to the league. You know, I know what it is to be hungry. My, my grandparents sent me to, to college with $5. Like, go it on. I hope you make it baby. And guess what? I came back and, and made it and brought her a house, brought my grandmother a house. And so I know what these kids, You know, feel what they been through. Me and Brandon Jenis talked about this last night. I said, what made you so good? Brandon said, man, look, I know the conditions where I was at. Nobody wasn't gonna outwork me even though they was bigger than me.


You know, I was just with a dog on the court and then I got a chance to be around up and see mansions and see all these nice things. And, and then that even motivated me. But mostly, so imagine these kids around me gonna see that I come from the gutter, I come from nothing. And look where I'm at now and now didn't get a chance to touch me and, and, and play for the, the, the team that I'm coaching. But I'm gonna coach him hard. I'm gonna coach him tough because you, we are not gonna win if we don't create toughness. And that's what this about for me, man. And that's off and on the court. And so I'm not only, I'm, I'm not only a coach, it is, I'm gonna be a father to a lot of these kids the same way Deion Sanders happened to be a father to a bunch of these kids. 'cause I'm giving, I'm giving some kids opportunity, man that never had this type of opportunity before.


I'm being honest with you. Like, because the, the regular coaches would be afraid of these type of players. Think about it. Yeah. I had the Mar Rose, he was outta Compton, Brandon, Jen, think about all these kids from some tough neighborhoods, Lance Stevenson. But I knew how to talk to them. I I I how to, to to, because think about it. You can't talk to everybody the same way. No you cannot because that's what a lot of players are gonna, they they going, they gonna stop on you. They gonna go, they gonna buck up. They go buck if you talk to 'em a certain way. Yeah. And so, You know what my thing is, right? If I could talk to these players and coach them in love and it's gonna be tough sometimes I'm gonna have to talk to them tough. But guess what? They gonna know that I, I'm going be there for 'em through thick and thin.


And that's why they want to come be on this program with me. And plus we got a great city. We got a great atmosphere. This is a big city. And so, You know, my next thing is getting a lot of television time to where we get that time now at the University of New Orleans. It's going to be all about, You know, the privateers now private tier nation. So getting, getting all these, You know, major channels to to, to zoom in on us because I got some of the top entertainers in The world coming. We starting off man. Like we starting off the culture has been built. Right now. It is built. Yeah. Pete, one of the things that I, I tell kids, I said for me growing up, yeah. If I see it, I could be it.


Yeah. I can get it. Yes. Yeah. All I needed to do was, see I saw my brother going to college. Who the hell, he went to college. He lived with me. He lived just like I did. He was poor as I was I'm doing, he went to the NFL. So if you see it, you should want to, you can bid it. Yes. Or you can get it. Lemme ask you this when you go and so what's gonna be your sales pitch? Because there are a lot of people that's watching this and they like, okay, lemme see what p talking about. When you go into some, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho and I, we, the number one and two recruits in the nation and we from New Orleans. Let's just just say Ocho from New Orleans. I'm from, I'm from California. Yes. You gonna come sit down on my grandma's couch? You gonna go sit down OCHO couch? What's your pitch? How you gonna get me and Ocho to team up?


Hold on. And the one, number one and number two basketball players in the country. I ain't, I ain't just from, I ain't just from New Orleans, I'm from uptown now. So guess what, Ocho you from uptown. I know you a dog and if I'm coming to your house, I'm coming to let your parents know that, come on, I'm going to be a coach that's gonna guide your son all the way through his process. 'cause this is a journey. It's not going to be easy. I'm gonna be on him. I'm gonna be tough, but I'm also going to reward him. And I'm gonna put him in a great situation to where he could get the right NIL money, then he could be happy. And also I'm gonna make sure he get his education because I know one thing for me, education has changed my life and saved my life. So if I put you on that right journey, so even if you get hurt or you go through something now you can still take care of yourself as a man.


I'm creating men. I I want you to come here to play for me. But I also want you to love what you're doing And you gotta want to be here too. So if you don't see this the place for you, then it's not the place for you. But it is that I'm not trying to sell nobody because I've been through it all. And I know that I could be there for these kids and, and show 'em the right way and then they could learn from my mistakes. But also I could teach them business. I could show them how to create their own products and brands also. 'cause even the NIL money is nothing to what. Once you, once you make a name for yourself in this college system, you're gonna be worth way more than this. And then the end goal, And you want to get to the NBA then guess what? I got people that that now that's gonna bring NBA scouts to, to our arena to come see you.


And so, and this is a great city and if you're from here, You know that. But you also have to be able to police yourself because you grown. So I'm gonna also be be looking for your son to be able to police his self, be able to be accountable. And, and he gotta want this. 'cause if he don't want this, I can't do nothing else for him. But I could definitely show him everything that I've been through and, and I, I could put the right team around him to get to where he need to be at. And that, that's just gonna be my selfish pitch because it's, it's not a sales pitch, it's just reality. Because I'm a, I'm a, I'm a black man that done been through what these black kids and, and, and, and, and young men are going through. And I know they're not gonna be able to, to play games with me 'cause I done seen it all.


Yeah. And so when they get on this campus, You know, they, they gonna be held accountable like anybody else. But we gonna win. We gonna get better. We gonna grow together and that's what it's gonna be about. And, and we are not gonna play games with them. 'cause a lot of these other coaches are playing games with our kids. 'cause this a business. I'm going let 'em know. And guess what? If you get yourself to a position to where you need to go to the lead, I'm not, I'm not making kids say they need to stay here because I know I can get other kids if I need to. And, but, but if you come here and this is where you want to be And you want to be in college for right now, until you get an opportunity to go to the NBA, this is the spot for you because we gonna take care of our kids. And that's what I've been doing all my life. And you could check, you could check my, you could check my, my my, my record on that.


So DeMar Rosen, I had him since seventh grade. Lance Stevens, I had him since seventh grade. Brandon Jennings. I had him since seventh grade. I had all these kids all the way through college. So go, go, go, go check my resume. Yeah. That's loud. That's lie. I have my college coach, bill Davis rest his soul. You know what he told me? He say, son, it's after four years, you are not in a better position than you are right now. Yes. You don't need to come here. Yeah. Because if what we have to offer you here. Yeah. It is not better than what you have where you are right now. This ain't the place for you. Yeah. Coming. Think about this. Why go play for them when you could play for us somebody that really care about you.


Because once you can play in this system, you are a part of my family. Like think about it. All these other kids, You know, if you go ask them about me, they still know me today. Think about, look at my track kicker my track record right now. Right. I didn't stop Snoop career. I let 'em blossom and, and grow. Go look at everybody. I didn't created, I didn't create the guys that they thought. 'cause I tell people all the time, it's like finding a used car. And so that's why I say I want fine dogs. 'cause most of the dogs, nobody really want them because they probably think their attitude too bad. Or maybe they been through something. No, I know one thing that we are gonna help you get through this if you serious about being successful, and those are the type of people I want around me.


I don't care about what you've been through in life. Right? Right. Now, if you come in here to put that behind you And you gonna do the schoolwork And you gonna put the work in on the court to get better, you gonna put the work in in the summer to get stronger? We gonna make sure you got the right nutrition. We gonna make sure you got the right trainers around you, then it's gonna be on you. You got to have some accountability when you come in here. And if you really don't want it, this ain't the place for you. 'cause we are gonna push you. I got a good question. I got a good question. Especially when it comes to the young kids, especially today's era, the NIL era, where everything is really a business style. Yeah. The kids are focused on the money. They focus on, I want to build my brand. I wanna look a certain way. Yeah, I want a certain amount of money.


But how do you keep the kids focused? P especially them dogs, You know? Yeah. S the Thing about this, right? That influenced that, that influenced by hip hop, by some of the things that they see. How do you keep 'em focused on strictly basketball and trying to get to that next level? If you, if your dreams are to be in NBA, how do you keep 'em locked in when they getting the money early? Well, guess what? If you get the money early, then you need to invest that money into something. 'cause that money gonna come and go. So if you take that money invested in something, guess what? You need more money. So you gonna come here and work. You gonna have a solid focus. You gonna keep the mind, right? 'cause we gonna show you that. So think about right now, a lot of kids go in college, they don't even have they the NIL money in a business name and in my place I'm gonna show 'em that.


I don't want to control them. So if you got your money in a business name, then you could hold on to create your LLC, create your incorporation, right? And so now you have a business. So you could go to the bank and invest that money and put it away. 'cause my whole thing is put this money into escrow, put this money into something where you don't have to touch it right now unless you need it to, to help your family or whatever, right? My thing is, once we show them that, so by the time next year they going to double their money and we gonna show them how to do that. And I think nobody else care as much as me in doing that for my players because I do it anyway. Look at my master p master classes. I do that anyway. And so for me to be able to do that for my players, it's only gonna be 12 or 15 players on my team.


And to be able to be that close, to have a family bond with the people on my team that I want to see successful. Like I said, everybody's not gonna make it to the NBA, but if somebody come up with something and create a business or something while we in college, if you, if you look at it, the guy that created Tesla, Elon Musk, he created PayPal while he was in college. I want to be able to show the athletes on my team. We could do this while we in college if we stay focused. But you gotta come here. It's not about the money. You know, everybody want to make some money, but this, this little money right now, I'm gonna show my players. This is the little money, this the end go end game is where the real money come in at. Once you get to the league, this money here is nothing.


But to keep yourself going, keep your family going. 'cause we know a lot, most of these players are gonna come from hard times. I got players from New York, hit me up from Chicago, from Philly, from Maryland. I got players hitting me up because guess what? They want their spotlight. They want that spotlight. Knowing that this year, if you play for Master Peak, if you play for Percy Miller, coach Peak, that that spotlight is going to be on. You gonna be coming you a real dog. And you could play, I I wouldn't even care about the NIL money right now. If I'm, if I'm a real NBA player And you come here with me, you're gonna make it because all lies are going to be on us. Right? And you, you meant yourself that like, the people that reached out from you, they come from hard times. Yes. You know what? Create tough men.


Hard times. Yes. Hard times Create tough men. Yes. Tough men create easy times. Yes. Easy men e create easy men. Yes. Easy men create hard times. Yes. You see that cycle high goes p Yeah. You see what you did is that p came from an impoverished situation. Yes. A very hard time. It created a very tough minded and sound hard individual. Then p created easy times. Now in that easy time in which you created, what are those under you in that time? What are they gonna do? Yeah. You said something very interesting that set up for LLC set up a corp, set up a trust. Because what you can do when you have money, you can borrow money against what you have in that account.


Yes. You don't have to spend money. Yeah. See that's where they get ahead at. They don't spend they money. Yes. They spend other people's money. Other people's money while their money grow. Yes. And we, what somebody told me building credit at the same time. Yeah. Shannon, we're building credit. We, we we also understanding that, okay, if you got somebody look like us that care about you and want to see you win, why not gonna play for us? Because guess what the main thing is, if you really could play the NBA will find you no matter what, don't matter where he at. Think about don't matter where at. So look at Scotty Pippin right back in. Scotty Pi was on the team you that nobody knew where he was at, but guess what? He made it to the Lee. Steph Curry was in in Davison.


Dennis Rodman. Yep. Dennis Rodman. Look, look at right now. Damon Little like all those people that, that you see right now, even John Rent, like all you just need to be on a division one basketball team. And they're gonna find you if you good p Yeah. Look, they went way to Serbia and got Luca. I mean, they got Luca from Slovenia. Yes. They got Janni from Greece. Yeah. They got women from France, they got Yogi from Serbia. If you good at anything and they make, you can make money off it. Yeah. They gonna find you every time. I'm gonna tell y'all, we got a great arena. We got a great atmosphere and we gonna put the best product on the floor and we gonna put the best characters because we, we want to build carrots at the same time.


We want people to come here to, You know, we, we want to have those testimonies where, where, where now a kid could say, man, I went out there with Coach P and my whole life changed because he stayed on me. He held me accountable. And now, You know, I'm one of the top players in the NBA right now. Like I, I want to create those testimonies. And so I want any kid out there that's watching this right now. If you, if you are a real basketball player And you are a real dog And you want an opportunity to get to the NBA, you also want an opportunity to graduate from a great university and also have a great staff of people around you. Because You know, that's what it takes too.


You want to have a good team, a good team around you, people that really care about you. And that's what this is about. Once you are part of this family, you are part of our family for life. So everybody that been around me, we still family for forever. It, it is not like, oh, you coming. 'cause think about it. Y'all know y'all done played professional sports. A lot of these people forget about us. But now you have some people, You know, that, that, that, that you really know that this is your family. You could call 'em anytime. 'cause You know, man, look, I've been around that person. This is bigger than basketball. It's bigger than football. Like, and that's what this is for me. This is bigger than that. Like, like we, we gonna make history together and that's what this going be about. And we're gonna show The world that, that we could do something positive, we could grow because you think they want us to be successful in this, y'all.


They don't want us to be successful in this. 'cause think about it. Now they gonna realize that, wow, not only they come from entertainment, because even sports now entertainment and sports entertainment together, think about it. It goes hand, hand together. And we business people and we know how to create something from, from nothing. Like I told y'all, I always find me a used car, put some wheels and some paint on it and fix it up, up. And that's what I'm doing right now. I'm fixing up and taking it to the next level. You talking about entertainment, what are they doing? The biggest, the biggest event in North America is what? The Super Bowl. What do they have at halftime? Pete, you go to the RB All star game. What do they have Pete? They have entertainment. So it goes hand in hand. Let ask you this, Pete, I'm gonna get you outta here on this one.


When the song said and done, what do you want people to say about p Well, You know what my whole thing is? I don't want us to wait till it's too late, till it's done. And like, I'm not looking at junior bridgeman life. Right. Me and him was gonna do a lot of things together. Now I did a lot of work in Louisville, so, but we gotta stop saying I'm gonna get together tomorrow. I'm gonna do it later. You know, we gotta do it now. And so stop procrastinating. Yeah. So, so my thing is the most talent and the most wealth is in the graveyard. Think about it. And once we gone, somebody else gonna do what they gotta do without wealth. I want people to know that Pete did what he need to do for his people now.


Like we're not waiting. And that's why this is so important. What I'm doing now, this is bigger than student athletes in a basketball game, y'all. This is about changing lives and saving lives at the same time. Because a lot of these kids that come from here, they never would get these type of chances or some of these kids getting second chances. You know, like basketball, college basketball is getting old now. When you go in that transport porter, a lot of these kids been in college a long time. So now for some of these players, if they really good, this is gonna be the last step of feeding their families, getting on a winning organization to be able to get the real NIL money that, that they can get. My thing is I want people to remember me for creating future leaders, putting out people in a position to win.


And, and that's what this about with me. Yeah. Be congratulations on the opportunity, man. I know you're gonna do great things because everything you seemingly have touched, that's turned a goal. Yeah. You pull your heart, you pull your heart And you pull your soul into it. But I understand this is what I know about you. You love what you do and it resonates. And the kids, because once somebody find out that you care about 'em Yeah. There isn't much they won't do for you. For you. Yeah. Once a kid know, is there anything, once a person know that you care. Once I knew that teacher cared about me, my coach cared about me, I would move heaven and earth. Oh yeah. Because I never wanted to let that person down. Yeah. Congratulations on this opportunity. I know you'll make the bus the best of this opportunity Before you leave p you in New Orleans right now.


Yes, man. I'm gonna be there for super Sunday, man. I'm finna be second line in all. Meet me at the par man. Come on man. I'm gonna be a super now I'm gonna be there. I ain't, I ain't playing. All right. I'm going from New York. I'm going to New York To, to New Orleans. Yeah. I'm from, I'm from, I'm from March all the way. I'm a second. You going, you gonna see me all right? I'm, Hey I'ma have, I'ma have on him lying. Now. Let's Go man. I gotta get you some of this powery gift, man. You know what I'm saying? Talk, talk, talk to me now. Gotta I'll be there. Alright. PIP I'm gonna hit you up. I need to run something by you anyway, but I'll hit you up tomorrow. Okay. Alright, I bet. Appreciate you. Alright, master P


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Meat factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factor's, Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Ready to prioritize yourself in the new year. Your skin is a great place to start. Dime Beauty, founded by a master aesthetician is more than just a skincare company with four skin conscious categories, skincare, beauty, body care, and fragrance Dime offers simple spa worthy products that will help you enter 2025 with confidence. Whether you're revitalizing your regimen with nourishing products or building one from scratch, dime makes it easy. The work system are all in one best routine, includes a cleanser of your choice, toner, serums, and moisturizers, taking the guesswork outta skincare for your healthiest, happiest skin. Yet dime's commitment to clean ingredients and sustainable packaging ensures every product is as gentle on your skin as it is on the planet. With thousands of glowing five star reviews in a loyal community, the results speak for themselves. Revive your skin and give yourself the routine refresh you deserve by visiting dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com. Your best skin awaits.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion,


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com and use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's Elisa just for you.


New general manager of New Orleans University, the privateers. That's dope. That's dope, man. You a great dude. One of the first guys that I had on club Shahi ocho, I didn't, I didn't really know who I was going to get and CJ said, Hey, yeah, you got anybody? Your hey whoever. You got your phone? That's famous caller. Oh, I wasn here. Oh damn. Rick Rose, master P Ice. Hey bro, I need a solid man. I just started a podcast. Hey bro, we got you. Just let me know when. Oh yeah. Boom, boom, boom. That's how I started and I appreciate it. Having met p only a handful of times, I never met Rick Ross.


Hey, I DM mess. Hey man, lemme get your number. Hey, hey, I have my phone in my hand. Just hope, I hope we see this. Oh, he came in, tried to tell me, Hey bro, man, check this out man. I just started a podcast, man. I wonder if I could get you on. I mean, hey, because he had gone to an HBCU for a minute too, right? I think he went to Albany State for a minute. Yeah, Albany State and the SIEC. Just like we were. Boom, it worked. So it's great that when he said to hear him say how okay, do things and, and, and how we support one another and b gr be there for one another. Hey, they know. So that's why, Hey, when he reaches out him Snoop Cube, I'm there.


I'm there. 'cause they, they, they were there for me when I didn't have, hey, just starting this thing up. It gave us credibility because we had not a whole lot of podcasts when they start out was able to trot out the lineup that I tro it out. I knew the first guest was gonna be my brother, but after that I was like, man, who, who the hell I'm gonna get? And hey, from Master P to Floyd Mayweather, like I said, the Ross, wait, Well you, you've been on, you've been on fire Boy bad. You been On, you been on fire. Hey, that, that Andrew Schultz is real Good. Hey man, dude. And just sit down and talk because there's some questions I want to ask where I say, bro, You know, people in our community's like, bro, you trying to make fun of somebody.


And I go, what's really going on? I understand you're a comedian, but sometimes comedians can go too far and You know, I don't wanna censor anybody, but I'm just trying to get a thought process of what you trying to go with this, what you really trying to say. But he's right. It used to be a time where comedians, there was nothing off limits. No. If you had a disability. Yeah. They talked about that. Yeah. If you, whatever the case was, you talked about it. And over time, You know, like, well, You know, and people, but I think now Ocho we're kind of starting to go because I think the pendulum, people thought the pendulum had swung too far Yeah. To the left. And people have become overly sensitive. This is the thing. We get it some can we get it somewhere back to the middle, middle Half the median.


This is the thing. The funny thing when you talk about comedians, right? And understanding the era that we're in, we're in the era of where ev everybody, like you just said, everybody's oversensitive. But there are a few comedians who give no. You know what, no. Andrew SHOs is one of them. Yep. Shane. They let, They gonna let it, they gonna listen. They gonna let it fly Like me in the goddamn eighties, Dave Chappelle is another one. Oh yeah. He gonna talk about any and everybody. Yeah. He don't care. You ever heard you ever you ever listen to Bill Burr? I love Bill Burr. I love it man. Listen, don't, don't care. There there's a few of 'em. Despite the time that we're in now, they're going to talk about their material regards to who it offends Bernie Mac And get Oh, Bernie help you.


Hey, Funny I'm talking about funny. And it, It, listen, it's comedy. It it is comedy. Some people have to learn to take a joke at times and it just, listen, it's, it's, it's, it's very difficult to be a comic. I'm glad I'm not a comic because there's only so much you can say. And anytime you say anything And you make a joke, you're gonna offend somebody. Yeah. Every single time. But, but comedy, but the thing was comedy is that they took real events and made 'em funny. Yeah. Now some people take their own real events, make those funny and Life stories. Yeah. Yes. But other times they take about what they see and they make it funny. Yeah. But You know, sometimes people, You know, we, I remember ocho I grew up in, in the eighties, early, late seventies, I mean the seventies and sixties and early eighties, those roast, oh those roast.


Man, Boy, listen. But Tom Brady Roast was the closest thing that I had seen to those Dean Martin original roasts from the oh Boy. The dean. You saw the Dean Martin roast too? Yes. With with with Don Rickles and all Rickles and all. They cut, they cut. They were cutting People up. Can you, I have a question. Yeah. Can you imagine Don Wriggles doing the presidential, what do you call it? The, not The correspondence dinner. It's correspondence dinner. Do you remember the stuff he was saying? Hey, the watermelon jokes with Sammy David Jr. And oh, there's no way picket. Yes. Anything from the dean. Martin Rose will last a day. They'd be outside picketing.


They'd be shutting down the hotel and though, but it's so funny. They Would cut. They, it's So, it was so Funny. Yes. But if you go back and look ocho you look at the sitcoms, they said the N word. Oh yeah. With the hard, with the er, with with the er end. It wasn't no, Hey, go back and look at all in the family. Go back and look at George Jefferson. Go back, look at the the Jefferson. Hey, did you see, did, hey, did you see the All in the family with, with Not Richie? What, what was the, what was the pop, what was pop's name? What was the dad name? Archie. Archie Bunker. Archie. Yeah. When they had Sammy David Jr. On there. Yes. Absolutely. Oh, hey on. Yes. That episode was so funny, but cringe at the same time.


I'm like, wait, they actually hearing this Ocho, but see, that was back, that was now, back then. I ain't even think nothing about it because that why people talk. Right, right, right, Right, right. It didn't even dawn on me, but I'm like, Hey, that white dude, that white man just said N word with the R on it. Oh, okay. Yeah. You kept it moving. Now we go back like, oh Joe, I go back and I listen and they, sometimes I see these clips on, on, on social media and I'm like, Ooh. That they said, they said, I, I'll tell, I send my sister, I have Jordan to clip it and put it in a text form and I send it to my sister. My sister sent us, send me a emoji back like this year. Because you can't believe some of the things they were saying They did.


Yeah. On Television. Not yo, if you go to a comedy show, you pay for that. Oh Joe, I cut my TV on. Damn. This what I gotta listen to. Oh yeah. It's funny. Hey Chad. But then Chad, Hey Chad, if y'all, I I'm, I don't know what type of cable provider or service you have. If you can just, And you might laugh, you might not. The show is called All In The Family. You have to find the episode with Sammy Davis Jr. I laugh, it was funny. I'm not sure what you'll do, but if you get a chance, just, just watch us tonight. A after, after, after we get off, man. I mean, and, and let me know if and let me know. Tweet me tomorrow. Let me know what you think about it. It's just you back Richard P. Richard could have never been, Hey, they Was wild.


No jokes that they was telling. The jokes that Richard Pry told. Oh Please. When Dean Martin, when Dean Martin them did the, the Sammy Davis roast and when they got, they got Wil Chamberlain together too. Yeah, They were cut man. They were, they Oh man, they were cutting people up back then. Oh yeah. But You know what? Don't I think the thing is not like we're more ex we're more exposed people. Right. You know, and people like, if I feel, look, if I feel a certain type of way about something, I'm not gonna try to solicit you to feel some type of way about the same thing. Right. Because what you notice, Ocho like this, I did the Amber Rose interview. Right. Everybody Right. I gotta unfollow unc. Okay. Just unfollow. See when you say I've got to unfollow UNC and put it in the comments, you are hoping somebody will join along with you.


Right. All I, hey, if I'm gonna do something I anti tell nobody I'm doing, I just did it. Right. I ain't gonna tell y I'm logging off social media for a while. I ain't telling you I'm doing this for a while. I just do it. And by the way, all y'all talking about ain't nobody watched the road interview 5 million views on YouTube. Yeah. So somebody watched it. You know, You know what's funny? And listen, you gotta hit you, you don't wanna fire back no more. I'm done with it. You say you not, when people talk me, when people say they gonna un unfollow me on Twitter. Yeah. I'm talking about Twitter on X I'm be like, listen, this is not the airport. There's no need to, to announce your departure. Just go on here. This ain't the airport. If you unfollow, unfollow, I'm gonna be fine with you or without you.


This ain't the airport. Oh. I'm finna unfollow you. Okay. Yes. I promise you your life, my life. I'm gonna be alright either way. Yeah. Who, lemme ask you a question O Joe. If you unfollow me, who Life changes. I dunno. I, I be good. It, it definitely ain't mine For me. There's just, I just come to the realization and You know. Wow. It's just too, I got too much involved. I got too much going on now I've got too much at stake. I've got you to think about. 'cause I can't just think about me now. Right Now I gotta think about what you doing. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta, it's okay. I got, I gotta, I got it's age. I got Jordan, I got cj, I got 17 employees.


Yeah. I got a family. Everything I do now for me, OSHA go kick his feet from Sha be good. Yeah. Sha be damn good. But I got so many other people that's counting on me. I said I'm done with it because I know somebody, they some, a lot of these people, they trying to trick me outta this position. Okay. They're trying to trick you more hojo. Alright. Alright. They try to trick you more outta this because they know if You know ocho, everybody that's come on my pod saying the last two months, the first thing they say, oh, you doing good? Oh, don't think we don't know we pocket watching. Right, right, right, right, right, right. And they they don't mean it in a disrespectful way. Right. I know what you mean. But, but they know we are doing good ocho. Right. We built something special.


Lum Shahe was the foundational piece. CJ and I now with Nightcap, with Ash doing what she does and her team, your, you, me, what we've been able to do. Yeah. Jordan capturing the content. Go look, everybody, I can't mess this up for them. My okay. But listen, we my go ahead. We not going, we not gonna mess it up. Now. Now listen, you don't have to say nothing, but I told you now, I still gotta be enforce just a little bit. I ain't, I ain't gonna go too far with it. I ain't gonna go too far with it. Just, yeah. And sometime, sometime, You know, Jesus had 12 disciples. Yes. You feel me? Right. And sometime when the disciples got in line, Jesus had to get him in line again. Yeah. So just, just stay with me a little bit. You know, we, we ain't gonna probably have no problems, You know, for a while, but if anything happened to Papa, we can't just let 'em talk this any kind of way.


That's okay. Ocho Okay. No, it ain't okay. It's okay. Ain't okay. We gonna ojo, we gonna be okay Ocho because guess what? I know. I Know. We gonna be, I know we gonna be okay. I'm just, I'm just saying we just can't, You know, I Look everybody 'cause everybody's trying to get a reaction. Ocho everybody wanna say, because guess what? If I tweet, if I somebody say something and I say, man, why you say this bro? You don't know me like that. I say, I've never disrespected you and I put it in a dm. Right. Or if some female say woman says something and I put it in a dm, what are they gonna do Ocho look what unc me in the dm. Right. So they won't do so they won't see. And that's the thing, that's what I learned. Right. See the problem that I have with people is that they say whatever they wanna say to me, but they look at and because of who I am when I fire back and like they ass up.


Now they the victim. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they, they, they. So you mean to tell me, so show me where I responded to something you said, now pull up the times you responded to something that I said, well this was the first time that I've met your ass up. Right. So that's what they do. So I, I learned that. So I say I'm done with it. Y'all can say whatever y'all wanna say. I'm going to get, do what I need to do. 'cause I got people that's counting on me. Right. Mainly my, my fam. I I, I got a responsibility on my grandmother's deathbed. I said, I got this. You go rest. You and papa have done your job here now. Yeah. Everything that you guys instilled in me, I got it. Spanky, Libby, mama, the kids, I got this Ocho as Jordan, cj, the team, I got this.


That is my responsibility now. I got you. I got you. I got you. But What's my responsibility? If you, you wanna fire somebody up, go ahead. But I got I Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Not, not, not too much, not too much. I love everybody The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction. And it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond. Hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the oh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company,


Tired of Restless Nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.