
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down, dude wipes come a variety of senses and sensation like mint chill and sheshe butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with TP wetter, just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and make the trade of the season with Switch to Dude wipes. The MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean pants down.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, Yes, that's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool


This season. Let your shoes do the Talking Designer Shoe warehouse is packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole five without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat DSW has you covered. Find a shoe forever you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more Head DSW store. Or visit dsw.com today.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball this season. It's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win it. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bent $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided. Buy one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and suites details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults. 45 to 49 is estimated based on a large clinical study of patients. 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


James Cook is in in the final year of his cotton rookie contract and wants a lucrative extension with the two sides far apart. Bills have taken a step back from negotiation, leaving cook nothing to do, but post cryptic emojis on social media. Now Cook appears to have escalated things by putting his Orchard Park home on the market this week. The three bedroom, two full bath, two and a half bath home, which is located five minutes from Highmark Stadium is listed at 710,000. Oh man. You think you think that's a sign that maybe he's, maybe, maybe he's moving to a new place, maybe he's downsizing you. You, you never know. I've got my, my first year I've got an apartment anyway Instead of getting the house.


Yep. I don't know, I think they ever get it done. He's he's too much a he's too much of a, an important part of that, that offense. Yeah. Especially from a production standpoint. Important. I mean, look, seven 10 is not a lot of money. I mean, he was a second round. I think that James Cook was a second round pick ocho. So that's not a lot. That's, lemme say that's not a lot of money for an NFL player O Joe. That's a lot of money for the, the, the, the average American. Right. You know, that's tried to put a, put food on the table, the roof over the head, 710,000, a lot of money. So I said, lemme take that back. That's not a lot of money for an NFL player. Right. That's a, that's a reasonably priced home.


And it's very close because you wanna live as close as you can. I mean, look, I ain't tried to have to drive 30, 40 minutes to get to work. To work. Yeah. Especially a place like that Ocho it's cold, it's snow out man. I'm trying to get that fast as possible. Yep. I don't wanna be shoveling all day, Man. I don't pay somebody to do that. Yeah. I need, And I ain't gonna pay nobody 'cause I'm going out the garage so I don't give a damn to smoke this house on the sidewalk. It ain't got nothing to do with me. I ain't going out the front door anyway. Anybody coming to see me ain't come around to the back. Yeah, but look, I I, I think that's the thing. Like I put my house on the market. So somebody bought a house. What'd that mean?


He, he relocating. Nah, Exactly. Exactly. Ocho things have gotten spicy between Chad's, Ochocinco Johnson Bengals and, and Hendrick. Trey Hendrickson. Oh, first executive VP Katie Blackburn said this on yesterday. It is on him to be happy at some point. And that's, that's, he thinks he should be happy at a certain point rates that maybe he doesn't think he'd be happy at. Hendrickson told Bat McAfee today, he thought it was April Fool's joke. Hendrickson's called the communist confusion because he'd been talking to the team about a long-term deal for the last few years and it was communicated to him that this something would get done this off season.


There's a little disappointing because communication has been poor over the last couple of months. That's something I hold high regard. They, they have not communicated with my agent directly. It's been something that's been, You know, a little bit frustrating. And you said he does not have any desires to be the highest paid or the first in line at he, he's been patient. It's possible, but made it clear that he's looking for an incentive for incentives that will be out my control or a short term, a short term deal given his stated desire for a long-term contract that includes guaranteed money 35 Sacks the last two years.


Ocho Yeah. Yeah. Are you the first team all pro? He led the league in Sacks last year with 17 and a Half and, and this year. That, that's tough. That's, that's tough, huh? I think the Bengal's in a tough spot. Trey Hendrickson is in a tough spot. Bengal fans in a tough spot. The organization is in a tough spot. You know how you pay, You know, your quarterback 55, you pay your wide receiver one a four, you pay your wide receiver one B 35, 30, whatever it may be. And Now you have Trey Henderson who deserves to be paid within the top three, top five at his position. How do you pay him as well? I, I I, I don't know. I I I don't Rob Peter to pay Paul.


I Well, we're, we're, we're, what Am I, Peter? Well, first of all, Peter and Paul already robbed you. Yeah. And then, You know, you listen to the comments that he says about, You know, not wanting to be the highest paid. Well the comments that Katie made as well. Katie says, well, you need to be happy. Was that my doorbell? Right? Am I too loud? Oh, oh, well, yeah, maybe Katie's saying that maybe you need to be happy with the rate that we're offering, You know, on the deal that, that that has been set or given to you. But again, you understand that when, when it comes the business side of things, which is why agent is needed, they always low ball you.


You know, and that's when negotiations have to happen. So listen, I hope both sides get something done. If Trey Hendrickson isn't able to play with the Bengals, he's had one hell of a career here. He's been a tremendous player. Not just on the field, but in the community as well. So I really want him to get what he deserves, even if it's not, not with us. I think so too. Oh, Joe, You know, the, the problem that I have is that the contract is only binding when you want to re when you want to renegotiate or break it when they want, when they cut you because you have a perform, ain't no contract, Ain't no issues.


And the fans don't come to your defense either. No, the fan don't come to, but we know that. But let you ask for more money, let you hold out, let you have gripes and situations about what you think you deserve based on your value and the work you've put in. Oh boy. You all type of selfish and it and disgruntled that. But that's, you're right. That's always, that's always been the nature of the business for some reason. I'm not sure how it happened or, or, or, or what fans have always thought because their heart and their loyalty is to the team. And I'm not sure how owners have fooled the fans into believing that the players are the bad ones. They do. I'm not sure how they've done it, but they, they, they pulled the ball over 'cause they frame it like we're doing everything we possibly can.


You know, the, with the salary cap is what it is. And what we try to do, we pay everybody a quarterly. I know y'all got a check for 400 million. What's the salary cap on Joe? Now I'm saying when you, when you do ESPN and Right. And Amazon and what Netflix gave you and what CBS gave you. Okay. I know what those corporate sponsors are paying you now that's just from the national side. Right. You got your own TV deal locally. Yeah. You got your own radio deal locally. You'll have your own local advertising deals locally. You have concession, you have merchandise merch. Yeah.


Don't, don't, don't get me started. There's so many different, so many different avenues of revenue that teams bring in is, and it's something that people don't even know about. Yeah. They like when you get in terms o ocho, they say buckets. Mm. That's what they, they use the term buckets. There's so many buckets. Yeah. There's the, there's the, the network bucket, which is CB, s and a bbc, CBS and ESP and Fox. Amazon NBC, that's a bucket. And then you get Nike deal. That's a bucket. Yeah. You got bows, heads, bows, headset. That's a bucket. Hold on. What, what about the stadium name? What about the, the, the stadium name rights?


Don't they have to face? Yes, yes, yes, yes. What did at t Ford Field High mark. Yeah, Mercedes. Mercedes. Mercedes Mercedes Benz. Yes. Yes. So that's the only thing I don't like about it. I, I, I look, I ain't got no problem. And my thing is, okay, I'll sign a contract and I'll honor it long as you honor it too. Yeah. As long as we both honor it. Oh, Joe, the, the NB is looking into Ja Ja morant using the finger gun motion towards the Warrior's bench last night, according to Shams video has emerged of Buddy Hill during the finger gun at Ja.


First, what do you make of this situation? Does he doing it first? Excuse Ja. Despite all the history of Ja with guns. Ah, that's a tough one. Huh? That's a tough one. I I, I probably, I probably know your take on it and understanding that based on your history and what you've done in the past or what the situations that have occurred in the past, it's something that you shouldn't do. I think in the heat of the moment, You know, with Buddy Hill doing it first and him just, You know, emulating what Buddy did to him. I understand probably how it's seen. Oh, you should know better based on what you've done in the past. But I think it's, in this situation, it's harmless. If you've already learned your lesson and just answering back to Buddy Hill in the same manner in which he directed it, directed it at you.


I mean, you, you might see it different than I do. I'm just Thinking just give, giving Jaw's history. Yeah. You think he would be smarter than that? Yeah, I knew that's what yeah. Knew I lost some games. I'm Like, You know what buddy? First of all, that's Buddy Hill. Come on now. But I'm gonna let you have that. You gonna let him have it. That's You come buddy. For real? Yeah. Yeah. I I got you. I got You. I mean, come on your name buddy. Come on buddy. You know what I'm saying? I that's how I'm looking at it on you for real though. Right, Right, right, right, right, Right. Steph, if Steph do it all, I gotta get you back step because you Steph Curry. I let you do, I ain't Finn let you come do to my house and let you do all that. I got to have that. I understand you Have Gimme that back. The grizzlies are oh and three in the post Taylor Jenkins era.


I was surprised they were in the fifth spot. Jaw missed some time this year. Jaw missed a lot of times the last couple of years. Remember he, I think he heard his shoulder last year. He missed Dabb the whole season, the year before that he had the incident with the guns. The situation got suspended and he hasn't been on the court. But when he's playing, he's, he's sensational Lights out. I mean, I think he had what, 36, 38 last night against a golden State. Now Steph went Hayward. Yeah. And had 52 on him. Excuse me. 12 or 20 from the three point line. But y'all just gotta be smarter. I I get it. He's young Ocho but bro Yeah, they done took some money for you.


I ain't trying to give y'all no more money. I'm so y'all ain't finna get no more of my money. None of it. Nothing. Yeah. Y'all not, y'all not finna get any more of my money. I don't give you, I I've given you too much as it is. Yeah. And so I, I I just think the thing is like, look, I mean you here talking, at one point in time they thought he could be the face of the league and Now you, they talking about can they win, can they win with Jah? Is he better as a second option or they gonna move Jah second. Second come of the Christ. Man, stop playing. Now that let's not, let's not be, let's not be fool. They get carried away with it. No, Joe, they, They get a little carried away man. They just, I don't understand the game of basketball like that to the extent of view.


And George sad and Doris bur, but no goddamn well he ain't no second option to nothing unless you talk about Christ. Wow. Jordan and B will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left knee next week. Mb rule out that for the season in late February as the sixth have met with doctors to determine the best treatment to alleviate the knee issues was surgery. Ocho here's a wild stat. The games played since the start of the 20 14 15 season, the year Jordan beat, end of the draft Carmelo's Anthony, 12th year, Carmelo Anthony has played.


What more games is this why I'm reading this correctly? Ash more games than Joellen Bead and Melo has been retired for three years and he still played more games than Joellen Bead. Is that correct? Four 70 to 4 52. Geez. Shams is reporting that Carmelo got the call that he's going to the pro to the basketball Hall of Fame. That's dope. I thought, I thought I, I thought basketball was five years, but I guess they reduced it to three years. Or you're a great player. Like who's that? Wayne Gretzky. He retired. They put him in the hall of Fame. Like what the hell are we waiting for? Like certain guys on show, like, why you wait, Tom Brady. Brady, you make Tom Brady. Wait, why you make Peyton Manny? Wait, why you make like an I?


Yeah. Come on now. What you waiting for? There's no point. Yeah, there's no point. We talk about And we talk about players that are Mount Rushmore at that position. Yeah. Well actually respective craft in general. Yeah. I mean, some things you just like, like I mean, why would you make LeBron, wait a minute, LeBron, you retiring? Okay, we got a ceremony next week. Make sure you, I mean, well for real, Don, check on me what we doing? And I don't think, I don't think LeBron is one of those guys that he's gonna come back, come back and You know, oh, I wanna play like Jordan did You know magic? Because it'd have been really cool, had magic because Magic came back and played and when Bird was gonna go in magic, like, I wanna go in and David Stern wouldn't let that happen.


But that have been really cool. 'cause I, I really think tho those two guys should have gone to, if any two guys like Russell and Chamberlain. Yeah. Magic and Magic and Bird. Some of those guys should let like just go in together. They should go in together. They really should.


Yo, what's good? This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out the open Florida finding Cooper flag and all their talented players and Florida B and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with a in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Wow. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over And I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


Discover the life-changing benefits of Meow Greens for your cat. Ever see your cat slowing down or having health issues and wonder what can I do to make them better? Well, my friend, add Meow Greens to your cat's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings, I'm naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black Invent of Meow Greens And I invite you to take the Meow Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coats and increased energy. By day 60, your cat will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days, they're gonna have better digestion, reduce inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch a free jumpstart trial bag for your cat today. Go to try meow greens.com. Use promo code. Try meow. That's try MEOW You discover the shipping. You don't have to change your cat's food to improve your cat's health. Just add a packet of Meow Greens.


My name is George Setti. I'm the co-founder of Neutrophil. My hair started thinning in my early twenties. I tried everything and nothing was really worth. So we created neutrophil our hair growth supplements, undergo clinical trials and have helped millions of men and women get visibly thicker and stronger hair in just three to six months. Hair growth starts from the inside@nutrafall.com. That's N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com.


Tyler Hasbro says Lou will used to bring his two girlfriends to every game. Hey knew and they sat next to each other every time. Yeah. Oh, Joe. Hey. I like that. Speaking. Speaking of Lou, I just seen Lou in Spain yesterday. I was in, matter of fact I'm still here. I'm in San Diego right now, but I was in la I went, I went somewhere to see a friend of mine. I got a chance to see kg. I saw Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce and then upstairs, upstairs was Lou Williams and Spank doing they Paul. It was, it was real dope. Spank you with Charlie Parker? Yeah. Spam to my spank comedian. Spank be with Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I I saw all them yesterday.


Yeah, but go ahead. Go ahead. By Lou, Both his girlfriends sat next to each other. Yes, sir. During the game. Oh yeah. Hey, that, that's live. That's live. I like it. You Doing that, you send, you send two together. Who? Oh. Oh. I mean, I mean I would, I I would, You know, I, I would And if, if I was, if I was in my day, You know, and if I was still playing like that, You know, I would and it, all it is, is conversation and being honest and telling the truth. Because when you, when you bringing in that, that kind of money as a NBA player, You know, you, you will have those that will play like that and have a great understanding now, being that I'm over the hill now, You know, and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm working and I'm, I'm in instruction environment, You know, I can't, I can't move like that no more.


But as I see fit during that time, would I be able to do it? Absolutely. Would I have two women that would be willing to do it? Absolutely. You know, and then you, you add, you add you factor in the NBA revenue and salary that you're bringing in. How many women would decline that? Not very many. And he think he ain't just have just no anybody sitting next to each other. Huh? This ain't just no scraggs now. But We talk about, we talk about a Yeah. How we talking about tens? Yeah. What you mean? Yeah. That's, that's, would you put, would you do it? Would you, can you pull it off? Nah, I can't pull it off. No.


Nah, I ain't never, I ain't never been that, That bold. Nah, I ain't never been, I I've never been no Fabio Lazar Lafa Lario. I've never been one of those guys that, that could, could do that. Wait, hold on. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out. Time out. Now you done played the field for a long time. I don't mean to get in your personal business Now you can have two women sick court side. Now I understand you wouldn't do it publicly, so I don't mean to be a perseverance. Yes, I'm nosy. So you ain't never had two women before in general, or you just, are you, you got to be locked in with one. I mean, Ocho to have like Talk, talk to me now.


Have Time. Have I had two women come to a game? Yeah, but I wasn't dating nobody. Ah, okay. I see. I see where you going with. I like that. I like that. Did they sit together though? Hell Nah. Okay. Okay. So, so, okay, so you hadn't, so you hiding it? Yeah. I, I wouldn't, I didn't, You know, it wasn't no situation. I didn't want no, I didn't want no. You know, And I was Like, You know what, just my luck. Somebody bump into somebody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was like, nah, I'm done With this. You, you gotta be able to talk to 'em and, and, and, and have a great understanding because if you tell the truth in the beginning and give them an option whether to stay or go nine times outta 10, they gonna stay anyway. And be accepting of the fact that you, you told the truth.


I, I'm, I'm just, I'm just telling you. I ain't telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know. I believe you Joe. I believe you. Oh, I believe you. But I ain't, that ain't me no more. Yeah. Now You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm Come. Hell, what game I gonna take him to? What, what? I ain't playing. Oh, you talking about now? Yeah. I'm saying where, where can I, where can I take him? That we going to go, go watch Right now. Lemme, lemme, lemme tell you something. What? We have a tour that starts in what, June, right? Yeah. You could have two right there. The show in the front row. What you talking about? Tickets cost too much. Who cost too much tickets? Am my mama And I am my mama gonna be at the show?


Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mama coming for real? No. Oh, I ain't let my mama come about. Hey, I am, I'm excited. I Hey, can you gimme one guess? Can you tell me one guess? No, Not yet. Okay. Okay. No, I, no, I'm, I'm not bringing my mom. My plus it's gonna be too late. My mom be in the bed asleep. My, oh, mama, mama, mama hate but mama 82. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And matter of fact, and people, people, if you watching this, people in the chat, when you, when we come into certain cities, certain cities, especially in my city where I'm from, You know, don't ask don't ask your boyfriend no tickets. If you love me, if you love me, like you say you do And you value me And I friendship.


Yeah. I need you to support us. Don't ask don't, don't ask me to get you no tickets. Support us. Yeah. Please purchase tickets and support us. You know, I, I'm, I'm, I'm backed up on child support. So anything Yeah. You know, he, he help your boy out. Now. That's How me, yeah. You know, I, I appreciate that. You know Ojo, when I first started the cognac, I mean, rod Smith, my brother still buy it to this day. My brother go to the store. I don't see my brother. No, no Cognac. Right. He go to the store and buy it. Rod Smith, you may have Rod Smith. He was the first one. I think Rod probably purchased like 10 bottles. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. I mean, most of my homeboys, they, they support me Bucket obviously.


I gifted them, gifted everybody a bottle. But from that point on, they go buy it. Yeah. But man, tell Sharp to send me a bottle of note. I, I, I need my people. I'm telling you ahead of time. My, my people in Philly, my people in Chicago, my people in New York, my people in Detroit, my people in North Carolina, especially my people in Miami. Please, I beg of you. Don't text me. Don't ask me what? Get your boy some tickets. I know I'm your dog. If I'm your dog, support your boy. Yeah. Because if you ask something going on, You know I'm gonna support you. Gimme that. Yeah, for sure. Give me that same grace that love you always talk about having for me when I see you And we dap each other up And we hug. I mean, Ocho I mean, every home game they play 41 games at home in basketball.


Them tickets ain't cheap. Yeah. Nah. I remember when I play, I think, hold on. No, They get, they, oh wait a minute now think They get too comp? Yeah, they get too caught now. Oh, You're right, you're right, you're right. Okay. Yeah. They They get too comp. Yeah, they go too comp. You're right now, You know where they sitting. I, I don't know what 'em comp seats at. Yeah, well you ain't getting no horrified comp seats. Oh, Absolutely not. You, you finna pay for That. Yeah. I Think the fa it's family section though. I you that's still good seats the family section. Yeah. And see that's the thing. You have one by somebody there this week. Well who you with? I in Wasana you have somebody, whoever was Shannon, and then they, and then they, when you come out the st when you come out the locker room, everybody looking at you like, ah, yeah.


Mind your business. You married. I ain't right. I have 15 up there if I wanted to. But nah, I keep, like I said, for the most part, my family, You know. Yeah. Hey, I'll Do that. I didn't have, I mean, because my first like girlfriend in college, she didn't come up to one game. And then I really didn't have no, I mean, I was just like, get the tickets away. 'cause I didn't have, I didn't have anybody. Right. Hey, can I, I just gotta, I'm, I'm just, I'm starting to think now and things are starting to come to me as I think about just the, the, the scenario and having two women at a game and unc You know, with your experience and people in the chat that have been in relationships just in general.


I ain't been with no damn two women at once. Oh, you haven't? Hell No. You, I Wouldn't even, I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even chance it Now. You couldn't pay me enough. That ain't, but that ain't, that ain't nothing about a lawsuit waiting to happen. No, sir. Wait. Oh, you ain't never had No. Okay, okay. No. Don't want it. Okay. My, my bad. My bad, my bad, my bad. No, I'm have, have, have I had, have I had women to ask? Nah baby, I ain't with you. You said no. Hell yeah. I said hell no. What can you, what Hell, man, you went boy. I told Unc, do You know you ain't never had one mess with you up north.


Another one mess with you down south. It is me and her. That's it. That's all I got for you. Now listen, but I'm just telling you, I'm telling you this, back in my day, this is back in college days. I'm, I ain't done the list. None of this ran. I'm too old. I'm wove for all that d but I was trying to get back to the point about Lou will and having two, two women in the game and understanding how smooth and how much patience he has to have as a man. Fellas, this is for you in the chat as well. You know how difficult it is dealing with one woman. Ojo. What you wanna eat after o Look. Okay, two. All you do is cut the time in half.


I ain't got before. I ain't got four good minutes. Two, you get down there. Two Now you, man, Now you, the group chat you were talking about on Joe, I'm in there. So that's all I got for you. You got two minutes of peace for each. Huh? I got two A. Somebody gonna be disappointed. Somebody gonna be bad and say, oh, this ain't nothing. You right. You right. That's all I got. So, but that is that, that, that ain't really never interests me being with two women. It ain't, it ain't, that ain't, that ain't my thing. Like I said, I've had people like, oh, and hey, no I don't.


I'm, I'm good. I don't want any of that. I don't want any of that. I'm ocho at this juncture. It's a lawsuit. Leave it alone. Oh yeah. And I don't want part, I'm Not talking about this juncture. That's, that's why, that's why I, I spoke in in past. In past. Yeah. Yeah. I mean nothing. Now you remember I told you I got fa wood, I got two of the possible with two. I ain't got nothing but the possible. Right. I got that possible. I ain't even got a truth. It's a possible, I gotta ace a diamond, but I got seven other diamonds in my hand. Right. I got you. I got you. Well wait a minute now wait a minute. Never say never because Don't forget, don't never I that, that don't interest me. Ocho. Let, let me, Let me finish now. Lemme finish now.


Me, you and Prime, we still got a trip to the Dr. Now. You never, you can't never say never, Never. Okay. Okay. Okay, we'll, we'll move On. Oh, your man for me, my, I mean look, I might be the central figure in my family Say talk to me, but I'm the least important if you can understand that. Yeah. My mom, my sister, my brother, my kids are everything. Everything, everything. So for me, whatever, whatever Escap, escapade or experience that I haven't gotten.


Right. You ain't getting there. I'm good. Yes sir. I'm, listen, I'm with you when you're right, I'm with you when you're right. But I'm gonna tell you one thing. It's a rollercoaster boy, you hear me? It's a, it's a rollercoaster. Yes it is. I'll never forget. First time 1996 had three of 'em, 'em, oh no. Hey uncle had three of 'em had me chain to the bed. I'm gonna tell you where I was at. I could chain. Yeah. Cha. Yeah. Chain. Well, they, well, I don't, I don't play. Listen to me, I'm gonna tell you, and I'm gonna tell you a story. I ain't told a story. I ain't told nobody except my homeboys out at there in Miami. 1996. I skipped school. They picked me up, took me to the executive palace in Okeechobee.


If you in the chatty from Miami, You know about the executive palace. They had me chained to the bed. I ain't, I had bondage, You know, unbelievable experience. I don't want to get too in depth with it. I don't wanna accept, I don't wanna upset. You know, You know my people, You know my baby, You know. Yeah. I don't, I know, I know she, I know she watches it. I don't wanna, You know, but hey, it's a rollercoaster boy. You hear me? Good. It's an experience like no other, You know, that I don't Got, I don't got the stomach no more for one rollercoasters you, I, I'm, Hey, I good ojo. You know what I'm saying? Hey, let me get on these sparks. Yeah. Let some, Hey, let somebody get this two possible.


No, no. It ain't gonna be no two possible. If you add the sparks to the, if you already add the sparks to it, you finna go Go. I already know. Hey, I got two because I got bo I got both the jokers. I I'm gonna give you two. I got both jokers, big joker and little joker. The one on the bicycle and the one that's not on the bicycle. If you play cards, You know what I'm talking about. The bicycle card. I got the big joker, little joker. Yes sir. Now I want y'all to know I got a king of another suit. It's not a spade. Right. I can't as, I can't be certain that it's gonna walk because somebody might, somebody might need a phone off and cut it, don't you? So that's all I got for you. So you coming at No, don't oo me.


I got you too. As far, I got a possible, but I'm just saying it might get cut. I got you. Hey, that's funny man. I'm just saying though, Joe. That's funny. No, I could, I I couldn't. I'm, hey, And I, I'm just reminiscing on them days, man. Back then, man, You know, as You know, when you're younger you just, just, you've done some things that you just don't understand how you are able to do. And especially, And you think about it at the age we're at now, I couldn't, I couldn't pull it off. I don't have the energy. No, I don't. Or, or the attention span to be able to, to make sure no one is left out. You know? Yeah. So I was, hey, back in them days, You know, back when my younger dad, I was like an octopus.


You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. And I make sure I don't leave anybody out. I make sure everybody is in tune and I'm sharp and detailing all that I'm doing that everyone feels like they're a part. I mean, unison. It's all about becoming a one. I can't Even lock. Oh. So I ain't gonna even hold you. I can, I I can't. I I I know I got it in me. I Know. I feel you. I feel you. I feel you. But I, I was different, You know, You know. Yeah, I know you as hell with you as well. I Was hell. Well, hey, that, that, that one called hell Yeah. That that what? That one I put a, yeah, I worked a double on them. I did a double, I did a double, I did a double now. Shit. Like back in Jackson State down to me at night.


You got me working day and night. I, I know. Oh, we said you worked a Double on them. Yeah, I pulled a double on. I put it all the time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I was dating myself. I I, I don't know if they, I don't even know if they're still a, a in existence. LaQuinta back then, LaQuinta about $35. You know about LaQuinta man. L-A-Q-U-I-N-T-H. Yeah. Yeah. They, they still, they still got 'em. Yeah. LaQuinta to end. Yeah. Especially when you on the road. He, oh bro, You know, I'm, I had a little paper back then, You know, little, little 30, 35, $70. Get you two nights little tack. $8 two nights.


I go right out there, get that room, I turn that AC on 'cause I'm a, I might be giving it to, but I'm a sweater. I sweat. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause the room gotta be icy cold. Okay. Okay. It's Embarrassing. It's embarrassing because You know, I'm, I'm just like, man, she ain't gonna never wanna see me no more. Hey, I'm in that thing like a Baptist minister. Damn. Oh bad boy. I did something. Woo. Yeah. Yeah. Back in the day with Joe. You know, Hey, with old shit, when that sound shit with hell, hell yeah. Woody was well, Yeah, I was, well Hey boy, I got boy, boy, I got some man.


Listen man, the stories man, sometimes. And I like the same room. I like the same room too because I feel it, it's something about that room and, and especially if I get, You know, get a, get a four bone or a five bone. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Ocho? Yes sir. I think it the room. It was the room. Lemme get that room. Lemme get that same is the room I had last week available. They, well, Mr. Sharpe won't be available till tomorrow. I said, well, I'll come back tomorrow, but let me get it. I'll be back tomorrow. Let me get it. There was something about that bed, I don't know what it was, but boy, hey, but can't you all o job, it, it got, I tell you what I have thought about.


I said, now what about OSHA at 18, 19, 20 on the sparks? Nah, I don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Hey, hey, I had to put some, I had to put somebody's legs back together, man, in 18, 19, 20 on the spark. Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, the body or is already producing its own spark in general, especially at that age, you Can you imagine No Cho And you, And you add something to that man, please.


Oh boy, boy, him some days. Boy, I sure hope you with the Bible study that week. Boy, him some days. Aight boy. What time? What a time. Oh, Joe Aisha Howard has addressed a rumor alleging Anthony Edwards requested to pay 18 years of child support upfront amid their court battle. She said, where do these lies, where do these lies be coming from? You ever heard a rumor about yourself? And I actually wanted to hear more, like, no way. What did I do next? There are no court documents, motions or proceedings that have occurred, nor have I been offered or agreed to such terms.


Hmm. Would it actually be smart just to pay the whole 18 years one payment of only 1.8 million? Yes. Yeah. I mean this is, I wouldn't be, it, it, it's tough Ocho It's tough. Yeah. It's tough. It's tough because it, And we just, I just speculate. I don't know, I I don't know ant man like that. Have I have I met him before? Yes. It's tough because he young is purported that he didn't want the kid. Now he forced to, You know, be wanna be with the kid.


So I, I just think the thing is, I would say this, take some time cool down. Yeah, sir. You are upset right now because you didn't want to be with her. You were just having a good time. Yes, sir. And sometimes when you're late, you gotta pay. Yeah. And that, that's the only advice I would give him. I say, I say, son, that child didn't ask to come. It Didn't, it was two, it was two grown folks. I mean, you practice long enough, you gonna get good at it. Yeah. You right. I mean listen, this, this is an unfortunate circumstance.


You know, I, I know Anne very well, a good friend of mine and the situation unfortunate. Now we're all different and how we operate And I can, I can only put myself in his shoes. Yes. If I was in, now, You know me, I didn't do things the traditional way. No. I didn't do things a traditional way. You know, there was an understanding between those And I that I have kids from where I am extremely active and all mine's life and always have been. That's something that, that I would be proud of. Whether the individual And I weren't together, You know. Oh, you what man? You bull driving is mine. Oh bet. Let's go.


I got this and I'm starting to pre-plan and everything ahead of time. What we, having the girl, boy And I thinking about Jim cla gymnastics and football people. That's how I, that's how I operate. Right. 'cause I'm one who enjoys having kids. Right. I enjoy it. I'm active, I'm hands on and all that. I do. Especially when it comes to that. But his situation is different. Obviously he didn't want, he didn't want the child. Right. But obviously you do have to take responsibility. Yeah. And it iss different now OCHO because see, the, the problem that I have now is that they have this thing called internet. Yeah. And when something gets put on internet, it's up there for perpetuity. Yes sir. And, and to know that one day, and this could not be true, but for a child to read that, to say the father didn't want anything to do it or didn't wanna be a part of his life, that's hurtful.


That's, that's tough. So that's, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's Also, he's, he's also speaking from anger, huh. Of course. Also speaking from anger about the situation and her understanding that, You know, You know, this is something that I don't want now. And then, You know, the, the, the other flip side of is well if you didn't want a child, you shouldn't have wor you should've wore protection. Yeah. You can't put raw meat on them. Yeah. So, I mean, listen, it, it, it is tough. I mean that, I don't know. I think I, like I said, I understand, like I understand her side, You know? Hey. Yeah. I think when, I think when cool ahead prevail, he gonna be alright. I too, he gonna be alright.


I Yeah. And he, he's going to be an active father. Yeah. Regardless of the reports that are coming out. Yeah. I think I be straight. I think I'm gonna be straight. And I, I love, let me, I got, lemme take my glasses off. I love kids. Love it. Love it. I love being a father. If, if, if, if I wouldn't mind having the mo. Yeah. I, man, I, I wouldn't mind having the mo. Yeah. Matter of fact, You know what, I'm finna have twins. Yeah. That's what I'm finna do. I'm finna have Yeah, that's what, yeah, that's what I'm, and then I'm done. I'm gonna go, The twins I want is, is Range Rovers or, or Bentley.


Matter of fact, I'ma get, I'm gonna get two of them too. Guess what I'm gonna get 'em with at 5,200 I owe you. Yeah, man. I sure. What you gonna pay me my money, man? Oh no. Oh. Hey, I'm finna have twins. So you want, you want my kids to starve? Do you want my kids to starve? You want the 5,200 or you want me to be able to provide for my kids? Which one? What About my kids? My kids starving. They grown. They could work. They eat though. Huh? They need to 5,200. Nah, but they work. So they already making money. The kids before they born, I wanna make sure I can provide. So as long as I got that 50, 50, 200, I'm gonna be able to provide, You know what, I'm just, I'm just going, I'm just gonna go And you going check it out.


Your check, I'm, I'm gonna guard your wage. Hey y'all back, shit going. Y'all back at your gar garnish Ocho check. Nah, chat. Y'all chat. Don't do that. Don't do that. Hey Chad, I would, You know what I'm do, I would, I would put, I would put it on your credit. I would, I would stay to collections. I'm done with this. We already, we already got a repar, reparation, reparations. How you say? Reparations? Yeah. Yeah. We already ain't goddamn damn. Don't, don't, don't, don't take my money from me, man. That that's all I got. That's all. I'm gonna send it to collections. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna send it to collections. You, you gonna, Marvin at me?


You gonna lock me though? Yeah, yeah. Nah, I'm gonna send it to collection. Whatever your credit. I just checked my credit report my credit card. I'm 8 24. Oh, I think I wanna, I I'm gonna get eight 50. I wanna get to eight 50. I gotta get to eight 50 again. I used to have be eight 50. I'm 8 24 right now. I'm gonna put your, I want your to go down to like 400. Nah, that, that, that ain't gonna happen. That ain't gonna happen. And I, I, I got some good credit. I got Aren two men are suing OnlyFans because they found out the women actually talking with, with only, only with, with OnlyFans model. The models were instead employee, employee agencies to impersonate the models they thought they were speaking to.


One guy says he was sending photos of his cooking creation and began to become suspicious of who he was actually communicating with when he started getting contradicting information and errors in message. Well, hold on man. They suing OnlyFans because they're not talking to the person they thought they were talking to. Yeah. They were employees of the agency. I thought I was talk, I thought I was talking to somebody, You know, a, a only fans model or, or porn star, so forth. And so, I mean, did you really think you were really talking to her? How about let's start there. Yeah, I did. Really? I was led to believe I was led astray. Yep.


I mean, is that, is that a a, a lawsuit? They can win. Oh, Joe, they're paying good money to talk to actual people. Okay. Now You know, you got, you got a fact. You, you have a point. You have a point. But if The actual person, I wanna talk to the person. If you say your name is, is, is is Katrina, right? Picture frame. I wanna talk to Katrina. Picture Fame. I'm sending you $10, $15, a hundred dollars. You know what? That's, that's their fault. That's what they get. Go out in the, go out in the real world and talk to regular women. Go out, enjoy yourself. Go to bars, go to clubs, go to lounges. They Like to have the women that they don't think they can get. Ocho. What? Actually, if you paying money And you get 'em online, you could pay money to get 'em in real life too.


It's safe. I agree with you. You freaking it. It's you freaking to the cop. Why? Yeah. There, there are some that you, they, they got back page, You know, remember, remember back page or you were never on there? No. Oh, so Oh, it was just me. Yep. See, they, they, I mean they be, they be, I mean they be, they be sending draws, they be sending all kind of Yeah. All kind of stuff. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm like, man, You on man. They be sticking. Come on. Yeah. Just listen, listen. I don't know if the numbers are are true or sometimes they, they, they, but the money that women can make on OnlyFans Yeah. They will never ever have to work a nine to five ever again.


That's, if the numbers are actually true, sometimes the numbers are staggering. Yeah. So yeah. So it's only making $4 million a month, making 4 million and that ain't, nah, I know that's not true, but I think they make well into, into six figures sometimes low sevens. Yeah, I agree. I don't know. But it's just, listen, we've come a time, we've come, we're in a time, we're in an era right now, You know, with society and OnlyFans and all these different apps and, and content created. There's so many different avenues and ways to make money. No one should have an excuse for being, You know what, I'm not gonna say the B word, but


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite were Duke beat, Alabama, Florida beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida Beat and Texas Tech. What a win by them. Coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Junior And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Wow. Mm. I've got a complicated project, No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I Didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you? Tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows, all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


OCHO fan, fan yelled, excuse me, Nico fired Nico to Nico Harrison's face speaks out the Dallas fan who screamed fired Nico and Nico Harrison's face on Monday night says his phone was taken and thrown to the ground Shortly after the incident, he tells TMZ, he's planning to file a police report. Does Dallas not have a PR team? How do they keep making this absolutely worse than what it already is? Listen, as a fan, you gotta conduct yourself in the right manner. You, you, You know that you can scream at the owner, but you can't be screaming in owner's face if you are gonna scream at him, scream from far away. Yeah, it's okay to disclosure your pleasure with the decisions that he's made on the, on the Davis and, and Luca trade.


But, but but come on man, but come on. But also on the other side management. Y'all ain't making it no better. Yeah. Why y'all take the man falling and throw it to the ground? Come on now. That's what he wanted though. He was waiting on the reaction. Of course. Let's wait on their reaction now. Watch the next thing. Watch They try to sue. Oh, they gonna sue you. Gonna follow him for your course, You know, not gonna try to sue All it is easy. Payday they going, they they gonna hush him. Pay him under the table. Get him to be quiet and going away, going about your business. Ah. Alright Joe, it is time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for Q. Are we doing later? Yeah, we about to be, I talk, I was talking tonight, but I felt good tonight.


Hey Mike. Mike, what's up Uncle Ocho? Love the show. Question is, if both of you guys came outta retirement and played right now, who wins up with the Broncos and OCHO with to be the Bengals? Well, listen, can't come outta retirement. Got two, replace all. Got two artificial hips and bone on bone in my left knee. All can't do nothing but stand on the sideline. Yeah, well let me tell you something. Well, that lets You know who would win because I can come outta retirement right now, right now in play, hypothetically speaking, if the opportunity presented itself, I had no injuries, I'm fine. If I got the call right now to come in and be the third receiver, boom, I'm ready to go. And yes, we would beat the Broncos because the Broncos lost us last year.


What do you think would happen? Yeah, yeah. Me t and chase, we, We, wait, we went to the playoffs. Daniel Cummings said N-F-L-P-A needs work with players to build a save it and a strike fund. Shut this dish down until reasonable pay and healthcare is obtained for vested players and retirees. N-F-L-P-A no more backdoor deals. Mm. Well, well that's, that's what I thought they, we were gonna do, especially in 2011 when they had, when they had the, especially coming out after they did this last deal. So it was up and they didn't do that. So it's, it's hard. It's hard because guys, a lot of guys live paycheck to paycheck O Joe because remember Yeah, most time you get that money from September to January, that's It.


And that when they gotta last you February, March, April, may, June, July, it's March after that. Yeah. You gotta manage your right now everybody doesn't make the same amount of money to be able to say, You know what, okay, we gonna lock out, okay, we gonna fight this thing. We need y'all to save you money. Everybody's not able to do that. Everybody's not make the same amount of money to do that. Correct. Aren Owen says, how hard it is it to adjust from your college playbook to your first pro pro playbook. When you got to the league it was hard because all mean all that verbiage, man. We had, Hey, we had a number system. It was quick. Yeah, I had, I had the number system. It wasn't no verbiage O Joe.


Yeah. It was 6 68. Yeah. 3 93. Yeah. No, it was Easy. So now I'm hearing all this verbiage. 52 double slam in special. Z wiggle. Z wag. Oh man. Man, it was very hard for me. King Oban said, what do you guys think the N-B-A-N-F-L leaving MVP voting up the fans. SG has been playing phenomenal, but Yoic is the player right now and it's not even close. A-K-O-K-C being number one C is why SGA may win. Yeah. The two things can be true.


Yeah. No, I don't want the fans to vote 'cause it's a popularity contest because I've seen you guys vote guys into the Pro Bowl, vote guys into the All star game, vote guys into Whatever and don't Deserve No, they number deserve. Right. Exactly. Look, SGA should, he's earned the right to win the MVP this year. Nicola Yoki is the best player in the NBA. Two things can be true. Yeah. SGA should win the MVP. Nicola Yoki is the best player. Yeah. XXA insanity. Braves wave, Jackson Hayes Dodgers and five they, they look good. Dewan hives.


Have you ever listened to a form to a former coach or Jim and thought this is why you a former coach or g and not a current? Yeah, absolutely. Yes. When I hear some of 'em talk about the trades they would make, I say, that's why you sitting up here next to me, Mike Tenenbaum. Yeah. That's why you sitting up here next to me, Lil Man Ocho go double or nothing on the 5,200. If he beats James Harrison, it wipes out the slate clean. But if he loses, he gotta pay post fight, Man, You know, Goodwill, I ain't losing man. I'm Go, go in the Bible, read the story of David and Goliath. That's all it's gonna be like.


Same, same outcome. Retired deputy sheriff said, what's something women think men want in a relationship that men actually don't care about? Don't you? Ooh, that's a good one. And that, that varies depending on the man you ask too. Yes. Yes. Damn, that's a great, that's a a that's a great question. And I can only speak on behalf of myself. I like women think being dolled up, being dolled up. I love, I love women think that, oh, depending on the individual that you're seeing, that you have to be dolled up and, and and, and dressed in press, hair, makeup, lashes, And I don't care nothing about all that, man.


I'm simple. Put on, put on your sweats and your flip flops and You know, a tank top and I'm good. I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. Seeing you in your natural state is enough. You know, being dialed up is one thing, but that's a version of yourself that I'm not gonna wake up to every day. I'm, I'm, I'm just not. You know, it's cool that, that, I know you can do it, but I just, I just love a woman in her natural state on, Well, something women think men want relationship marriage cupcake. Mama said as men, do you feel like you've ever had the space to be vulnerable in love Ish Culture?


Hey, You know, that, that, that get that gets that gets you burned so many times, huh? Yeah, because I'm like, if I, if I open up and then you throw it in my face, so I just keep it to myself. Yeah. That's what I got a therapist for. Listen man. That's or My sister, my sister's my therapist. Vulnerability is is one of the best, one of the best things, one of the best feelings when you're able to do it with the right person. One of the best thing when I, when I think of that, that word love, most of the time in certain situations, especially at a certain level, when you reach a certain status that it's not really love and just what you're able to provide and it being stability, convenience and opportunity.


Love, love and loyalty is nothing but a word in the dictionary between opportunity and convenience. Hmm. That's it. Loyalty and love in the dictionary. When you reach a certain level of status, it's nothing but a word in the dictionary between opportunity and convenience. That's it. Hmm. And we've, we've shown time and time and time again every time. Cool. As in said, UNC didn't warn us about Rose Sparks and La Porter Mix. Oh, you mixed it. Somebody mixed it.


Well, goy, Oh, he had that, he had that liquor wood and that spark wood combined. Ooh. Whoa Boy. He like the economy right now. He hard. Yeah. Still good. I'm just trying to figure out, hey, why show hope you didn't have to go nowhere because I don't know how you bad please. You need to stay home, get you a ice bag. They said, Hey, can you wish my grandmother Irene and my mother shell happy birthday? Both of them are this week. We absolutely can. Happy Grandma Irene mother shell happy birth early birthday.


Hopefully you guys got something planned. I'm sure since your birthday birthdays are are close, you guys gonna probably go out, have your good time, get something to eat. Yeah. Get you one more B good old buffet. Hey, You know what Ace, take 'em to Ruth Chris, take 'em to a nice steak dinner. Let 'em let their hair dye, let 'em have something good courtesy of you. Ace grandma and mom, they deserve that. They earned that. Dr. Pre Bellamy, we've seen your checklist. You want no burps passing gas, fresh bath, black peppermint gum in a snowstorm. But now it is your turn. Please answer yay or nay. Are you looking for a teammate or a house plant?


Oh. Oh, I don't see, for me, ocho I don't think that was One Ocho that's like a woman saying, I want somebody six foot tall. I want somebody to make X amount of money. Right. I want somebody that's, that's well versed. I want somebody to like to travel. So women get to have stipulations. Right. Poor Shannon can't have nothing. Oh, I see where you going with it? I see, I see you cooking right now. Go ahead chef. And people talk about people's like, well that's a natural function. Well why don't you just go out in public, just pull your pants down the table. Don't go the sidewalk. Come on now. What A natural function. Come on, chef. You cooking that? I I'm saying I I I'm confused.


Y'all make it seem I'm i'll asking y'all to go rob a bank. All I'm saying bro, I mean for somebody to feel that comfortable to just be walking around the house as a woman. Right. To just do that. I like it. I I like it because that, that's, that's vulnerability. Unc, I don't want you No, that's na stability. Nah, it's, it is vulnerable. Being vulnerable, especially being vulnerable around somebody that you love, somebody that you're dealing with. You know, it's a, it's a sense of peace of not having a, oh Lord, every time I gotta use the bathroom, I gotta go hide and, and hide away from unc. Or every time I have to have to pass gas, I gotta go in the other room and hide from unc. Like that's that got, that's draining. You ain't gotta hide from me. Just go look. And people are like, oh, your, I'm, I, listen, I'm not telling what ask anybody.


Yes sir. When you see my brother, if you see my sister, ask them, Bernie and Mary Porter did not play that now it was different. We had to go to the woods so we didn't have to worry about hearing the pee, hitting the toilet or, or somebody poo the door open. You took your blood in the woods, found you a tree to hide behind. And that was it. But Barney and Mary Porter did not play that. We didn't talk at the dinner table. Ask my brother what if you wanted to talk at the dinner table? You got up, you ate your food And you got up And you went and talked. Only grown folks talked to the dinner table. Okay. Okay. Now I don't know how y'all did it now how y'all did things and maybe y'all came to a situation and y'all mom let y'all pass gas and just, just blow it up in the house.


Okay, that's fine. Yeah. But I'm telling you that's not gonna work with Shannon. Right. Okay. I'm not everybody's cup of tea and I'm okay with that. Right. I'm letting You know what what it is when you go in. So it's not like oh, oh, before this you used to No, no. That's never gonna be cool with me. It's never anybody that I've ever been with who y'all think I've been with. Ask them. If somebody tell you, oh yeah, I used to pass gas around Shut and say, Now you ain't been with Chad Sharp. Anybody, anybody, they'll tell you I'm the side. I've been the same. That's, that's not gonna fly with me. I don't think I'm asking too much. I don't have a whole lot of rules.


Yeah, You for A what? Before a, I don't know, Joe, but for a woman to think it's okay to just, just, just blow it up, just walk. Oh hell no. Mm. That ain't, that ain't gonna work with me. But I mean to each his own. I mean, Ocho say he cool with that. Okay. Yeah. Y'all need to find somebody like o that's that's around o like Ocho That's cool with y'all passing gas in front of them, burping and all that kind of stuff. Listen, I why would you want, Why would you wanna leave the bathroom door open when you go into the bathroom? There's a reason why the door is on it. No, that's not though.


If me, I'm, I'm gonna tell you again And you, you missing out on some quality time and great conversations. Some of the best conversations on are had when you in a relaxed state. She in there using the bathroom or you int using the bathroom And you going back and forth and conversing. I don't know What ain't about conversion. Ain got need talk about because everything we can talk about, we can talk about once I'm done or she's done, there will be no conversation. You don't understand, you don't understand. It's, it is hard to explain 'cause you, you ain't been there yet. Unless you've been there. It's hard for you to get, get it to resonate with you because it's something that you don't see fit doing. I'm not, listen, I'm not and don't go into a you need to go there. Don't. Hey, can you bring me some toilet P pa toilet paper?


No, I can't bring you nothing. I'm gonna leave the house. You go ahead and walk your naked stink booty. Tell up out of the bathroom and go get it. 'cause I'm not, I'm not gonna open the door and hand you a roll of toilet paper. That ain ain't happening. Come On, come on. Huh? You tripping man. We listen. We gonna get you right though. We gonna get you right. Hey, hey. If Not your next one. Hey, hey, don't yo do like I do when ain't nobody there And I, I need toilet paper. I hop and go get the toilet paper. That's what you need to do because that ain't, that ain't gonna happen. So You tripping. Nah, they tripping. Oh.


I told you I bro, I broke up with a girl one time for doing that Damn Passing. Get, come on. You think that's cool? Okay, don't worry about it. I got a trick for you. Boy. I changed that number. I changed that number so quick. And you changed the number, Changed it and never talk and never talked again. But one person That's disrespectful. All, all You think you Finn lay up in my bed? Yeah. Excuse. Excuse me. Okay boy. I said Lord, ooh Lord.


The night could not, boy hell, I thought I was in Alaska that long ass summer night Babe. Please. I play like that man. I You ain't so did y'all, did y'all, did you shake you, you shook the sheets or Nah, shake. Oh, y'all was done. I and the best thing to happen, we had already had already done what we needed to do. Right, right, right, right, right. Hey, this how You know I'm done when I hey, when I get that cover And I hit this number. Oh, you turning your back on them? Did I Damn. Just 'cause she fought. Hey Boy, You know the Japanese tradition when you disor one of them, they turned it back on you right.


Oh boy. I got up out there. Yeah, I look here, I changed that number so quick. Oh, you changed your phone number for one person? Sure did. Because she fought it In the bed. No, that's, Boy, the bathroom was right there. Ocho the bathroom. Ocho the bathroom was right there. Well, you run your relationship like it's the green mile. Boy, hey boy, you cool boy, you a piece of work. Boy. I don't play. I I don't go. There's certain, like I said, ask anybody with that have dealt with me that I don't play, I don't play them games like that.


I don't play like that. Right. I've never played like that. And people say, oh, you set in your ways. I was like this when I was 17. I was like this when I was 22. I was like this when I was 28 in my thirties, in my forties. I don't play like that. Right. I don't play them kind of games. I got you. I I I understand like I'm, I'm a little bit more lenient in those areas. I ain't lean than that. I, You Know, I, I ain't going I, I'll tell you straight up, I'd rather you take $20,000 from me. I'd rather have $20,000 in my drawer And you take it than do that nasty. But Look Lord Pandemic bad guys.


Hey, thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boo Mobile. Visit your nearest BOO mobile store or visit or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. Yeah. I'm setting my ways now. That guy, the linear guy, the fun guy to let you do anything that you want to. As a matter of fact, he'll let you take a dump in his bed and he'll go jump in it. Hey. That's right. Snapchat Ochoco Johnson. Make sure you go check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock. Now. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We give it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe while you're out there. Go follow my media company, Pedro, all of his platform Shehe Media.


Thank you guys so much for nominating Shehe Media for six Webby Awards. Shannon Sharp was nominated Best entertainment creator, best Sports creator Club Shesha best creator slash influencer series, Nightcap Best sports show. Best video series, Nightcap Summer session live tour. Best Live podcast recording. The link is pinned in our bios. Please go vote for us. Voting ends sep no April 17th. Guys, think about it. We've gotten nominated for six awards. None of this, none of this is possible without you.


We greatly, greatly appreciate your support. 'cause when we come on, you support us. You watch us, you listen to our audio, you talk about us, you retweet what we and And we can't thank you enough. My clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe Work tour went on sale last week. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago. Detroit.


Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Tickets can be filed@shehemediadot.com slash tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Great guest lining up. Go get your tickets now and come join us. Thank you. Isaiah Bond for joining us. Former Alabama University of Texas. Outstanding wide receiver. Wish him best of luck. Thank you for taking time outta your schedule to join us here on Nightcap. I'm Heath Ocho will see you tomorrow night. I'm out The Volume


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down. Dude, wipes come in a variety of sense and sensation like mint chill and she shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fum the ball with TP wetter. Just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your behold and make the trade of the season with Switch to Dude wipes, the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes that's clean. Hands down


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chason Company.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion. The real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's


In golf. Precision is everything on and off. The course. PGA of America shows advanced 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business, for smooth operations and seamless transactions. Together we enhance ticketing and concessions for better fan experiences. From gate to green, this is pro-level efficiency. This is PGA of America with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.