
It's nostalgia overload as Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Do Amigos Wilmer's Friend and former, that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah, but it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen to Do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up federation? It's Freddie Prince Jr. And wrestling with Freddie is back. And we're going all in on WrestleMania 41 from the unpredictable to jaw dropping finishes. This year's mania might have just changed everything. By the way. Almost all the matches that we saw looked like real fights. I thought. Like they were like, yo, we're going hard today. Tomorrow we're gonna hurt, but we're going hard today. Yeah, because it was like beast mode times 10 out there. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, The prank, the col behind the prank called to Shado Sander has been revealed as Jack o Brick son of Falcons, DC First the Falcons put out a statement this morning saying earlier in the week, Jack Ulbrich, the 21-year-old son of defensive coordinator, Jeff Ulbrich unintentionally Came across the draft contact phone number for Shado Sanders off an open iPad while visiting his parents' home and wrote the number down and later conducted and later conduct a prank call. Jeff Oberg was unaware of the data exposure at any facet of the prank and was made aware of the above only after the fact Atlanta Falcons do not condone this behavior and send our sincere apologies to George Sanders and his family, who we've been in contact with to apologize to as well as facilitate an apology directly from Jack to the Sanders family.


We have also been in contact with the NFL and will continue to cooperate fully with any inquiries we may receive from the NFL League office. We are thoroughly reviewing all protocols and updating if necessary to help prevent an incident like this from happening again. Falcon Falcons Jack posted an apology on Friday night. I made a tremendous mistake. Should do what I did, was completely inexcusable, embarrassing, and shameful. I'm so sorry I took away from your moment. It was selfish and childish. I could never imagine getting ready to celebrate one of the greatest moments of your life. And I made a terrible mistake and I messed with that moment. Thank you for accepting my call earlier today. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me at Shado Sanders.


Ocho. Is this, is this apology enough or should the Falcons punish? Well, I don't know who, I don't know how they can punish the son. They might punish to death. So if you were to punish the Falcons, how do you punish 'em? And should, should they be punished first? And if you are going to punish them, what should the punishment be? I mean, listen, I I say if you're gonna, if you're gonna punish 'em to some extent, I, I I would say it would've to come from the dad. Obviously it was a son, it was a son that made the call. Obviously dad, I'm not sure how the son got the number. Who knows? But the punishment should come, should come from the dad. Maybe, maybe a fine of some sort.


I think draft picks could be a little, a little bit too much because the team itself as a whole shouldn't have to have to suffer for what the son decided to do. Okay. Outside of that, the apology, I mean at at that, at that, at that point moment. At that point it, it, it seems sincere. Especially being that it was written from someone else and it's it's, it no, it's, it's a bunch of, You know, what did he really mean it? No, the fact that he got caught is the only reason he's apologizing, bro. How you Oh, yo apologizing. You can't can't And you let 'em record you. Huh? They not sorry. They know what they were doing. They young. It was a, it was a prank. We are in the era of prank. Yeah. And like you say, everybody, everybody don't play the same.


They play too much. Everybody listen, they, they thought it was a fucking moment. They thought it was a funny moment when it really, before you go GB really wasn't. Other players also reportedly prank had prank calls. Tyler Warren had a prank call. There were several, several other players. And you see that, like you said, Ocho win that era. Everything is about a prank. Everybody wanna do pull something, wanna touch somebody, a viral moment, something dump something on their head. Everybody like gp like you've been saying the whole night. Everybody don't play how you play. Yeah. Now when somebody fire you up, then well, he ain't have to do that. Well, you didn't have to do that. Leave people alone. Especially people you don't have a relationship with.


You going out there something in some mall. You walking down the street, you don't know that people from person, from a hill of beans, Uhuh. And that's why this social media has messed us up. Yep. About lights and everything about this crazy stuff. That little kid knew what he was doing because he went his daddy phone and got that phone number. He did that on purpose. So I, I hate saying punish your dad because your dad is trusting in you as my son and I'm trusting you that you won't go do stuff that's just like almost stealing though. Y'all, that's almost like stealing.


It's almost like you stealing from your peoples and your dad has to take the blame for what you have done because I can't punish you 'cause you not in a Atlantic Atlanta FS organization. So I had to punish your daddy because of the situation. Because it hurts that person who you did it to. And these young kids. And I tell you, these kids are different. They think that's funny and they, they do. That's something to do at somebody else's expense. At somebody else's expense. They think this is funny. And then when you get caught, like Chas said, the boy ain't sorry because he, if he was sorry, he would've said he did it from day one and he would've been like, man, I did it.


But he got cold. And when he got cold he had to say the right thing to make his daddy be okay and look, look a little bit better. And you look at it. But Harris o Ocho. Yeah. So do Sanders number phone number wasn't the only one in there, but he was the one that was having a pre tip fall. So now, which prank is gonna generate the most buzz? Knowing Shado eggshells. He's on pins and needle waiting to have an NFL team call him and say, Hey, we're gonna select you in the fourth round. We're gonna select you in the fifth round. So check this out. He got the number from an iPad that he shouldn't have been using. He waited days 'cause because it, it, it just happened.


And then he made the prank call. He filmed himself while making the prank calls. Waited days to make the apology. Guys. I mean, look, he viral moment, everything ain't mentioned. Like, like you said, you heard me and, and this at day and age Ocho, everything is about clicks like mentioned in a viral moment. That's what it's all about man. That's why listen, that's why I like my era. We didn't have all that crap man. No men ain't play like that. Yeah, men ain't, we didn't get out like that. See I tell you all the time we don't get down like that. I came up, I don't remember men playing no practical jokes on nobody. Like, boy you better scrap it up.


You, you can't do that because next time we see you, we gonna knock you out. You feel what I'm saying? It ain't gonna be about man, okay man, I'm gonna take this, this court date, man. Nah man, I'm gonna knock you smooth out 'cause we ain't talking about all that. 'cause you, you messing with my livelihood about all that. Yeah. This social media and all that crap, man, we ain't doing that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm glad I didn't come up in that area. I'm glad, I'm glad Now look, I would've loved to made the money that these cats make. But, but but gp yeah, I wouldn't wanna be in this era. Me too much. I I wouldn't wanna be in the social media era. I don, I wouldn't. Hey, I'm gonna tell y'all I don't wanna be in this social media era 'cause I shoot, I would've been divorced way earlier than what I did.


No, I would've been on thing at that. You stupid. I would've been, man, I would've been viral all the time. You know what I'm, You know what I'm saying? But man, every day you walk out man, you going so like man, there's a cowboy man, all man looking that man, man, I ain't on that man. What are, what is a like to me, I don't care about no likes man. I'm already popular. You know what I'm saying? I don't have you gimme a million lights, a million people already looking at me. So what I don't care about all that man. You messing up my life man. And I'm not dealing with that though. It's crazy to me that you can sit on the phone and watch people do what they do and they silly you that show me and I ain't, I ain't surprised that boy got in that eye pack and then filmed itself doing it.


Stupid as that. How you think that we ain't gonna figure that out. Yeah. How you Think you ain't gonna get that? That's how dudes get caught. Killing people, burning people. Whatever they doing, they man, they go fool filming it. Go back in your phone and you got the pistol showing it and doing this and that and that. That's how they kept you. It, it's just silly. So that's why I tell a lot of kids that I talk to now and social media killing y'all man. It's, it's hurting y'all. Yeah. It's hurting y'all life man. Because all y'all think about is likes and who going to like you on there? That's how people get robbed and do stuff.


You be up and thing talk about I'm here, I'm there and then all of a sudden they look in the back, oh man, he had Centennial Park. Let me ride up on him right now. Let me ride up on that. That's crazy to me man, that you do that. That's just silly. That's just silly stuff to me. Dang. Shado Penn is first both on NFLX and I g accounts. If you go to both at NFL and Brown's official websites click shop. Who's the first Cleveland brown jersey? You can pre-order shado. Many NFL fans on TikTok have pledged to purchase Sha door's jersey and merchandise exclusively from his official website rather than from the NFL shop to support him after being drafted in the fifth round.


They believe the league Blackball, Shado, Shado could potentially make millions of dollars from this trend. And you'll probably see other players, You know, Ocho, you got it. Hey, the same if You know what You know Ocho, you had your little count. Yeah. You had the Ocho gear going and that's and that's good. And and and look that guy, look at you guys. Look, look, both of y'all, y'all is daddy, daddy gonna make that up. You know what I'm saying? Because Dion did did that man. And that's what they gonna do. They gonna just show up everybody what they did to him. You know y'all know that boy shouldn't have got drafted in no fifth round. He should have been a no. I was, when you going from projected to be number 9, 1 45, that's crazy.


Yeah. And then the teams that were supposed to draft you pass you and then the team who drafted him had it at the 33rd pick in the second round and they didn't Think, you see it's, it's gotta be a black ball thing. We ain't gonna never know why what happened or why it happened, but it happened. But to me, yeah, I just tell my little young, young nephew, man, go out there and kill. Yep. In the winter. Drop get down with him man. Be one of them special wounds like Marino, like Brett f and really do that man. They got dropped like that and then become a hall of Famer and become one of them dudes.


Yeah. That's all you gotta do. Yeah man. Forget it. And then make your bread man the way you is because he popular man this social media got here popular. He gonna be popular no matter what. He gonna be popular. Yeah. So just do it. It is, I I think, I think it's a blessing in disguise obviously going in the fifth round and the pick he went is not the blessing I'm talking about. I'm just saying the situation he's going to Flacco is is just there on the one year deal. Deshaun Watson's not gonna be able to play this year. So I'm assuming, the way I'm thinking and thinking it's going to play out, I think he will be able to be at beat out Kenny Pickett and Dylan Gabriel and I think he gonna get his shot. He gonna get his shot to play. I'm not sure if it's this year, may, maybe it's next year, but that's somewhere he gonna get his shot and I think it's gonna be magical for him and seeing it as a blessing in Dis Sky and I Joe and finally being, You know why?


Because look how much pressure they put on bro. James bro. Bro James, you the thought bro. James was the first pick in the draft. The way they talk about him talking about, oh he this he this he was the, he was the 55th pick. They ain got but five picks left gp they make it seem like they took the man, but because of that last name, you gotta understand. Yeah, if his name was Shado Jones, maybe you are right, but we know who his dad is and we know what that dad, that aura around his dad. But Shannon, I can't agree with you. I gotta agree with with with Chad on this one. Go ahead. Because that's a little bit of different talent. My, my little nephew Ronnie wasn't really, really ready for that, that situation for that that athletic ability ability.


Right. He had to throw into that. You forgot he missed a whole college. Oh yeah, yeah. With that, with that hard Yeah. The hard thing and You know what happened or whatever. But Shakur is ready. He yeah, he got the talent to do that right now. And if you thinking Ronnie right now, Ronnie killing the G League. Yes. He had to get himself into that situation. Right to do it. Ronnie gonna be good in two, three years. I know the door is gonna be ready now. But see what I was saying and I, I'm answer the names of what I was just saying because of the names and the expectations. Even though he's a fifth round pick and Ocho, You know, we don't have no expectations for no fifth round pick.


Yeah. Man's name is is Sanders name is Sanders. Yeah. We got expectations now for the 50 F pick. It's just like Yoic when Yoki got drafted eight yo. If they're lying, if they told they, well I knew Yoki was gonna be this if you knew he was gonna be this, you have took it with the number one overall pick. So you a DI saying you knew Nicole Yoki was gonna turn out to be what he was gonna be because he was a second round pick. I think he was like 40 something. Yeah,


it's the same thing. It's nostalgia overload as Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Do Amigos Wilber's Friend and former, that's 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah. But it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen to do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Wrestling fans all over the globe. It's Freddie Prince Jr. And on wrestling with Freddie, we're breaking down every damn moment from WrestleMania 41 2 nights nonstop chaos, legends, surprises, emotions and some of the best wrestling we've seen coming from WWE e we've got takes, we've got questions and we have a whole lot of love for what these men and women pulled off at mania. Tiffany Stratton, she earned her stripes at WrestleMania. And I don't mean because she won, she bled for her art. And it always felt like to me after the attitude era, once a wrestler gets cut and you see real blood coming out of their mouth or real blood coming out of their head, the crowd kind of goes, Hey, respect. And they kind of give you that nod, right? You go, Wow, every one of these guys is bleeding For the rug, bro. That's literally like blood, sweat and tears. It's all they got is blood. We're talking Cody, we're talking Ria, Roman, Seth, Tiffany, the future of the business is bright and if you watched mania and you're still buzzing or if you missed it and want to know what went down, we got you. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You so you put pressure, you say it should do it should do it Shado, here's a fifth round pick. You gonna bypass that and say, well look at his last name. I thought y'all said he was all this Ronnie going 55th. But, but if he all that he should be able to do like his head, I'm, I'm the have all them picks now we we went back to our fourth, fourth round five, round two like the NFL, then he got picked like that and it's a little different. We only got six picks. So pick because the simple fact is, is the Lakers had that pick. Yeah. Wasn't for LeBron being on the liquors and they'd make him that pick. He probably wouldn't have got drafted, which would've been no problem. Right.


You know what I'm saying? But we only got two rats, You know what I'm saying? And half the two and half the cigarette GP don't even make it. There you go. So it, it's a little different of what we saying. Mm. You know what I'm saying? We don't know if he would've got drafted if the Lakers didn't have that 55th pick. Right. You know what I'm saying? But they did pick him, which was a blessing because is talented. He is very, very talented and you gotta give him a chance. Football players got seven rounds. They gotta they don't do that. They don't do that. So we gr we happy that they do got these type of rounds, but if basketball would've had five or six, seven rounds and he got drafted in the fifth or sixth round, we wouldn't be expecting to be nothing.


But hold on what you said this, he might not even make the team. But here's the thing, G, once you start getting the Ocho you can, you don't know anything about this 'cause you're second rounder, you start getting, he's sixth, fifth and sixth, seventh round you camp bodies. Yeah. Hey O Joe. Wait, we can't, hey we need people. Hey we just need enough to fill the roster out. It ain't no guarantee when you start getting them later rounds like that. But well, in in, well y'all know, y'all first three rounds was almost like first round pick with us and Yeah, basically. Yeah, you want in the N nfl, the first three rounds, you, you, you start, you start in the l You feel what I'm saying? You basically gonna start the NFL if you get paid, you picked in the first three rounds, You know what I'm saying?


In basketball, if you pick 55th, 60, you in a G league 10 day contract or whatever. Yeah. Two way G League, two way you a two way. You gonna be all that man, we gonna give you a deal. Yeah. And, and you gotta look at Brony. He got a heck of a deal. He got, he oh he got the money guarantee but he not the first but he is not the first second round to get money guaranteed don't you? No, no, no. Not no they right because people believe in other things. But then you think about it like this, Shannon, what if I don't pick you and then pick you up in a three eighth and it still give you some guaranteed money. No, I want the guaranteed money right here. You wasn't gonna pick me up and gimme that kind of guaranteed money. So I go ahead and take this right there. Hey, hey, hey, hey on.


I take you, you, you me. Yeah, we, you saying with y'all, You know, I don't think you're seeing it from, you're not seeing it from the same lens. I'm seeing it at you. Go ahead. I'm, I'm looking at, at the situation and its totality. Right. Okay. Okay. You went fifth round. Now I, I look at it, I look at the landscape of what they got. They got F Flaco. F Flaco not gonna be that long. Deshaun Deshaun is hurt. He's coming off of Achilles injury. I, I see. I think no disrespect to Kenny Pickett, no disrespect to Dylan Gabriel. I see him beating him out. So I see Shado as the number two quarterback with a Flaco playing. Now depending on how Flaco plays throughout the entirety of the season, there's a chance that Shado, he goes to the helm. I say it's a blessing in disguise. So what happens, we think we look at the quarterback, the quarterback Carol said, little quarterbacks said the Browns have had throughout the entirety of their franchise, 40 of them, the last decent quarterback there.


Four of them. Hey a lot, a lot of them. The, the last, the last good one that was consistent was Bernie Ktar. Yes. I looking, I'm looking with all, yeah. Hey I'm looking long term this might be a blessing in the sky. This de despite. Yeah. So I'm just looking at it like that and knowing him and knowing the competitor that Ur is understanding the background and what he's come from, he's able to deal with this adversity. And again, hurdle this off as well on your side, in this situation, listen this situation for him, Hey GP delayed knocked out you dad, I'm on your side. I think Ur is going to be their quarterback for the next six, seven years and he gonna be good.


Yeah. And I gonna say, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say decades hopeful. I can say 10 too because I think he going go in there and show out, You know, go there and show out and I think he's got a chip on his shoulder now. Daddy, him and his daddy done talk about it towards there and get down with what you gonna get out there. And I'm, I'm guaranteed he gonna go in there and I, I don't even care about Flaco hoe I man, if you fool around and be moving and doing what you do, man to pass that thing, get first down or whatever. Them cleaning browns ain't been nothing in a long time anyway. If you can get some, some people in them stands and getting people high.


Shannon, you just said it, his jersey is the number one in Cleveland right now, man. Yeah. What do, what y'all think, what y'all think man, that, that that's going happen. I think he gonna show up and that's what he should do. He should go in there and show up. Oh Joe and Abdul Carter responded to us on Twitter this afternoon. I wore number 11. I have big shoes. I filled big shoes before. If You know football, You know who also wore the stick, which means 11. Yeah. It's not about the number. Yeah, it's about the player, the number, just the legacy. It's Iconic. Something cool. Look at the legacy of the stick. I came to Penn State and not only lived up to that number, but I made it even more legendary.


That's how I see it. I shot, if he says no cool. You miss a hundred percent of the shots you don't take. Yes sir. But I spoke to LT on the phone yesterday. She'll do, don't speak it with the adult and know for certain 56 or not. I'll build my own legacy. I don't, I'll lie. I think he said, I think he said praise to God or something like that. Abdul Right. We said that. I mean I we when we had you on the couch, we appreciate it. Again, I don't thank Ocho and I and nightcap the family. Thank you enough for coming by. I appreciate. Yes sir. Hey Bailey. Thank you Drew. We appreciate that. 'cause I, Bailey, I played with Bailey for two years in Bmore and Drew Rosenau probably his first start, he was down at the blue at the east blue gray game in Montgomery, Alabama Ocho in 1989.


So yeah. So it goes back. Yeah. So Abdul, I wanna thank you for coming on Ocho, I wanna thank you. Thank you Drew Rosa house and, and Bailey Robert Bailey for making that happen. Yes. We highlighted that number was made famous by LaVar Arrington. That man was then followed by Michael Parson and then you took it as great as those fans were wearing that number 11 at Penn State. Yes sir. I, sir, you can't even have fathom because lemme tell you what happened. Every outside linebacker you see is because of lt, the Von Millers, the TJ Watts, the Derrick Thomases, the Cornelius Bennett, all these, the Leonard Floyds, you name an outside edge rusher.


He's the only player in NFL history to make two positions famous. He made the left tackle famous, he made the tackle outside linebacker famous two. When you talk about, when we talk about who's the greatest quarterback, you get some debates, some people say Peyton, some people say Montana. Some people say Brady not gonna fight you. That's not come here to do today. If we say who's the greatest wide receiver, you get, some people say Jerry, some people say Randy Moss. Some people say Teo, if we say who's the best running back, some people say Jim Brown, some people say Walter Payton, Emmett Smith, Barry ett, Barry Sanders. When you say who is the greatest defensive NFL player ever, there's one name that comes outta everybody's mouth first Lt.


And he go, he, he goes by initials. They don't call him Lawrence, they call him lt. That's all we are saying. So I get the sticks, but five, six and that there in, in New York, he was cow. And that's my and that's my OG man. That's og. Every time I see him I'm with you. That's, I just saw him a couple weeks ago and had that autograph signing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I be seeing him all time now. You know, I, that's my dude man. That was the greatest Jeep plant ever in the, and there's been some great ones and I'm fortunate enough to play in the era I played in the era with Reggie at his prime, Bruce Smith at his prime, Ray Lewis at his prime Dion Coach Prime at his prime.


I I been, I'm talking about guys that wasn't defensive player to your multiples. He's it. Yeah. He made two. It's different positions. Famous. Famous. Yeah. I think, I think it's different. I, I think it's different. But this is what I do like about Abdul the confidence I feel, the belief I feel I can wear that 56 and do it justice despite a LT being the greatest defensive player of all time. That's what makes Abdul who he is right now. That's why he was drafted. We was drafted when he water sticks when he was at Penn State. The belief, the confidence on not only that in between them lines, the skillset to be able to pull it off.


So the, the mere fact that he's coming in with that kind of, that kind of cashier and attitude, I feel like I could wear that 56 in New York and do right now. I don't even want it. That's how I feel about myself, my skills. I don't even want it. As a matter of fact, I ain't even gonna get a 50 number because they might say I'm I'm close to 56, I might be close there. I don't want it. I'm getting me, I'm I I'll go back and get that level. I go back and get a single digit number of V. Yes sir. And I do what? Say man look here man. I don't even want that number man. I don't even wanna live up none of that, man. Yeah, let me go on number man. Get out. Hey he legendary. Yeah man, he can't do that. Hey, you can't do it on a legendary number man. Don't even mess with that. Don't even be talking about all that man to put yourself in that situation man.


Just go on to well left. Do what you did and get down. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Down. Yeah. You know what I'm, if you hear the story about Lt LT late LT late for the plane, LT gets out the car, throws his keys to the valet, say I'll be back here Sunday, pick me up. And the guy brings him up on Sunday. Lt he driving to New York Ocho he driving, he like, damn. Yeah, they got the last on at Giants Stadium. He's supposed to be playing. Hey we a on on NFL film man. Bill Belichick told a story one day about starting the meeting. Starting a meeting and the head got, remember head coach was the head parl with the head coach.


Okay, well Parel was the head coach. So Bill Bella, I think Bill must have went to Parcells and said something about, You know what with lt, You know, he showed up, he showed up late to a meeting and he wasn't there. And so Parcells asked him, well, did you start the meeting on time or did you wait for him to get there? He said, no, I just waited for him to get there. Well that said that thing because the meeting don't start until LT get there. I mean, what is, what are we, what are we talking about here? Like that? I was like, what? It's like now Ocho guys, you got an opportunity to see Tom Brady. If you, you are old enough, you get an opportunity to see Tom Brady. If you weren't old enough, you didn't see Joe and those come from behind victories, then you didn't see Elway and Marino in play. So I don't think people realize because they see TJY and they see these Aren.


Think about it. This man won the MVP of the league as a defensive player of the league. Different man. He was Lt, what was Lt like a, a 10 time all pro, like eight or nine first team. Do You know how hard it's to be that our first team, I think Brady has three First team all pros, those are the seasons that he won the MVP. Let that sink in for a second. Aren Donald was a, I think a eight time first team all pro in 10 seasons.


I think LT had that many, but Lt had like, I think he went like six or seven in a row. Carl Banks, somebody beat him out and then he went to another two or three. How many first team all pros did H LT have eight? First team, how many consecutive? Seven. He was eight. First team and how many second team? One or two. But I I but look, Abdul, I think I I I think you're gonna be a phenomenal player. Go strike yo. Go, go get your go build your own legacy because you're there. I mean because think, think about it. I don't care what corner you think Joe Bur gonna go to New England, say, Hey, lemme get that 12.


But, but, but, but Shannon we shouldn't even be talking about this. And the Giants should be like, man, you can't have that number. Hey listen, hey, hey GP came at it g in that, in that media market, You know how New York media is, You know, they don't play. You don't play. You, you, hey listen, you dawn that 56 and understand what comes behind that. Or even having it on your, having it on. Yeah, I don't, that man is beloved. I listen and I, I listen. I'm, and You know how I am g You know how I am. I don't care what nobody say, especially the media because I'm acting a fool. But I, I wouldn't even, I'm just saying if hypothetically speaking, I don't want what come behind that 56 wearing it every Sunday at one o'clock.


Uhuh. No, no sir. Like I said, they shouldn't even think about getting it to him. Man, go here man. This your church man. He'll send your locker. You know, fix that up. You already gotta hang it up G Hey, just hang it the jersey up now in his locker room and say you got 11. It is what it is. Man. Don't even come to my office, talk about 56, You know, and I send LT and bring church thing and say, boy, You know better than that. I don't, You know, I'm saying sit down, let's LT good. LT was lts like yeah, I, I appreciate it, but a no. Yeah, I mean like if you, you've been around Lt I've been around Lt. I don't know how much you've been around lt. Ocho Yeah, but he'll he cool dude. Hey, no, hey hold on, hold on.


Hey that's a good one. Me, me and Lt, we be at Twin Peaks. I'm saying you could, you could see the pictures. I see him all the time. He coming off the golf course. Yes. Okay. Okay. We go I duck smokers cigar with a big buddies. Yeah. Yeah. That's him. That's him. That's all he wanna do is golf and smoke them cigars. And I see him in, I see him in about two weeks. Anthony had is a golf benefit man. So yeah. Yep. I see him all the time with sin and everything. That's my guy. So, You know what I'm saying? Man, LT ain't worried about that. Lt gonna tell that boy you ain't gonna know I'm compare to me and everybody gotta understand, put your name or your picture next to me and give you king. It ain't going to never be another lt.


I don't get what nobody say. Right. You understand me? Just put your picture next to us and we be good. Yeah. You know, and Josh shouldn't put in that situation. Alright. You know what I do like g before we go, before you go, I just wanna say this about Abdul Carter. You know what I do like though? GP and I love that. Yeah. Hey there, there's, there's, there's something in players that, that don't have that we had back in the day. G you, you talked about it earlier, You know, as far as supporting cash, You know, role players and all that. Young bull got confidence. Yeah, you do. For the mere fact. He even had a goal and the ball to say, I want think about this. Ocho sick. What does that tell you? Aren? What'd that tell you about he Aren Donald won three defensive players a year. So did JJ Watt and ain't nobody said they're better than Lt.


And we watching them in this era. So now remember now when LT played, they didn't throw the football like they throw it Now he didn't have the chances to go to hunt the quarterback like they do now. They put a special, Joe Gibbs put a special offense in just to deal with lt. He put the H back in. He said I would've put somebody over here with the left tackle so they can help him Lt Right. Help him out. They'll help him out. Yeah. That's when You know, when they put it, when they designed a special offense to deal with you, if you couldn't block him, you couldn't beat the Giants. Go back and look at the eighties and look at the left tackles that got drafted in the first round.


Jim Lashay and they go get Irv Eaton. They go get Gary Zimmerman. They get Steve Wallace. Go back and look and see what they did just to deal with this man.


The Volume. It's nostalgia overload as Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Dos Amigos, Wilmer's friend and former that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah. But it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen to Do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up federation? It's Freddie Prince Jr. And wrestling with Freddie is back and we're going all in on WrestleMania 41 from the unpredictable to jaw dropping finishes. This year's mania might have just changed everything. By the way. Almost all the matches that we saw looked like real fights. I thought. Like they were like, yo, we're going hard today. Tomorrow we're gonna hurt, but we're going hard today. Yeah, because it was like beast mode times 10 out there. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.