
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Kassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, The Lakers Aren reportedly not interested in trading Austin Reeds unless it's for a top tier. Big man per Dan Wilke, Laker scouts and executives here in Chicago have openly spoken about the team needs at the center position and it's obvious priority for plink. In Reddick. The team has shown no interest in using res and a trade that net them anything less than a top tier.


Big. And there aren't any of those available with the two most common link in the earliest stages is obviously is Brooklyn, Nicks Claxton and Dallas. Daniel Gafford Reeves is one of the few tradable assets the Lakers have. Joe, what kind of player do you think trading Austin Reeves would net. The Lakers gotta be a big, they look at it for nothing but a big Mb. Nah, they ain't get no MB for no Austin Reed. That ain't possible. They ain't doing that Ojo. Philly ain't doing that. The money gotta lined up Ojo. Well when you said, I mean, well shit, now the money ain't gonna line up with nobody if you want beat anyway.


Well you might have to get off Officer Reed and Ruy. Okay. And and my man that was starting at the center spot o Jackson Hayes. Yeah you can because they gonna need a be, they need a be in return. Right. Okay. Well Jackson Hayes gonna be a friend so you gonna let you sign it and package him? Yeah, I mean you have to make the deal work. He might get blessed from that. Right, right. Yeah, because Joelle is about to, and I don't know, is he about to enter, does he have another year? Because he just signed a, he signed a three year, $193 million extension. And I, I know the Lakers wanna make a big splash. They ain't really trying to go out here and just the Lakers always do Big Splash. They ain't tried to do that.


Mediocre. Yeah, they wanna, they started with Will and then it came with Kareem and You know they got Shaq, they got LeBron, they got Ad Luca, Luka. Yes. They better not let Joel B go over there with Luca and LeBron. It's played out for man. Yeah, so it, so it kicks in this year, right? 25, 26, 27. Yeah. So his, the option kicks in this year. So next year in 26. Oh, okay. 28. So how, how, what's his base salary for this year? 50 Gotta be like 55, 56, 52.


Yeah. 52. Yeah. Oh two. Damn Boy. Getting to the money Y ain't there. Base salary, Man. You see I told you yo, about to sign three year 2 21. Yeah. Three, three year 2 23 year. Three year 3 22 21. That's 70. That's 70 what? 71 meal? 71 7 50. However you want to slice it up? Yeah, he worth it. Listen, every penny look because he gonna play for a long time. That's, that's, yeah, he gonna play for a minute. He gonna play for a good minute the way he play below the rim.


Right. I mean and when, when he done you will never hear from him again. He'd be just like Tim Duncan. Yep. He might be worse than Tim Duncan. 'cause he gonna go back to Serbia and you'll never hear from him again. Yeah, he don't be on his farm with his horses. Yep. Horses. Yep. He ain't gonna hear nothing from him. Ar is coming off his best season yet, averaging 20 points, four and a half rebounds, five and a half, 5.8 assist shooting 46% from the floor. And he's gotten better and better from his un from an undrafted rookie. Yeah. To his first year. To his second year to this year. He's been sensational. He's gotten better and better every single year. He has man, he, he, he is been unbelievable for the Lakers as a real option.


Especially after they got Luca. Even before they got Luca. I thought he was trending in the right direction, playing great basketball. His package as far as offensively has, has enhanced over the years. He's gotten better and better. He off to dribble, catch and shoot. I don't really think he have, he don't have much of a weakness to me on Osho outside of probably defending on the perimeter, which is Yeah, he ain't gonna be able to defend him and that. But I mean, yeah, we don't, we don't really look at the guy to slide the IES like that. He can get to, he can get all the way to the rim can finish. I agree with you. I don't think he has a whole lot of weaknesses.


Just that he needs to work on his, his, You know, his ability to defend. And it's hard because You know you don't wanna get beat on your first dribble. Right. First or second because that way help can't come quick enough. And if it does get there, that's so far outta a position, ain't nobody being able to get back. Right. So, and now you got him and Luca on the court, so you got two guys that really can't defend off the first dribble. It's tough. Yep. It showed, it showed in that T World series that was us. Yes. Was a Yeah, because they, Eric kept putting, he put, they put an, they put him Luca in the pick and roll and then Anne would put won't ru in the pick and roll like off the, he wasn't even just an though McDaniels he was, he was being aggressive offensively going at who?


If Luca or or ar was guarding them, he was going at them as well. Like they didn't, they didn't let them dudes off the hook. It didn't matter where you was at. You can play high and seek all you want to. We gonna find you. Hey, that's what you do when you get a, when you get a fish on the line. What? You know, Hey, when you hold him, you don't let him get, don't let him get, don't let him off. Don't give him too much slack because you getting too little slack. He gonna jump off there but you don't wanna put him too hard 'cause he break your line. Hey, just hold it. Just hold it. I'm gonna get you to the boat, son. Yeah. You going home today? You going home? Either you going to the pen or you're going on the wall, but you're coming home with One of Them. Yeah, that's the only two options. The pen. Oh. Or the wall City council members in San Antonio have filed paperwork to consider renaming their airport after Spurs president and recently retired head coach Greg Popovich, the proposed name, the San Antonio Greg Popovich International airport.


That's all right. Yeah, I like that. That's all right. I like that. Especially for pop all he's done. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, he means he means a lot to that organization. The city San Antonio. They ain't got nothing else going on in there. Nah, he run, he running Vans over there, man. The Alamo. That's all y'all got going on there. Oh, you been there before? I have. It's nice. No River, River. They asked about the river walk. Yeah, that's where asked from. She be hyping it up. It's okay. Ocho it's they got, they got the rodeo down. They got the rodeo or something. Yeah, they got, yeah. Okay. Okay. So is a, If you into that kind of thing Like Houston, It ain't like Houston.


Nah, San Antonio ain't nothing like Houston. Nah, I mean Ojo, I mean OD Need you Ocho It's Texas Ocho, it's Texas O Joe. I need ocho. Please don't mention Houston. I need you to help me out Bro. I'm in Houston right now. That's why, that's why, that's why I just, I need you to help me out. Okay. I'm sorry. My bad. You right. Yeah, Please. My bad, my bad, my bad. 49 ERs in Brock party has agreed to terms on a five year, $265 million contract extension, including a 181 million in total guarantees. The highest paid quarterbacks in the NFL based on a year to year basis. Right. Dak Prescott is 60 million.


Joe Burrow, Josh Allen, Jordan Love and Trevor Lawrence at 55,000,002 and 53.1 Brock Purdy 53 Jerry Goff at 53. That's a good number. Right where they have right where they have him slotted is a good number for him. Yeah, I mean you go Ocho you gotta think about it. The man made 2.9 million over the first three years of his career. Absolutely. Now he'll get a check every, every week for 2.9 million. I knew. Yeah. Absolute. Listen, he he deserved it. Hey, well, well deserved. Well deserved. Yes. I didn't, I didn't, I like Bre Purdy, I just didn't view him as the tier one type quarterback. No, he had a, a superior supporting cast around him.


You got Trent Williams, you had Deebo, you had Brandon Iuk, you got Christian McCaffery in the backfield kettle. How did he look? Once, once some of those pieces went away, it wasn't as pretty ojo. It wasn't as pretty, huh? It's all about ojo when real estate, what is this about? It's about location, location, location what in the NFL? It's about position, position, position. He plays a premium 'cause the no a a a a premium. He plays the the premium position. Yes. And so you like, man that house ain man, that house ain't worth no $40 million. Maybe if it wasn't in Bel Air. You are. Right. But it's in Bel Air it's absolutely worth $40 million.


Right. And if you want it, that's what you're gonna have to pay to get paid for. Yeah, well a starting quarterback in the NFL that's gone to a Super Bowl, he's gone to two NFC championships. He's won. That's what you're gonna have to pay to keep him. It's really, it's really, it's really that simple Ocho and You know all that man, he ain't worth that. He worked with somebody to pay for you And he, he pays, he plays very well in that offense. And that Shanahan off. Yes, he played very, very well. Look, actually he's probably worth more because he saved Kyle Shanahan and John Lynch's job. Job because they invested all that money in Tre in Trey Lands. Yeah. They gave up all that draft capital to get Trey Lands. They took this man as Mr. T and the last pick in the seventh round.


Mm. Now if you don't take him and you got Trey Lance and you done moved on from Trey Lance, you're gone. Yep. You gone? Yeah. Hey Uncle Ocho are you, didn't he didn't he there his acl L there Acl l last year in like first game Deebo gone. Right. Debo de with The commanders. Okay, so he got kis. Who else? Who else he who, who else he throwing? Brandon? Brandon and I. You could be back. Jwan Jennings. Ricky. Ricky Perso. Ricky Perol. Ricky Peral. Am I You gonna be back already after ACL? Yeah, No, yeah, ACL Don't take that long. Don't Take medicine different now or Joe Medicine different now.


Mm. And he did it, he did it real early so he'll definitely be back. So he did it like in September. So October, November, December, January, February, March, April, may, June, July. Oh yeah. He, oh Yeah, we got a, we got a few players coming back. We got, You know, Brandon, are you coming back off ACL Stefan did coming back off ACL and it seemed like they're recovering faster because obviously technology's a lot more advanced and You know, the rehab and stuff that they do is a lot more advanced. Yes. As opposed more so players are coming back faster than ever. Especially once you get over that mental, that mental block and understanding that you could trust your knee and then be comfortable cutting and moving. Oh man, that's, I mean that's, that's, that's the hardest part right there In just three seasons.


He's passed for 9,518 yards. 64 touchdowns, four playoff wins. NFC Championship and a Pro Bowl. So that's the go, that's the going rate. CJ Stroud is up next. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. CJ Stroud up next, don't you? Absolutely. Listen, he he finna get the bag. Yeah. The GU down. Yeah. And You know, pretty soon you gonna have Jayden Daniels and Caleb Williams, they gonna be coming down the pipe. Yeah. Them boys, they, they finna set the mark. Yeah. They finna have the quarterback out of control. Oh, they gonna reset it? Yeah. Yeah. That's 60 million. I mean, I mean, but Josh Allen got his whole contract guaranteed.


Mm. 2 65 ocho. Hey, Well no, what he got we're tacked on so it's like three 30. Hey, was that more than, what was Deshaun got? Deshaun got two 30 guaranteed. Yeah, they got the same agent. Now Deshaun had David Mulet, I don't know who Brock Purdy's agent is. David Ulta and I think Todd, all of them are athletes first. Right? Who's Todd? Who's Brock? Oh yeah, I've never heard of them.


Deshaun David mug Aletta is his agent. I think all them are of, are the athletes first. I thought Todd France, who had, who has Dak Cool. Who I be look at, look at CCO, Todd, Fred, I think he's at Athletes First. Okay. Yeah. So, But yeah, I I I agree with you Ocho I, I think Brock Purdy was deserving what had earned this, given what he had done. His resume, A Pro Bowl, a Super Bowl NFC championship game two.


He had been gone to two NFC championship game. Remember he tore his, his, his elbow messed his elbow up like the first snap. Yeah. That was a playoff game. What it, that was a playoff game. Yeah. And the championship game C the champ NFC championship game to the Eagles. Yeah. Show was. And so yeah, he, he was, he was earned it, he earned this, he earned this big payday. I like to see guys and I like to see team reward the players. Yes. You play well in, we're gonna reward you. Don't do all that haggling. I hate that they haggle all other positions except the quarterback position. He, They never do the quarterback position like that ever. Yeah. I, I, and I hate, I hate that. Look, look man, hey, I understand that he's important, but I've done my job.


I've gone to four Pro Bowls, I've been two or three time First team all pro. Right. And now you want to haggle me. They gonna always do it. They always, I'm trying to think who, so CJ's gonna be up next year. As a matter of fact, if I'm the Ravens, I go ahead and do something with Lamar. What you mean sign him? I I extend him. Yeah. Hell yeah. You gotta do it. You yeah, you gotta do it again at least probably some time in the middle. I bet they do something in the middle of the season. Watch, Either middle of the season or after the season. Next year. Next year. Yep. How many years they got left?


Shoot, he just signed that big one. He Signed a five year two something. Yeah. So what, this third year into that second year, this is the second year to it. Yeah. But you got certain people that's getting ready to overlap him and they ain't got no business. Yeah, no we were, Hey, well you see I, we just named 3 6 8 quarterbacks and we ain't mentioned Lamar. Hey Lamar's about, I think Lamar's about 50. They ain't got no business overlapping. Young Bull. Yeah. Damn. Well wait, excuse me, hold on. I gotta use the bathroom real quick. Hold on. Oh yeah, Well you better get him before he's, he best ride in with a Super Bowl because now you gotta pay him 70 million Lamar.


Yeah, he has two MVPs only The only guy on this list that have the MVP is Josh Allen. So Lamar has two. Dak doesn't have any, Joe doesn't have any, Joe has gone to the Super Bowl, but he's the only one. He and Brock Purdy that's on this list that's going to the Super Bowl. None of the other guys have being played in a championship game. Yeah, that's gonna be the separator for Lamar. If he can get him one, if he can win one, it's over. Man. It, it, it is definitely over. He can do that when they to back that brink truck up be, You know. Oh, for sure. But they definitely have the team, You know, they resigned. They resigned the, They didn't resign it. They extended him.


King Henry gave him 25,000,002 year extension, 25 million. They extended him. I like Rashad Bateman. I like the receiver core they got, they brought Andrews back, they brought Lively back. Likely Isaiah likely they brought him back. Look, the defense is gonna be solid again. Yeah. Offensive line is intact. Lamar's gonna be Lamar. So You know, they gonna be consistently, they gonna be pretty good. They gonna be there. Yep. They just got, You know, the hardest thing is to break it through that wall the first time. Once you break through, then all of a sudden it's just like it happened. Yeah. But that's the hardest thing. You see Josh Allen hadn't broken through yet because seemingly they have to go against ma homeboy.


Only handful of people have been able to steer him down in, in the, in the playoff game. Yeah. And that's been Joe Burrow did it and Tom Brady did it. Brady beat him in the Super Bowl once and Jalen hurts. Just got him. Yeah, but it's tough. It's tough Getting through that first time


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's S-P-A-C-E eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Boomer assassin. Damn. Boom. What happened? Went up Boomer and went off on Kayla Williams calling him entitled says he needs to shut up. Keep your mouth shut. You're going into the greatest league that's ever been for a sport we all love. You're going to have a chance one day to make 500 million because guys like me and guys before me all went on strike so you could actually make more money. So keep your potholes shut and go out there and play football and earn, earn your keep, earn your respect. Keep your pie hole, damn. Boom, boom, boom. I work, I worked with, I worked with Boomer and, and boom Snap at CCBs for a decade. And look, I have a personal relationship with him.


He's always been good to me. He's really, I mean he's really a great generous guy. But he will now he get on the radio, get on TV now he going Yeah. Yeah. He really feel, oh yeah, Yeah. He, he ain't gonna bite his tongue. He's, he like that for, he's been like that for a very long time. He has, he has Long time. So They, hey, these old, these old, these old school cats, man, they don't like these young dudes, these primadonnas coming in here getting all this money and come Uhuh And I, I I got, I i I got it a few times, Man. Oh yeah. Oh Shit. I was sitting next to him when he gave it to you a couple times. Oh, Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And I, Hey, hey Joe. I love it too.


Yeah. Yeah. I love man. Yeah. I think the thing is Joe, and you can look, I mean you made great money compared to the guys before you. Now the guys that came after you, they're making money now. In 10 years from now, guys that were making 40, $50 million. You like, man, they got this joke in here making 80. Can you believe Joe? He making 80 million. Man, That's crazy. That's just It. It, it is what it is. That's that. It's just, You know. Hey, it, once upon a time Ocho you could buy Cadillac for 3000. Yeah. You get a nice three bedroom, two bath brick home for 35,000 Thousand. Yeah. Timing is everything man. Bro, you can't even furnish your house now with 35,000 by the time you put, I mean, hey, I'm looking at them trying to get me some more patio furniture and I looked at the price of patio furniture.


I said, nah, don't worry about it. Crazy young. What? Yeah, crazy man. Four and $5,000 for a piece? Yeah. Oh no. One piece Like for, for like a section. They see three people A section. Okay. Patio furniture. I'm like, You know what, don't know nobody don't come here and swim in the pool anyway. I said don't even worry about it. I told you I don't even worry about it. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody, I ain't been in the pool. I ain't been in the pool since I've been here. Right. And I been here a year. Shelly had her feet in it. Her and her girlfriend had her feet in it. That's it. Yeah. You know how to swim or you scared? I do. I Do. Okay. Okay. Joe. You know to swim mean Like a Fish.


Oh yeah. Oh, I forgot you live on a property so I know you got a pool. Oh man. Go. This what we the country boys know, know how to swim on. Oh Yeah, I know. You know how to swim on. Oh what, what? Come on now. Every summertime as a little shorty, as a little legit. I used to bring in Charles how they pulled with all my homies. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. You know how to swim. Hey Look, I grew up in a boys club. Thrash boys and girls club in Little Rock. Man. They throw you in, they throw you in the deep end. Boy. You gotta how To swim. Yeah. Gotta learn. You got to. Yep. You go, you go up in the country. It's hard not to swim 'cause you're around water all the time. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. And then, You know, I got all these cousins and everything.


So hey, I was the youngest. Hey, if he could, hey, I saw them do it. They jump in. Hey, I jump in right behind him. Hey, knowing if they let something happen to me, ain't nobody going home. I know. I like everybody running away from home. Hey, hey Uncle Ocho in the country. You know they, I see people jumping in lakes and everything. I know Florida water out there Ocho. Y'all don't jumping no lakes or nothing, do you? Yeah. Yeah. You know Gator take your ass up under hey Lakes canals. That obviously the ocean, but any anybody of water people get in there. Boy you ain't, Hey Joe, you ain't just see the man with the alligator Canoe. He was canoe with his wife.


Oh. He was running from the cops. What? He jumped in the water with the alligator so the cops couldn't come and get him. And he sat there arguing with the cops and the gator. The gator right there by him. And the gator came close to him. He fighting with the gator and refusing to get out the wall. You ain't see that? Nah, the Gator ain't him up. Nah man, the Gator wasn't big enough to really hand him like he wanted to. But the Gator tried to, You know, take a little bite of him, but he was too small. Oh no. He was too small to do something with him. I, I don't, I, listen, I don't know how long it took the cops to get him out that water, but he was, he was in deep where they couldn't get to him and the guy. Boy, if that gator was any bigger No, I, I seen, I seen, I seen the story where a man and a woman, well canoeing and the gator took his wife.


What I started, I yeah, to the, the Gator took his wife, ADA's wife and I started thinking Mandy did that man take his wife out there on the canoe trip to get rid of what? And I I'm trying to understand how, how get the wife and not you. Well okay, they they only, they only attacked one person at a time. Yeah. That was Florida. That wasn't, that definitely wasn't Florida. It wasn't one Florida the canoe. Yeah. That Wase. It was Florida. It wasn't Florida. Yeah. They was talking about you need to watch, you need to be aware in Florida. Oh yeah. And, and keep small pets. 'cause a lot of times people getting their pants smashed 'cause they walking them close to the canal won't. Yeah.


And you gotta realize the gator's an ambush predator. Yeah. So he's going light his speed. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, Hey they short air in quickness is unbelievable. And you won't let You see that man. Hey, that little, that gator got that man pup dog. That man jumped in there, open the gator mile, earn the asen, earn the asen. Hey, hey you jumping in there and saying your dog like that. Oh absolutely. You jumping in there to grab a gator, open it. Yep. Yeah. You and I guess what? And guess what? And every gator I see from that point on, he gonna be dead. I'm gonna, I'm gonna be a vigilante and every gator I see he don stand a chance. He gonna be belly up.


You gonna be traumatized. You gonna be trauma? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, anything. Oh yeah. There it don't matter. They do something because like, like now I don't really like, but like when I like within, You know, I walk, walk my dog. When I was, when we had the dog, I always had that thing on me. Yeah. So I'm walking at night just in case. Yeah. Okay. So Bear, Bobcat, anything. Oh, you gonna get it? Yeah. Oh, you had that thing? What you carrying? What? You had an ar? What, what, what, what? No, I no Trying be hell you trying ar you thought you had, you had that Draco okay. No. Nah, nah. Hell no, man. Y'all ain't trying to take, take that no city.


I just want, I just want, I just want the Bobcat or the bear, whatever it is getting them to get up off me or my pets. NFL owners plan to vote next week on a new playoff sitting proposed by the Lions according to Albert Brear. If it gets past the number seven seeds in each conference will be decided strictly by their record. A non division winning team would be seated higher than a division champ if they have more wins. Oh. Why did, why what'd you think about that Ocho? Why They keep messing with the game? Huh? The whole thing is to win your division. You can't look and see the thing is you take one isolated incident. Tcho, you took Minnesota.


Okay. Minnesota was 14 and three. Yeah. Now there are lower seed than say somebody won 10. But you didn't win your division. Right. How many times have a a 14 win team hasn't won the division when it just so happens you was in the division with a team that was 15 and two. Right. Damn. Hey, The chance of that happens again. It ain't gonna happen like that again for No, it ain't gonna happen like that for, for a while. I, I just, just honestly me be the game alone. Leave the game alone. Leave it how it is. You know? I think we're we're well the people in position, they're Tinker too much. Yeah. They, they, they doing too much for it. I feel bad for people that play on the defensive side of the ball and I'm an offensive player.


Yeah. Are Handicap so much they can't even play what we have come to love and know as a game of football in this true art. You just can't, you can't need a game alone. Please Joe. You know they removed, they, I think in the NBA they removed division winners. Right. Did they remove division winners? Yeah. As far as getting higher seeds. Yeah. I don't think this an NBA Nah because it used to be like that. Yeah. If you won your division.


Yeah. You get an automatic Yeah. Yeah it did. No, I don't wanna do that. I don't, don't don't, don't do that. O Joe, the Steelers are working on a trade for Crystal la. They have the assets to give them a bunch of picks. Are the Saints tanking to get Arch Manning? What they doing O Joe? What the Saints doing? What really going on? Wait, Hold on. Arch Manning ain't, ain't wait. He's a sophomore, right? No. Junior. He'll be a junior. Yeah, He'll be a junior. Oh, so he coming out this year? He can come out. He could. I'm not saying that he will. He could because we know the Mannings they normally stay all four years.


Yeah. And could, You Know, both of his uncles did his, his dad got injured and had to, had to retire. Right. Imagine Give up football. Can you imagine Arch Man? Huh? Ain't They from around now, ain't they from New Orleans? They're from New Orleans? Yeah. New Orleans. Yeah. Archie got drafted by the Saints number two. Overall. Imagine if that, if if Archie go to the Saints boy and I, I, I like, and I also like that I like Carissa Lobe to the Steelers that gives Aren rods the nice target they give Aren Rogers a nice, a nice target. Now that'd be a good one-two combo. Actually. That's a one one combo. Yeah. 'cause Chris Ava ain't no goddamn number two. And You know d You know what DK Metcal could do?


Yeah. Bri Yeah. That'd be a nice little setup. Yeah. Aren Rogers gonna like that. Ocho said Aren Rogers gonna be the quarterback. Yeah, I could. Come on now you the, the rightness on the wall. You, you already know. You, You know how them, how they do Ocho speaking of New Orleans Joe, you're gonna love this. 10 New Orleans inmates escape jail by breaking a hole behind the toilet. After breaching the wall at the or New Orleans Justice Center in New Orleans, the inmates left through a door used to bring supplies around. 1:00 AM scaled a wall and ran across the interstate. The words too easy can be, can be seen written on the wall above the hole with the arrow pointed towards it.


According to a photo shared by the po, the sheriff's office, the escape wasn't discovered until hours later, about 8:30 AM with staff noticed them missing during the routine headcount. Man, that was a movie. What movie that was off for? Yeah, I shit it sounded like law abiding citizen a little bit. It just, it was just one person and not 10. Yeah. Yeah, it was another one. An older one. Imagine you put, they put too easy. Hey, this is too easy. Where they, where they gonna go with no money? Oh, they had a plan ocho. Huh? Hey, go hook. Hey, the thing here, look, they gonna go to where they're familiar. They gonna go where they're familiar. Make they home. They gonna go to family and friends instead of getting the far the hell away from Dodge.


Right. They gotta go somewhere. They know. Don't you, You, you don't have no choice. You can't go nowhere uncle, unless you got that kind of money. Huh? You, you can't go nowhere. Listen, I, if I'm breaking out, especially depending on how long, how long my time and my sentence was, if you serving life, okay, I get it. But if you, if you ain't got that long to go, what's the point? Yeah. Unless You and you, unless you in there for, for a elbow. I, that, that's, man, please. Yeah. You know alone now You know. Hey, anything. And if you, if you in there for a quarter or more. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Maybe even a dime. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, nah, A nick, I Think you can sweat that one out. You can swear the nick out Shut.


That ain't no joke. Why? Man, please. Hey, ain't no go back in the day. Hey. Oh, back in the day I said homeboy. He go, Hey, my homeboy fainted. The judge told him, say when you wake up telling he still got that time. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, I know, I know Kenman did Dimes and Yeah. Like it was nothing but boy, police got that fed time. He like, hey. He's like, judge, I can't do all that time. Yeah. The judge say do what you can. Yeah. My home, my homeboy way. Do what you can do what you can. I, I don't, I don't need you to do all of it, but just do what you Can. Hey, my homeboy just came home, UNC man, he just came over doing 17 fed time.


Woo. 17. They Gave you 54 days off of good behavior fed. He, if you be good the whole year, they give you 54 days off. Yeah. He, he came home. I say, well, well what it was like, You know, You know, during, during that kind of time, You know, didn't do, didn't, didn't talk, didn't tell, didn't do nothing. He did his time, hard time. And he say, man, them people, they think they gave me all that time and I was gonna be sad, but they gave me too much time to think. Mm. They got, they gave me too much time to think. And I just, and listen to, to, to hear that after all that time. And it still had that positive mindset and it, his mindsets are completely different. Yeah. He not the same person he was when he, when he, when he was out, I'm like, well damn.


What, who is, who is you now? So completely different. Damn. Well they gave me too much time to think. Yeah. I, I, I, I think I think better in my own bedroom and I don't think, I don't think, I don't think well around a whole bunch of people Joe. I don't know man. What can you, Hey, you gotta, you gotta live like that with a, with a man sleeping on top bunk or bunk. Oh no sir. Man. Hey, hey. You know. Hey, when you in the feds now, I ain't never been there. I'm just telling you what I heard. It is like, it is like let's, it is luxurious. Nah, it all depends on what type of fed you got. Now. If you got the white collar friend Times.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You got them a a, a, a medium security Right. Work release program. Yay. Where you, Hey, did they send your answer to that federal prison? Not no morelin or they or they send you with that Fed prison in, in college in Florence, Colorado. That what? Yeah, 1 23 hour lockdown. 23 hour what? 23 hour lockdown. Man, listen, I need, I need my, I need my video game. I can't do it. You ain't getting that bro. I Can't. I can't. That's what they said. That's what they said. The worst of the worst. They send the uni bomber. They send mo mofos like that.


Right, right, Right, Right, right. People that blew up the World Trade Center, that's where they go. Damn. What's the name? El Chapo shorty. I I thought the invisible was in New York. Nah, it was Chapel in Florence, Colorado. So they moved him. Dang. Yeah. Dang. Mm. Yeah. So, no, I'm good. I kinda like the outside. Me too. I like I'm too. Yeah, I'm good. I'm good right here. Alright, we're gonna get you out here on this one guys. It is time for our final segment of the evening. Now it's time for Q and a.


Yeah. Look Chad, we know Ocho. What Chad want us to talk about? AB was arrested for firing shots at people. Correct? At in, in the ceiling of his home. I guess. Who, what? Oh, he was outside firing shots in the air. Who? Ab We ain't discussing that. Well I was On the plane Just now. Oh Shit. J do from Akron. Congrats on your son's graduation. Thank you. He's talking to you Ocho. Yeah. He smashed you in fellow Cinco. He would, Nah, you won't beat me in fellow Cinco. Thank you. He Say your son would beat you in spell Cinco.


I now ain't nobody beat boy. I went to Harvard, boy. I went to Harvard, my son and graduated from Arizona State. That let You know who the smartest, smartest person is. And obviously I I see he get the smartest from his mom. Nah, well that's what they say. They say smarts, kids smarts come from the mother's side. It's, and hey, this momma did a hell of a job, man. All Those. Yeah. I can't, I can't say I, I I disagree with that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. All those I have kids. Hey, hey lemme, lemme tell you something Uncle Joe. Joe. I didn't do, I didn't do things the traditional way. Right. You know? Right. He do a traditional way. But one thing about God man, he don't make no mistakes. And boy, those I have kids from, they did one hell of a effing job with the kids boy.


Yeah. Man. Like, yeah. Ah Lee. Man, good job. I mean I ain't do that. Two of my three. Think About that. I didn't wanna do graduation today Joe. Right. Yeah. My son graduated. I done flew to Houston. I had to make sure I got to Houston in time so I can do Nightcap and my daughter graduated from Prairie View a and m in the morning. Mm. My son graduated on Monday, bro. He graduated from high school. For real. That's You only got one kid, Joe? Nah, I got three, my son 18, my daughter is 11 and I got a three old little boy, Joe. You Gotta keep joke. Right. You got spaced out. That's it. Yeah. Seven years apart. But they, that wasn't my doing Uncle Ocho.


Yeah. You gotta, you gotta get back in there Joe. That they didn't Get back in. Where Well, you can't, well you can't get on all numbers. That's bad luck. Yes you can. I got two boys. I got two boys, one girl. I'm cool Man. I'm man. A, a, a, a, a Chop sue it. You done No more kids aren't you? What Wrong with you and you tripping Man. Damn. Oh Ojo man stop that. Why he he, he being a quittle No, a quitter on. What About you ain't having no more kid. Don't be a quitter. That's first thing. We Ain't practic now. I ain't trying to play no game. I'm just practicing. Hey, Hey Ojo.


Huh? Them kids, Kids expensive time. Like, oh no, no kids expensive. What you choose to buy is No, today's time it's hard to you not raising no kids like you and I got raised ojo like Joe got raised. Right. You not doing that. My grandfather used to always tell us, he'd say, boy, the worst kind of poor you can be is child poor. Well because hey, I don't know about y'all. I'm finna have twins. You go right ahead. You gonna have Twin. Yeah. I'm finna have twins now. I'm done. I'm done. I mean this Gonna put you, that's gonna put you at what, 10 Right at 10 And I'm done. I'm done.


The only thing I want twins, they better, they better be, they better be car, cars or bank accounts. They're the only twins I want. Hey, I'm Trying. Hey bro. It's so funny. I'm trying not to laugh. Right. You know, I want, You know, I had my work done, right? Yeah. I was cutting my, I was cutting my hair. You know the, the oil joke, You know the oil they you to put on the clippers? Yeah. I dumb ass forgetting. I had work done. I went and tried to bite it and twist it off. My whole tooth done popped off. Right. So I'm trying, I'm trying to be careful and laughing. I'm hoping, I was hoping I be doing the shot. I hope it fell out.


But it ain't fell, fell out. Did You, did you put something on it still? Or you just thinking I But it it's just sitting there. It's just sitting. I'm hoping if I, I thought, I thought I don't bite nothing. Huh? I don't bite nothing with these. Yeah, I listen. Hey, I forgot. I forgot it. It, it, it then dawned on me until I'm sitting there biting the up. No, trying to twist the top off. Been the damn tooth done went fo shit. Hey. Oh hey. I don't bite up with the front of my teeth. I bite everything with the side over the Side. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Hey, so if I look straight on you, okay. You'll Never know. Hey, on the side look like a jack ladder.


But now I got, I gotta gotta find a dentist I in, in Houston. But tomorrow, Sunday. Hey, everything close. So I gotta Tomorrow, Tomorrow Saturday bro. Oh yeah. Hell him. Tomorrow's Saturday. He don't know where he at. Okay. So the dentist ain't for tomorrow then You have to pay extra to get him to come in. But yeah, he helped. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna get, I gotta get it. I gotta get it get it bonded man. Yeah, that probably, that probably cost you, that probably cost you about 2000, 3000. Come on. Nah, I ain't, he got it. Okay. He got it. What? I just need to get it bonded back. That's about $80. Man. Come on. You must be going CVS or Walgreens talking about getting off man, please.


Okay. Oh, so, so you'll pay that man 2000, 3000 to put your tool back in. But you won't pay me my money and It's not gonna cost that much. Y'all just, y'all creating a number. I'm just, no, I'm telling You'all choice go gonna cost what it cost to put back in. I'm telling you. No, that's, That's too everybody cost you a thousand. First of all. That's an emergency. So you got him coming in. 'cause most dentist offices aren't open on Saturday. Right now you gotta call and hope somebody knows the dentist. I think dentist offices are open on Saturday. They just closed a little earlier than normal. No, they're not open on Saturdays. Anybody in the chat, y'all know a dentist office I can go to man to make sure my tooth don't fall out. Man. Where you at bro?


What? What you say? You in Houston? I mean, I'm literally in Houston right downtown. I'm in, I'm in a club right now, Joe. I swear to God I'm in the club. I'm just in the back office. It's called. It's Cracking. It's cracking. It is like that. It is crowded. Huh? Oh Joe, I just told you don't mention Houston. I just told you that I didn't, I didn't say Houston. You did say Houston. No, I was talking about Alan Houston. The basketball Said said ugly and Ocho. Where the after party at? At the Charlie Show play Ton of spade for Ocho Cartiers or some Shaa. BSOP didn't wanna mess up Granny's name.


Mm. Somebody calling y'all out man. Right. I ain't call ain't calling me out because you, you definitely, we could, we could, we could play for whatever, not these Cartiers. 'cause You know I need them, but we could, we could put some money on it. Shit. Make it light on yourself now. I don't know O Joe. I gotta, I gotta see you play a couple times before you, I bring you on as a partner now. Hey, he like, he might be reneging in some more. Yeah. Nah, I ain't, I ain't gonna, Rene listen, spade is what I do now. I don't play. No, I don't play no game. It's one, there's one thing about it. I do it. I, there's a lot of things in life. I play with it. Spades ain't one of them. I know. Joe. I have to, I I might need to see you play. I might need to see you play a couple of hands.


All Right, I got you. And see how, and see how well you can read the board. Well, I can read the board how well you can, because you need to be able to read your partner. I can't, if your partner, Not only can I read my partner, I already know what's going happen. Listen, I, when I go to Vegas, I know how to read cars. They don't even let me in the MGM no more. I can't even go to no casinos. 'cause I know how to read cars. I learned to beat the machine. I learned to beat. Well First of all, it's not counting, it's not called reading cards. It's called counting. So that way I know you count Them or read 'em and say it's all the same thing. Count 'em or read them. I can't even go to Vegas no more. I'm banned. David d. Crew said Ocho Joe, if your barber messes up your cut, do you say something or did you not just never go back?


I ain't gonna lie. It is been times Boy barber. Then, then, then mess me up. Yeah. I I ain't, I I ain't going back. For real. Like if I'm on the road, let's say like when I was playing and we'd be on the road and I needed to cut and I asked somebody, Hey man, send me somebody to, You know, who can cut. And he cut, cut me up and, and it was horrible. Yeah. I may not say nothing to him, but I'm gonna tell this man. Somebody, man, you done sent this dude up here, man. Hey Joe. As a matter of fact, I know the dude that cut your hair. He from Little Rock. He from Little Rock. He hit off the hook. Yeah. Amari. Yeah. Little short dude. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I call him people. Brion you talking about, huh?


We might be talking about two different people. They're the little dude. He either the off the hook. He from, he a homeboy. He said, man, Joe, my homeboy. I be cutting Joe up. Yeah. What, what was his, what was his name? Dre or Amari? I don't know his name, but I call him Peabo. Well, both of them from Little Rock. And they both live, they both out here in Amari. Cut my hair now. He been cutting my hair for about two years now. Dope. Dope.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into Hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids by childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I gotta, I gotta find out from Joe. What's, what's a pbo real name, man. You know, you call somebody a nickname so long Joe, you don't even know their real name. Not their real name. Yep. So, hey man, You know, such and such. I say no, he, because when people ask me, Hey, sharp, you remember such and such? I say from Savannah State, I said, do you have a nickname? Right? Yeah. They called him. Oh, say, yeah, I know exactly who you're talking about. Or a former nickname. You know, call somebody a nickname for twenty five, thirty years. Yeah. Man. Don't ask me their real name. Right. Because we don't know. Because I don't know it. Nah, I, I, I explain. Look, I've only had a handful of barbers, especially like Joe, who's my barber in Atlanta. He's been cutting my hair since 94.


So he's been cutting my hair 30 years. Nobody else has ever cut my hair in Atlanta except him growing up. A guy that, a guy named Mr. Mr. Al, Reverend Green. Yeah. And a dude, they, Bob Lee Wilkins cut my hair. Then when I couldn't find him, Luther Mayer cut my hair and then I went to college. You know, you go to college, you find out one of your teammates can cut them. Two, $2, two feet of haircuts come in handy. Yeah. So a dude named Coop and then they had a, a homeboy named Mud cut my hair. Yeah. I got, I got a young cat out here named Amari.


He from Little Rock, but when I met him, I didn't know he from Little Rock. I just seen his work on ig Right. And I in Atlanta. And I just hit him up and I went and got a cut. And then he started telling me he, he went to Park View High School that's in Little Rock. That's same high school. Right. My mom went to So the, the dude that cut you, is he short? Nah, this dude I'm talking about ain't short. Okay. But the dude named Dre who used to cut my hair he a little shorter than Amari, but yeah. Okay. That's, that's probably who it is. Dre, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said as my grandma used to say, Lord, if this ain't the best podcast, I say, glory great show fam Doc, thank you so much.


Thank you for your support. Joe, you don't know Doc Dr. Frankie Belman, but she probably was one of our first five subscribers. Oh really? She's been to all, she came to our first, our very first road show that was in Vegas. She was there. The Atlanta show. She was there. The New Orleans show. She was there. She's probably gonna be at the Charlotte Show also. I mean, she's been, I mean our fa our family, our f supporters at Nightcap, they support, They come big time. So Doc and, and she found out my brother was gonna be playing, I think it's at Myrtle Beach. And she always goes down there and say, man, look here, I got a a, one of our listeners on Nightcap, her name is Dr.


Frankie AB Bellamy. She gonna come up, say, what's up? And sure enough, he, she said she came up Green Grimer said two picks, ice picks, quick picks Nixon six mm. I like it. Big Mike said, go New York, Ocho talk your talk. Yeah. Listen, I'm, I'm a he fan. I'm a he fan and I'm, I was only going for the Knicks to piss off my baby. I'm, I'm sure she's watching, she's emotionally unstable right now. She was crying because obviously Boston went home. I've never seen someone love a team that much. You know where you invested that much time and that much. Hell no. Be motioned into a team crying.


Yeah. Whatcha you doing Shannon? I hope, yeah. If I lose, I might cry. I ain't crying Somebody else lose. Hey, I hope you okay Mama. Go Nix Mad dos and I hope fans are understanding better how this Second Apron works. Celtics and the Warriors are a perfect example of how it affects championship windows. Oj they did it so because they didn't want teams to be like, to be able to do what the Warriors did by getting KD and have KD and have Steph and have Clay and have Draymond. They don't want that. They don't want the big, the big three Miami heat again, they don't want that. Right. You could do it, but you gonna be paying $200 million in luxury tax.


Right. And then you get up in that second apron and become a repeater. Okay. Yeah. Let us laugh. Ocho iso, in your opinion, which NBA team had the worst finals loss? The worst finals loss? Yeah. Probably would be somebody who got swept. Right. That was probably supposed to win the series and got swept. Yeah. Worst finals loss. The makers have to be up there when they got beat by Detroit.


It might be, it might be when he, it might be the heat when they got beat by the Mavericks. It might be Houston when they beat Orlando with Penny and Shaq. Yeah. But Elijah all was on a different level. Shaq was on a different level too. Shaq was young. I know he was young, but he was still dominating the league. They couldn't do nothing with him. It's just not only was Elijah one great, but the guys around him played Ken Smith hit those seven threes that one game. Yeah, I think. But think about it. They had Shaq and Kobe and they got Gentleman Sweet by the, by By, by by Detroit. He was a Detroit team during that time.


Rasheed Wallace, Rick Hamilton, Rasheed, big Ben Wallace. Chauncey Hamilton and Tayshawn. Yeah, Tayshawn Prince. Okay. I think they had McNight. I think McNight came off the bench. Didn't they have McKnights coming off the bench? He might, he might've came off the bench then. But you think, I don't think that's, I don't think that's worse than the, the Houston boy look here before. But McKnights messed that knee up boy. When he was in Denver. I was in Denver when he was there. You were Nice. You what? And man, jump out the gym boy. See? Oh yes. Oh yes. McKnight was like that. Jump out the gym like Shannon Brown jump out the gym. Yeah, boy, he was six. He was six eight and jumped like that. Yeah, I played with, I played with Mcny in Phoenix.


Obviously it was later in his career, but yeah man, he played at Alabama. So I'm, I'm a SEC guy so I always kept up with them dudes. Man. Dude, all them guys from Alabama can jump. Robert Orry. People don't realize. Robert Orry used to play above the rim before he messed his back up and just started shooting threes. But when he first got, when he first got to the league. Right. Oh Lord. What? What? Jason Richardson. Michigan State. Michigan State. Well he could jump too. He was another, he, His son can jump too. Well buddy. Who? Who? His son. His son. He got a son. Yeah. He jumped like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But Mck mc, Antonio Mc Ds was real nice. I was in Denver when he got there. Yeah. All them guys.


Mutombo, Jalen Rose, Rodney Rogers. Yeah. McNight Meow. Yeah. All them. Hmm. Deshaun Allen. Who do you think is the strictest coach in the NBA back in the day? Chuck Daley. Pat Riley or KC Jones. I mean, Well there somebody more strict than Pat. Pat. Yeah I was, I don't know. I don't either. Pat, pat run a tight ship over there, man. I think he been doing that since, since the days he coached with the what? The Knicks and the Lakers? Yeah. Yeah. I, magic, magic said he was, he was like that when Magic got him.


So, and then, You know we went to the, he went to the Knicks and boy, the thing about it, they had Mason, they had, they had Oak Charles, they had Xavier McDaniel, Charles Smith Big. He coached all them. Yeah, they had, boy, they had a, a team full of power for it. That's it. Hey, come to the A. That's what they say. Come to the pain if you want to. Yeah, you come the first time you ain't coming back. I bet you no. So they put you on that flow. For sure. Smacks in halftime said, Hey Joe. Ocho start bench cut Luca ant man SGA. All right. You go man, if y'all do this one more time, I'm going with NSGA.


Oh. So you cutting Luca. I said, I said what? I said O Joe ain't what? Said I don't know what else you want from me. I said what I said, but I wanna know who you starting on. What you said. You said I gotta start one bitch, one start, Start, start cutting bench. I'm going SGA You gonna start SGA Say that Po Luca. Hey, hey Joe. They got me last night. They, they gave me to Randy Moss and damn Calvin Johnson. Come On man. Come my My point exactly made right now. Yeah, man. Think You can't cut and leave every one of them off.


Huh? You gotta cus somebody, man, come on. Same thing. Said What? You going away Ojo. Shoot, I listen, I, I'm, I love the personality of of Ant man and you can't go wrong. It's a toss up between an SGA So I'm starting, I'm starting an, I'm benching SGA and I'm cutting Luca. Damn. Alright. What you doing? You, you gotta be careful on this one. I got the next one. I got the next question. Okay. You got another start? Bitch cut. What's the next one?


Aren? No ass. Start bench cut. Chase Ocho, AJ Green. Oh, that's easy. I got That Joe Lip. Aj, I'm sorry bro. Wow. And J I'm sorry. No, no, no. I'm Star, I'm I'm starting Chase. Benching, benching. Aj I'm cutting me. Nah, I'ma I'm gonna start Chase Ocho. I'm sorry Ocho. If something, if Chase need a bro, need a breather, I'll send you in. Other than that. Hey. Nah aj, I'm sorry aj, I gotta, I gotta go with my dog Ocho he gotta get him into the game. Nah, fuck that. You know, You know it's funny when, whenever come to any kind of rankings, boy I always put everybody before me. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't be caring.


Nah, they gotta be, I gotta really think they go before me before I put 'em before me. I ain't just putting somebody up there just to be humble. That ain't happening. Right. Hey Sanjay, San said Ocho, UNC and Ocho. You're an NFL general manager. Who's your first pick date or alive? First pick. Yeah. Start a franchise with obviously right? Yep. I'm taking Brady, You can't go wrong at the quarterback position. If you give an offensive player. I'm taking Tom Brady. You gimme a defensive player. I'm taking lt. Well I was gonna say, I'm gonna say LT defensively. I gonna say lt.


Yeah. Quarter. I'm start with, I, if you start with any other position on offense, you, you crazy. I'm taking a quarterback, I'm taking Tom. Then defensive player, I'm taking lt, Gimme, gimme, I'm, gimme, gimme Joe Montana. Okay. And gimme LT on the other side. Who you start, who you start your franchise with? Joe? Yeah. Oh Joe. Everybody What he said? Joe say he starting a franchise with ocho.


I'm probably, I'm probably gonna go with, I'm probably go with my homes. Okay. On defense. I don't know. I say, I say Ray, I say Ray Lewis Gold. Okay. Even that's a good one. Even after you saw what I did to Ray, you gonna pick Ray. Well I seen Ray smack. You come across that Miller that That's one play. What what about the other hundred plays that smacked him And did you ran into him in the end zone and knocked yourself out? That's what I seen. That's, That's, that's one time. Oh did he? No he hit. Oh he hit him CR coming across the middle and knocked his helmet off.


Yeah. Oh. You saw I got up finna beat his ass right as I got up. What? So what happened? What we were playing real, He up what Ing what? Re had to hold me back. Oh. Hey, hey y'all about sleep Ray ass boy. Hey, I got hit. Hey I jumped for the, I jumped for the ball man. He hit me up underneath my chin. My helmet went flying. Good. Did you Hey I sw for God Joe, before I hit the ground, man I was getting up. I was, I was trying to get up before I I thought Your head was in that helmet. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Royal finna get these hands and let tell you, lemme tell you about the story Joe. Go ahead. We stopped.


So I waited for Ray outside the locker room and I think he went out the back door. 'cause I, we, we gonna have to square up. Yeah. Like he hit me like that. So I went to the team bus and was banging on the, You know, banging on the door and he ain't never come outside. Yeah, yeah. You know, You know call nor, You know they call me hella hands. Right? Yeah. Yeah. They call me hella hands. I ain't Know that. Yeah, that's why I ran on a fight sometimes like if I fight somebody it's like, it feel like you fighting two people. Like that's, that's why they call me hella hands. Yeah, they call you hella leg because you gonna run. Yeah. I I mean if, if I, if you call a route. Yeah, I'm gonna run. That's about the only time Ki Norwood Jr.


Asked. Oh, my question is, what are your top four old school cars? Mm ooh. A 70 Chevelle, 4 56 Kyle Duction, LS 6 19 69 Camaro. I would say 1970 or 71 Cuda. And then just for good measures, I take the two 50 GTO Ojo.


That ain't really no, that ain't really no old, that ain't really no old school. And I ain't really tried to spend, You know, 25, 30, $40 million for a car. So I go another old school. I'll go, I'll take a, I'll take a 4, 4 2 cut or I'll take a Cut. Yeah. Okay. Or I'll take, I'll take a GTO God take over or a Ram Air. So first one I, I want that, I want that, that Chevelle? Yeah. Well nice. Got it. That Chavelle that's the first, that's the first Chavelle Kyle induction 4 56.


I got a seven. I got a 71 Chevelle Black and Gray. And I got a 72 Impala big body drop. Wait, Chevy Chevy. Huh? A Convertible 72. Yeah. Yeah. You wanna sell it? Do I want to sell it? You want one? You Looking for one man, I've been looking for a don for the longest. For for a decent, you Had all them dongs and you got rid of them. What? All, all Zo all Zos bought 'em off me. They, now they in Miami. It ain't even about like for me, I, I did like six Chevys when I was, so me and my homeboy had something. When, when I move, You know, we all move as one. I ain't want nobody, but it's all about racing and going fast. Now I just, I just, I'm about looking good.


You want, I don't wanna go fast. Everybody, everybody turned all the, the dumps in Miami and the race cars. Yeah. You got a box. You got a box Chevy? Nah, I ain't, I ain't like the box Chevy. I hate, I hate the box Chevy. I've, I've always hated it. Nah, I ain't no box Chevy. I ain't no no box Chevy guy either. I'm gonna get an old school car. One day I had LTD, y'all know the LTD of the L dog? I had, I had one of them in high school. Real, Hey look, I had one of them in high school. Boy, we had to stop me and the homies had to stop you five, 10 minutes just to put some oil in it. I, I you took, I about to say that you had to stop every, oh y'all, that's the one thing about them old car boy, that's some work.


You gotta do some work with them old cars boy. Because you gotta realize them cars 50 years old, they meant to be driven on the rig. So hey boy, hey pull that car side the road. Don't be licking that all up on my grass killing my grass. Hey Boy, look everyone, that thing ain't even me staying in the driveway, You know? Absolutely. My grandma did not see that. Concludes this episode of Nightcap as you watch the New York Knicks advance to the Eastern Conference finals with a 1 19 81 victory over the Boston Celtics. They played four guys with 20 plus points or more. Josh Hart had a triple double and, and Miles McBride came off the bench and chipped there with ten six guys with double figures.


Josh Hart triple double four other guys with at least 20 points as they steamrolled a Boston Celtics into the Eastern Conference. One 19 to 81, they'll face the Indiana Pacers starting on Tuesday. Thank you guys for watching another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know who I am. I am your favorite org. Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host is from Liberty City. He's a bingo ring of Fame honoree, a pro bowler and an all pro. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and also our co-host to talk all things basketball championship playoff basketball from the University of Arkansas, little Rock, Arkansas native. That's ISO Joe, that's Joe Johnson. Thank you. Another great job on the show tonight.


Thank you. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. Every podcast subscriber counts and thanks to you, we matter. You made us matter. Thank you guys for tuning in every time UNC Ocho come home and then we have special guests. Like Joe, you've shown love and support. We cannot thank you enough for doing that and hopefully you'll continue to support us. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Now if you can't find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door, the best testing BSOP premium cognac on the market.


Try it for yourself. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Please drink responsible and stay safe. Go follow by media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be filed@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now and check out your boy and OCHO and we got a special guest. Who knows, Joe might even be tagging along with us to a couple of stops.


Alright, so thank you guys for watching again. We are off tomorrow, right? We're off tomorrow. We'll see you on Sunday. Thank you guys. Five straight days and you guys have joined us each and every day, so we can't thank you enough for your support and your continued support. So we are off tomorrow, but we'll see you Sunday at five o'clock Pacific time. Eight o'clock Easter Peace. The Volume,


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Sue, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.