
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA A all 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for a very special edition of Nightcap. Oh, what a game. What a game. What a game. The two best teams in the NBA Lockhorn and the game was everything that you expected to, to beat, but the Cleveland Cavaliers prevailed to move to 32 and four while the KC and Thunder fall to 30 and six. But it was a very, very interesting ballgame. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, that guy. Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree team. Didn't make the playoffs. Pro bowler all pro. Y'all know they play it all day. Nobody wanna see us. Y'all didn't wanna win no games until September, October, November either. So I guess we were, y'all didn't want 'em. Y'all didn't want it.


They didn't want it. But everybody got what they deserved, what they earned. Anyway, y'all though. So thank you again for joining us. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you. Starting off 2025, you guys have shown your support 2324, and thank you for the continued support in 25. Make sure you make sure you check out Shaa ba la Porter. We have it in stock. I know some of you guys are still celebrating and what better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea ba la Porter. Now if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, we're about to be in Illinois. We're about to be in Florida. We're in the DC Maryland.


We are in the DC, Maryland, Virginia area. So if we're not in an area that you can find it, order it and we'll ship it directly to you. And please drink responsibly. Go check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I knew it's released, just dropped last month. T-shirts, sweats, beanies, coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make you grab, make sure you grab yours while supplies last tickets for the Super Bowl show. Our first tour stop is in New Orleans, and that's February the sixth. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. We got some great guests lined up for you.


Please, please, Titus, stop, lay down, please make sure you join us. You don't wanna miss this. And I wanna send us, we, everybody here at Nightcap wanna send our thoughts and prayers to everyone that's being impacted by the wildfires in California. So thoughts and prayers go out to you and yours. Hopefully everybody stay safe. Please stay vigilant. But we know there are a lot of people that's been displaced. Some people have lost all their possessions, but you have life. And so let's hate, let's clinging to that. You didn't lose the most important things. All those things can be replaced, life cannot be replaced. And I know some of those are keepsakes and memorabilia and all that, but I, I pray for everybody gets, gets out of this thing healthy and gets back to some normalcy very, very soon.


So our thoughts and prayers from everyone here at the Nightcap family to those impacted by the wildfires going on in LA ocho, the Cavs, as we've talked about a little earlier, the Cavs end, the ma the Thunder 15 game win streak. And it was a battle. A great, this is what it should be when the two of the best to the two best teams in the NBA when they lock horns. Yeah, this is what it should be. But the lyrics prevailed 1 29 to 1 22. Jared Allen had a monster night, 25 points, 12 rebounds, six assists, six assists. He was plus seven. Evan Mobley 21 and 10 D or Wade 11 points.


Donovan Mitchell did not have the best night shooting. Yeah, he was three of 16. 2 0 7 from the floor from the three point line. Three or four, he only had 11 points. Darius Garland had 18 points, but they got great production off the bench from Mike Spruce. Ty Jerone, 17 points, 15 points respectively. And they were able to overcome Shaa. Gill gis Alexander, he had 31. He's right there with Nicola Yoki and, and Giannis for the MVP this year. Jamal Williams. Jalen Williams, excuse me. Jalen Williams had 25. Wallace had 15, but they played really well, but it was just too much that size that the, the Cavaliers have. Evan Mobley goes about six foot six 11.


Yeah. Jared Allen goes six 10. Yeah. And they did a great job on the glass guy. Isaiah Hart still got in trouble, fo trouble early, so he wasn't able to play the, his normal minutes. But I, I like Hartenstein, man. I, I really like him. He's an effort guy. He plays hard. He goes out and do it, does all the grunt work, set great screens, Ocho rebounds for the basketball. But he can do a little bit of everything. He can pass the basketball, he can score right around the basket. Gets a lot of cleanup. You don't have to run plays for him. But I like what I saw tonight. These are the two best teams. I know the Celtics are the defending champs, right? But these are the two best teams that's currently in the NBA. Yeah, listen, I think, I think OKC missed. They miss, they miss she, they, they miss them.


Especially, they, especially with the lineup tonight. They were having, we, they're having huge problems with the two bigs obviously. And they can move the ball up and down the court, you know, and transition effortless effortlessly, you know, and like shit de despite, despite Donovan Mitchell not shooting the ball. Well I mean the, the rest of the team played extremely well. They did What, what's, what's, Which one? If you had A Darius Garland? No, no, not Garland. God damn what's his name? Who for Who for what team? OKC we're number two. Shay. Yeah, Shay, that's, that's what I'm trying to think of. I'm trying to think of Shay's name. If you had a MVP right now, if she's stealing your running again this year.


Yes, yes. Him, Nicole, it's, it's the same character characters right now. I would have Nico Yoic, he's averaging 30, 14 and nine. It's hard to overlook that. But Shane's right to shape, I mean you look, you flip a coin. Giannis is, Giannis is gonna be in the mix. I don't know if Giannis record is gonna be conducive for them, him to get it. But right now if you had to make, make me pick, I would probably lean Giannis. Right? But excuse me, I would probably lean, lean Yoke. Yeah. But if somebody said, nah Shannon yoke ain't it this year, right? This shape. I ain't fighting you. I ain't putting them no healthy. I'm not putting them no healthy discussion. Right. And saying, man, look at, look at what Yolk is doing. Yolk is averaging 30, the most Shaq ever average in the season is 29.


Right? Look at the rebounds. He's averaging 14. The most Tim Duncan has ever averaged in a season is 14. You look at the nine assists, there haven't been very many bigs to ever average. Nobody. Right? I don't think even think when Will, when Will won the assist title as a sinner, he didn't average nine assist the game. Right? So you look at a guy, he's planning a career year as for points, rebounds and assist And he's shooting, shooting 40 plus percent from the three. He's shooting 57% from, look, we, we can go on by, yo he's the three time League MVP right? Could easily be a four time MVP and buy Salt said and done. He might win four or five of these things. But Shea Gils, boy I know Clip the Clipper are kicking themselves in the ass.


Hey, because they traded him and all those draft picks and those pick swaps for Paul George. Because Kawhi said if you don't get him, I'm gonna go to the Lakers and they can, they could not have Anthony Davis, Kawhi Leonard and LeBron James on the same team in the same building in the same city. Right. So they did that. Kauai has been unable to stay healthy. Paul Georgia was not able to stay healthy for extended periods of time. He's not in Philly. Kauai just got back. He's not gonna play the back to backs. He left the team to deal with some family issues because they're being impacted by the wildfires in LA and we get all that. Yeah. But with that being said, she Gill just has turned into a bonafide superstar.


And that's what you have to be careful of. And they've got, this team is young now, when Caruso gets back, he's been dealing with a hip injury. So he'd been, I don't think he's played more than five or six games. When he gets back and you Richard Che comes back, you talk about the defensive. 'cause then you got Lou do and you got Caruso. Yeah. That can defend the wings. You got Che that can defend the rim and you got scores and Jalen Williams and Shea Gils, bro, you look at a mocho, you're like, they shouldn't be this good 'cause they really, really look at it. Right? They only got one all star, one superstar. Right. And most teams have two superstars or multiple all Stars. Right. They really only got one.


Now, Jalen Williams might make it this year, but right now we know Shay's gonna make it because he's one of the two or three best players in all, all the league. But, but when you look at 'em, you're like, how did this good? But you watch 'em play. Yeah. They, they, they play, you watch how they play off each other and they play well together. They play very well together. Yeah. They, they play, they play really well together. The same thing with the Cavaliers. And I understand Boston is de reigning defending Champs and they still got very, they look Jay JB Yeah. A Eastern conference player. MVP, he was finals. MVP. We know jt, he's been a a all NBA player the last three years.


JB has been an all NBA player a couple years. But the Cavaliers is the best team in the East. And right now it's not close. Right. It's not close right now. And in the, obviously in the west, OKC is the best team. I mean, and to have two teams like this, a 30 and six and a 32 and four. So you got 35 games into the season and you've got two teams that has 30 plus wins, two of them. And I think Boston has like, what Boston has like 28, 29 wins. They might have 30 by the end of the night. Yeah. I don't know if, look, and I know they're saying the back is down and I don't like all the three point shots either, Joe. I don't like, I mean, they come around chunking up threes left and right.


I mean, I think the average is about 65 to 70 threes combined per game. Yeah. They, they just chunking 'em up. And I don't think people are, are very, very excited about that, that that style of play. And a lot of it has to do with that. I think the, the fans don't think the players are playing hard and they, they're sitting out, you know what I'm saying, Ocho, they got low management, they got this and it's impacting the game. Yeah. The rating says it, I don't care what anybody says, the rating says fans aren't watching the games. Right. Like they once were. Yeah. I mean listen, I I the game is the, the game is different. It's evolved. It, it hasn't evolved for the better as most would say. If you look at the ratings, the ratings are suffering because of it.


I'm not sure what Adam Silver can do. I'm not sure what the players can do about it. I mean, the game is play Hard to stock jacking up threes. I mean listen, they, they, they, they don't play defense. They just Mm. They shooting the ball. They shooting mid Randy, they shooting threes and just the game isn't going to change. I'm not sure what they're gonna do to, to attract the eyeballs and the viewership the way it used to be. I don't think, I don't see it change at anytime soon. No, because everybody say, you know that, that that three, you know, you make two three, that's the equivalent of, you know, the percentage. You don't need to shoot 50% from three if you make enough threes. And so they figure if we make, if we make somewhere around 23 the night, we're gonna each Yeah.


Because the likelihood of two teams, both teams making 20 plus three. So they're hoping it, but you know, they're getting up 50 threes a night, 60 threes. Come on bro. Goy. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Come on bro. It's all your fault. Def aren't you only 14 that posted a better record through 36 games than what the Cleveland Cavaliers have. Golden State, when they set the record of 73 and nine, they went 34 and two. The Philadelphia Warriors, I think it was the Warriors, they were 19 66, 67. They were 33 and three. The Lakers in 71, 72, they went on a 33 game. A 33 game winning streak. They, and they won the title. They were 33 and three and the Bulls 95, 96 in which they went 72 and 10.


They're also with 33 and three. So you can see what elite company, right. These teams are in now. Golden State lost to LeBron's team. No, they, yeah, they lost to LeBron team. That was the year they went. Yeah. They lost to LeBron the 73 or 19. The Bulls won the titles. The Lakers won the titles. Did the sixties win the titles that year? I think, no, I think what you call 'em won it. The Celtics won it because the Celtics won eight straight years in the sixties. So I think they lost one year to the, the St. Louis Hawks led by Bob Petit. And then they, they they, they they whitewashed it the, the rest of the way.


So, but the calves look really good. The guy d Mitch seems to be playing. He seems to be happy. Seems to be like he wants to be there now. Right. There were speculations he wanted to go to next and that still might be the case, but I know he's playing extremely well. Like right now. Darius Garland, who's an all star Jared Allen ninth, very efficient. 9 4 11. You don't have to run played for him. He's going to get it off the rim. He could you get penetration, live it up to him. Same thing with Moley. Moley didn't shoot the three ball well tonight, but he's, he's a 40 plus percent shooter from the three ball. He was efficient from the floor. Eight of 13. They, those two bigs is gonna cause you a problem. 'cause they're gonna get a lot of rebounds.


Yeah. They're gonna get a lot of extra chances. They had 12 offensive rebounds tonight. So Cavalier's end the OKC Thunder 15 game winning streak with a 1 29, 1 22 Victory Ocho yo Bill Belichick to the Raiders. He has a 10 million do $10 million buyout. Now it drops to 1 million on June 1st. The Raiders have a new ca have new cash from Tom Brady. Richard Seymour, minority Stakes Brady are still close with Coach Belichick could offer him power and control needed to leave UNC. Well damn, if that was the case, you got all these college kids happy, got UNC all happy on your why.


You just, we your happy ass out another month. Well listen, I bri he probably didn't know that the opportunity was gonna present itself. I wish Brady had told, had told Bill that this a little earlier before he took the judge. That's can You can't do that. Huh? You can't do that. What? See that, that's, that's why he didn't know. So he had to take, he had to take the, the job that was available. I think, I think the, the, the vacancy is, is is going to going to get filled. I don't think bull can act, I don't think Bill can actually pull out from UNC right now. He's already invested after we worked the day he Worked. Yeah, that's seen be a problem with you too, huh? That seemed to be a problem with you too. What? Pulling out.


Hey, but listen, listen on on on a serious note. Listen, after we, after we left, after we left work today, no, out there in Philly. Bill was right back on the road, you know, going, going to recruit. He's, he's, yeah, so I mean, I mean he's, he's he's at, he's locked in. I think it would've been a great opportunity for Bill to, to be the head coach of the Raiders and, and have that full control to, to kind of build the, the type of team you want to. I think the only issue for Bill is if you was to go to the Raiders, I mean, he still wouldn't have a quarterback. You still don't Know what Yeah, you gotta get, I mean, they gonna be in position. Why are you in here?


Why you trying to steal my shine, bro? Who that, who that, who that Titus tried to steal my shine, man. What Up Twin? What up Twin? You wanna go stay with o You wanna go stay with OCHO in Miami? Yeah. Come on down here, man. Come on down here. Nah, he ain't got no treats. He ain't gonna take me on no walk. But yeah, he pretty dogs in that hood say, nah, he ain't no scenery down there. Yeah, he everybody got the little dogs. Bring him on down here. I took, I take good. Tell me. But I, I think the thing is Brady, Tom, look, Tom understands what it look maybe that, maybe that wars on you Ocho but at the end of the day, Tom Brady wants to win.


Yeah. Tom Brady like, yeah. I I I can assure, I can assure you that Coach Belichick's style wears on you. But winning where if I'm gonna win it, wear on me. Right. Right. Ride me. But listen, because I want Kevin, Go ahead. This, this is what I have to say now. A about Coach Belichick's style, I think this is one of the reasons why he's gone to the collegiate level. To show the owners to show, to show people that he can resonate with the young, with the younger crowd. He can resonate with the younger generation, even though he has a certain coaching style. He going to show you that he can change, he can adapt to today's era and today's climate as far as the kids and and coaching is concerned.


And find a way where you can relate to them. Just like the younger coaches that are taking all the goddamn jobs in the NFL now. I think it, I think it's harder now for Coach Belichick because these kids here, they making money. Everybody in the NFL wanna build a brand. Right. Offensive lineman want a brand. D lineman want a brand. Everybody wanna a brand don't cho. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so ain't nobody really trying to listen. Everybody trying to, oh, I'm trying to get, I'm gonna start me a podcast. I'm gonna start this. I want people to know who I am, blah, blah, blah. I'm prepared for the future. And they don't realize it's a lot easier to build a brand when you win. Oh yeah. Jordan Brand was built on winning. Right. Tiger Brand was built on winning. Right. Tom's brand was built on winning LeBron on winning Steph Curry on winning. You. It's a lot easier to build a brand when you win.


People want to associate with the winners. Yeah. It's, it's, it's not that complicated. I think sometimes we make it more complicated than what it is. Right. But when you win, look at Jeter. Jeter was a winner. And so when you win, people want to be around winners. It's always been like that. I don't know why you're so needy tonight. I've been around here all day. I wouldn't have no show. I've been with you all day, bro. Just joker here, man. I don't know what's going to here tonight. Ojo. I've been around the joker all. Oh Nah. He, he, he know, he hear my voice. He hear my voice. Oh, I've been around you all day. But it's, I mean, for me, I think Coach Belichick, because here's the difference.


Yeah. Between a college kid and a NFL adult, the college kids are trying to get to the NFL. Right. That's why the coach is the end all be all. He's a de facto boss. I got that's in the NFL. I'm already in the NFL. What you gonna do? I make 30 million. I make more Than you. Right. It's hard to tell somebody that makes more than you what to do. Yeah. Normally the boss, he makes the most, he tells you what to do. Right. As over here shaking it head Hey. But, But in the NFL Ocho man, you know, these guys, and we're gonna talk about this a little later, about the Miami Dolphin situation, what Mike McDaniel said earlier today, but I think coach, I think Coach Belichick.


Yeah. You gotta get a quarterback. I don't care. Coach Belichick is great as is. We saw we didn't have a quarterback. Yeah. It didn't work out very Well. Can't you can't do nothing. Huh? You can't do nothing. You can't do nothing. And listen, right now, if he was to go to that job and not have a quarterback and lose, I think his leash would would be just as short as everybody else. Oh Yeah. For Sure. Least would be just as short as everybody else. And there would be no way for him to compete at any level until he gets someone in there that he can build around.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to Podcasts.


But let's see, I mean, there's gonna be some quarterbacks available. Do you make a play for Sam Donald if he's available? Ooh, if they trade J mc JJ McCarthy. Do you make a play for him? Cousins? He might be available. Do you trade for him? Yeah. I mean, look, I mean there, there'll still be a quarterback. I mean, you might have to move up if you want a cam war or you want a shado, right? Maybe it it, it all depends. Do you got Brock Bowers, you got Jacob Kobe Myers. I mean you got some p some you got some okay pieces. I mean Rock Myers is legit now. Real deal. Kobe Myers had an outstanding year this year. Maybe you add another wide out. Hey, do you go get a t Higgins?


Ooh, not we talk. Okay. Is There now see that's the thing. Yeah. There are so many routines that need a number one receiver that has the cap space You can do. So The Patriots got cap space. So if I, if if so if I go put, if I go put T Higgins in, in, in, in, in Foxborough with Drake, may they got Jalen Poe, they got Hunter Henry, Andre, Roman, Andre Stevens, Stevenson, I think it's Stevenson. So they got decent pieces. Yeah. So that's the thing. 10 me is because June 1st is too much. I mean, no Ocho I need guy, I need a coach in place sooner rather than later.


Right. Because this like, they got this June 1st thing, like it's a a a like a a June 1st designation for release. You know how they do the NFL players, don't you? If this would be a release you now Right? But after June 1st, it's this. Right. And you see right now you got a $10 million buy out now. But it is after June 1st you get because they know the likelihood of a coach signing June 1st. But we wanna punish you. Right. Get a little bit of this money back. Yeah. So what you think Yeah, I I I don't, honestly I don't see it happening. And knowing Bill, understanding his character, knowing how he is, once he's locked in into a situation he's all in. Right? He's all in. He's not gonna be on the road doing all the things he's doing.


He, he's, he's been sworn in as the, as as the head coach of UNC. He's made promises and he is gonna fulfill those promises. Right? They're at UNC. Now. If anything he might, he might play, he might coach for a year or a year or two. And that buyout, you know, that clause, whatever it may be Yeah. Might be triggered. And he comes to the NFL and May, may, the, the, maybe the Raider job might not be there. It might not be there. Oh No, no, no. Nah, nah, nah. You're not going, Hey, we saw this with the Patriots. We saw, we're gonna talk about this a little later, right? One and done guys. I mentioned Jalen Pope. If you look at Quentin Johnson, if you look at his rookie year, you thought he was a bust. Y'all quit the labor. Somebody a bus after one year. Right. I can tell y'all, y'all don't know football.


'cause y'all expect everybody to be Jamar Chase. Y'all expect every receiver to be Justin Jefferson. Nope. Y'all expect every running back to be Derrick Henry, Barry Sanders and Emmett Smith. Right. Sometimes it takes longer. Yeah. Everybody, every tight end to come in the league ain't gonna be Brock Bowers. Every quarterback ain't gonna be, ain't gonna be, you know, start off like be Jay Daniels. But that's what y'all expect because y'all don't know the game because y'all just expect everybody automatically to boom, boom, boom, just, just come out like gangbusters. No, it doesn't work like that. I said Jaylen Polk, you should be happy the Oh, I don't watch football. Well, if I didn't watch football, how the hell I know Jaylen Pop was on the, the, the, the Patriots. Oh.


Oh you do watch football. But anyway, as I was saying, sometimes Ocho it takes you a little longer Yeah. To mature and turn it into the players that they thought you. Now that doesn't always happen. Right. Sometimes you have a bad rookie year, a bad seven year, bad third year. They get your ass outta there. One of my, one of my former teammates son, they took him into the Eagles. They took Jalen. Well, I think what did the Rigg, didn't he go to Jalen rigger? Didn't he go to the Eagles? That's My dude, man. I love, I I love Rigger Man about the Eagles. And think about who they passed on. They left Justin Jefferson on the board. Yeah. We get some of the guys that they passed on and it didn't work out for whatever reasons.


Right. But sometimes guys need a little bit more time to get the, because the NFL game is is different than the, the the collegiate game. Yeah. Guys put hands on you, especially once they find out you have trouble against press coverage getting off. Yeah. Man. Yeah. Everybody Gonna put hands on him. Yeah. That's just, that's just the way it is Once that's how, but the film study is different because once a guy find out that your weakness, well you gonna have to get up out of that. Yeah. It's just like Adrian Peterson had to break the habit of fumbling in the football. Yeah. Because they start attacking the football. You got a problem putting up all on the dirt. Who we gonna try to punch it out every time? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you got a problem getting off press coverage, huh? Yeah. And listen, Now everybody up there think like left the haze.


Listen. And, and obviously, and then when you do have issues like that at the receiver position, you know, then you make your offensive coordinated job a little bit more, a little bit more difficult. 'cause now you got a scheme you open. Yeah. Yeah. Now they, now they have to find ways to push your positions to, to to free yourself up and get you open on their own. Right. Instead of, I call it, I call it as a receiver, you can make your co your, your coach's job that much more easier. The more you're able to do, the more you can do as far as your skill set is concerned, the easy, you make everyone's job around you. Right? Yeah. I mean it, but I can only scheme so much ocho. Yeah. There's only so many times I can stack the formation. I can bunch the formation, I can put you motion the formation.


At some point in time I gotta put you outside the number and say, son, go get open. Yeah. Hell Yeah. Oh yeah. At some point, at some point in time I'm gonna need you. And this is what I tell guys, I'm gonna need you to play a love the play sheet. Mm. That's what I'm gonna need. IIII got all these plays. I got 200 plays on the sheet. I that, but I'm need you to play above that. I like that. And, and, and then that's what I try, that's what I always tell the young. Yes, they got all those plays, but sometimes I need you to play above that because I can't always diagram plays to scheme you open. Right. I need you to go get open. Just like on the defense. Yeah. I can run all these twists and exits and I can run a text, I can run a wax, I can run, you know, I can run a swim, I can do all this stuff.


Yeah. But at some point in time, son, just go beat the man in front of you. Damn. I just, that's what it comes down to, son. Just go beat the man in front of. Right. And it's, it, it is really that simple. So we'll see what Coach Belichick does. Tom Brady's had great success with Coach Belichick. He knows that system work, but he also knows he needs a quarterback and to make that system work. Right. Because defensively, he's gonna be able to scheme it up. He's gonna try to minimize the mistakes. He knows that you pay a heavy price when you turn the football over. He knows nothing cheap, nothing Deep. Coach Belichick does not like to give up big plays. He wants you to go on 12, 13, 15 play drive. Right. Because there's a greater chance if you have a 15 play drive that something will happen.


Or if you let somebody bomb over your head in three plays. So that's what Coach Belichick tries to do. He tries to make you nickel and dime your way down the field. Now if he get a a, a a a, a Gilly defensive player of the year or he'll get A-A-A-A-A reba's right now he ain't got a problem playing man coverage. Yeah. At if he got the dog, he gonna play it. And the funny thing about it, it's, it's, it is what Bill will do if he don't know Bill, when you play the better teams, he going to put the best. He gonna bitch put the best corner, let's say like a Revis. Yeah. He gonna put Revis on the number two and then don't your number one, he gonna double your number one. Yep. Yep. That's what, and that's, that's how a lot of guys do it. And, but Coach Belichick, we'll see what he does.


I know at the end of the day, he wants to be in the NFL. Yeah. I mean I I've never seen a coach like this with this credential Go back, go down. But it just goes to show you how much he loves coaching. Yeah. He wants to coach. He's a coach and he needs to partake that knowledge and wisdom on someone and just sitting around talking to you, slap people inside the NFL that wasn't good enough for him. Yeah. Congrat think also, I think he likes the challenge. I think he likes Yeah, for sure that it presents and it is, it is something good for him to, to, to somewhat dominate outside just like he did in the NFL. So I'm sure he is gonna enjoy it. Gerard Mayo struggle with discipline and how to enforce it. Pat players lost faith in Male during the season.


Gerard Mayo played cards with players after Arizona lost. Instead of watching film with assistant coaches, the report says on the long track playing ride back, most of male assistant grabbed their laptops and steady cutups from the loss, the customary move for NFL coaches during a return flight after the game, but in a move that surprised some at the front of the plane. After such a lopsided loss according to a team source, Mayo left his spot near the front and went back where some of the players had gathered to play cards choosing to hang out while his assistant watch film. What you think by now you think that's true For that, for them to get off that man after one year?


Ocho and Then I, I don't like the whole, I lost faith, but Coach man, man, listen you, you have a job to do. You you have a job to do. Your faith is supposed to be in you as a head coach. He has the job to do. Boom. Exit nose, leader of men, all that stuff, man. All that I faith in. I ain't, man, I ain't trying to get all that. You got a job to do. You go to practice every day. You're a grown man. You get paid to play a goddamn game that you love. I don't wanna see by No. If He was an assistant coach. If he was assistant coach Right. And he wanted to go as the head coach, you can't do that. Yeah. Yeah. You can't do, you can't do that. I, I understand. Not not, not the head guy. Right Now, if you are a position coach, hey, but normally, yeah, normally you ain't doing none of that issue after loss.


No, You ain't playing no cards. I don't know what type of plane they on. Right. That wasn't no soul plane when we lost that thing was silent, Quiet. You was search mouse. You whispering. Yeah. Ain't no Now if you win. Oh yeah. We throwing caution to the wind. You Wow. You, wow. Yes. Yes. And we playing cards before. You know, we start, I mean we all, you know, we always had what advertising sponsors that ride the plane. Man, we used to roll dice man. We done took our jacket off. Loosen up our tie shirt. Yep. Hey, we rolling dice until Mike came back there and says, guys, it's not until Mike came, Mike told us, Hey, it's not a good look.


You know, we got sponsors, we got advertisers riding the planes. Look, I understand that you guys want to have, but hey, let's not roll the dice. Let's not have money out. Okay. Hey, what room you in? Oh yeah. Hey, hey. So hey. So you know, 'cause they have the, they have all the keys. You know the room on the table. You right When you walk in, Hey Ocho in 8, 8 25. Yeah. Hey man, I'm, Hey car game D gave up at 8 25. I remember them days, But like I said, I on the plane that I was on. Right. It wasn't a whole lot of noise going on when we lost the game. Mocho. Yeah. Now, Now, you know, for a couple years we didn't lose a whole lot of games.


I think in 96, 97, 98 we lost what, three seven. We lost nine games in three years. Yeah. So there was a lot of, a lot of hoop, a lot of fun going on. But for the most part, man, you ain't doing no talking about what do I wanna talk about? I'm mad we lost. I'm mad. I'm sore. I'm moody. I'm irritable. Nah. Yeah. I mean, and listen, listen, I, there's certain things, you know, as a head coach that you can do, especially after, after, after a loss. When I think about it, yeah. A coach like that, he's a, he's a player's coach. He's someone that played the game. I think he's a little different than Dan Campbell.


But I can see Dan Campbell doing something like that, you know? Yeah. After win. Yeah. But Still like any but as a head coach, the OCHO Yeah. A head coach still even after win Right. You have to rise above stuff like that. Right Now we had some, some, some, some like position coaches, they would come in there and shoot shoot shots with us around. Yeah. Yeah. Or you know, they would, you know, they would do certain things. But not Mike. Right. Not Brian bi, not hell nah. And Dan Reed was, first of all, wasn't none of Dan coaches doing that. 'cause Dan was old school and all this damn coaches was old school. Old school. Yeah. Damn. Now that wasn't gonna fly. And and the funny thing about it is, is we're thinking from, we're thinking about it from a perspective of how old school coaches would be, but I'm thinking about this generation, this generation and the younger coaches, you know, to not relate to the players more, but be able to connect with the players more and, and, and doing some of the things that was would be normally be frowned upon, you know, when it comes to, to head coaching position.


So I, I kind of see it, but I kind of don't. And I, I kind of stand with you in a sense for saying as a head coach you just can't be doing that. Especially there's Certain things you just can't do ocho. Right, right. But here, but also Ocho you gotta realize it's only one year removed from Coach Belichick. Yeah. So you are gonna have to get some years in there before you get the ideal, the ideology and that line of thinking out of the building. Right. Because a lot of those people are still thinking the same way. Right. And so once you get for a couple years, you win. Now, you get now. And I get what he was trying to do. He was trying to like, okay, coach Belichick did it this way, but I think Coach Belichick was, let's just say this as far as you can go left.


Right. As far as you can go. I think he went too far. Right. Right. Instead of finding someplace in the middle of Ocho. Right. I thought he, he maybe have gone too far to the right Okay. To try to say, well I'm, I'm going as far as away from what Coach Belichick did. Right. As I possibly can. And sometimes we have to find a middle ground. Yeah. They had to in order to operate to get the job done. But Yeah. But I, I think everybody was surprised. I mean I didn't expect to hear this come this coming out and it came from a, like I said, Ocho it's hard man. When people, team sources, when people, like I said, when people start, people don't want to get sued. Right. For putting out faulty reports. Just like Jimmy Butler's agent did all that talking.


Oh Sean, I don't normally take time now. Look. Yeah. Storm says I've never vetted a story more than I vetted this story. He did all that hullabaloo, all that holiday yelling and screaming to try to direct. Yeah. That was true. Right. Yeah. And Come to find out it was true. And that's what you have to be careful of. 'cause like I said, they're get, if there was no leaks, there was no NFL source. No team source. Why would we need a Adam Sch? Yeah. Why would we need a Jake Glazer? Where do you think they get that from? Yeah. You kind of gotta come from somewhere.


They built up relationships. Yeah. Because guess what, Ocho a coach might be one place you got a relationship with him. Guess what? He goes to another place. You still got that relationship with him. A general manager's at one place. He goes to another place. You still got that relationship with him. Right. You've built up a relationship with a player, player. Move, boom, boom, boom, boom. Guess what you do Ocho you got a, you got a source. Boom, boom, boom, boom. They don't look, people don't look at it like that. Oh he lied. He lied. I'm telling you how it works. I ain't telling you what somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know. Everything come from somewhere. Right. And that's why they say my source. Well if you ever, if Adam Shef did ever out in any one of his sources, he never worked another day again.


No. If Jay Glazer, if any, if shas or, or woes when they were reporting said I got this from X. Right. They would never, never work another day. 'cause nobody will ever give it. And when they give you information, you didn't get it from me. Right. Okay. Put it in your words. Make it sound like you talking. I ain't telling what somebody told you. I'm telling what I know, but they get mad at me when I was talking about stuff that I knew for a fact. Oh. How you know you ain't in the locker room. I might as well be, I might as well be in the locker room. Oh yeah. But you notice don't you I I I don't really do this anymore 'cause I'm like away from it. But I notice but when people say what I was saying, what I was saying when I was on there, ain't nobody saying she had a line.


Nah, That was the fan talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. But ain't nobody in the organization, not a player, not a coach, not a gm. They would say all Daddy. I, I don't, that ain't, I just said, I just, I'm just saying it. So I like, IIII feel bad because one year is not a lot of time. A lot. One year. One year. Nothing. It ain't nothing. That's The, that's the shortest leash ever. And all that is, is admitting that I think I made the wrong choice when you thought Right. I was the successor for being Belichick. He pay handpicked it.


Yeah. You got, you handpicked it. You gotta give, you gotta give him a chance. He didn't even give him a chance. And then not only that, you interview Byron Leftwich, you interviewed Pep Hamilton, you know, you Man, you ain't fixing to hire none of them. Listen, Well all you gotta check the boxes for the Rooney Rule. You gotta check the boxes. You know, you, you know you're gonna bring in Vrabel, you know you're gonna be in in Vrabel and allow him to take over and now Vrabel will get the, the grace, you know, to, to continue to improve the team right away. He'll get more than a year. But he also gotta figure your quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, he'll, he'll benefit from that. He'll benefit from, from Drake.


Drake May has shown Drake May has shown flashes of, of being a very good quarterback. And he obviously as a rookie, he's at he's at his bad moments. Yes. You know, which is, which is normal. They have a good quarterback though. They have a good Yeah. They have work with in the future Ocho Even, even if that was the case. Yeah. I hate that somebody put that out there because that makes him look bad for his next employer. Right. And that's the thing that I don't like. Okay. All that might be true. I'm not saying that it is, I'm not saying that it isn't. 'cause I don't know, and I haven't called any Rod 'cause I don't care enough to call around and ask and find out if it was true. But all I'm saying is that that follows you if that, if somebody put that out there.


So that's why you gotta be careful Right. What you allow people to say about you because that follow you to your next job that follows you to your next employment. Go ahead. Don't Joe, what You think about Vrabel coming back. Right. Well it's coming back. Regardless what you think about Mayo taking it, going back to the deepest coordinator job. I I don't, I don't like that. You Don't like that at all. Lemme ask you a question. Yes sir. You the CEO of a company. Right. And somebody hire a new CEO and they say, okay Ocho, you go back to work, be the president. You cool with that? No, I'm, no, I'm not Going. You be Exactly. You might go be the president at somebody else company. Right. But you ain't gonna be the president at that company. Right. Okay. I'm, I was just curious, curious because listen, it it is having, having a having a job is better than I having not not having one at all.


Because you guys, you I got, They got, they gave me three years. I got two more years to pay. Okay, I see. I see you. Well I got a, I got, I might not have no job, but I got money coming. I ain't got no job, but I do. But I do got money coming in. All right. That's a good one when you put it like that. Okay. I don't know why you so need at night, bro. You ain't never been like this.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, Joe. Yeah. Mike McDaniel said that some players have been repeatedly late this year and fined multiple times. Oh, he said the defiance haven't been effective and nothing moved the needle. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. I can find people till they're blue in the face. I can take their money, I can yell at 'em. But until they understand that part of the reason that we're in the position is controllable and we have to, with absolute certainty and a zero tolerance for anything else, we have to clean the controllables up and we can have a chance to have success together. So cer certain specific individuals that, you know, I don't think it was across the board.


There's a lot of guys that, you know, had certain fines before that didn't have any. There were some people that had multiple that, you know, I think there's different ways to, to kind of counteract that. Bringing it up as a team and, and continue to find guys wasn't, wasn't enough. So I'm not gonna continue to just place all blame on even some of the smallest of individuals that were multiple offenders and adjust my process and, and make sure that it's a te it's team wide knowledge anytime that things are done that aren't in the best interest of winning football game.


Hey, hey, lemme tell you something. But when you're losing, huh? When you losing you, you notice how everything is magnified when you lose. Never accept anything in a win. You wouldn't in a loss. In a Loss. Yeah. It Is hard for me to believe that they just started showing up late this year. Now I could be totally wrong, Ocho I'm not there. Right. But it's just hard for me to believe Wait, that guys, because being late is a repeated behavior. Yeah, It is Miami, huh? You know that, huh? It's it's, it is Miami. You, you know them late nights at Tuss season, late nights at at G five, the late lights at at Club space and, and all the stuff they have Going on, you know, not winning.


I Can understand. Yeah. Yeah. But, and can I ask you a question? Yes. Why are they talking about that? Why is he talking about that today anyway? Why? Is that even even a concern? Or is that or or is he using that as a crush on why they were losing? Well, I mean it just goes to show you just how little control that coaches have. Especially when you let that behavior go. You have an, it's gonna be hard for him to crack down because he's been so lenient. It's easy to be hard and lightened up as opposed to be light and try to toughen up. Right. I'm just, I look and I've been in situ and I, I, I understand it.


It was a lot easier for me to, to deal with anything after I had Coach Reeves. Mm. Coach Reeves was old school. He played for Coach Landry. He was an offensive coordinator under Coach Landry. And Coach Landry was very matter of fact, coach Landry, there was no nonsense. Right. He did not nonsense. Right. You get that bull. And so anything that came after that, it was hard for me to believe unless I got Coach Lombardi that it was gonna be any tougher than what coach I had to deal with with Coach Reed. Right. But my grand, but see also the way I grew up, very structured. This is what you do if you don't do it, I'm gonna tear your ass up. Yeah. It was simple for me. It wasn't no, well I wonder what happened if I don't take this trash out and Papa told me to take this trash out, I wonder what's gonna happen.


Yeah. Okay. Granny told me to have this grass cut by the time she got off work. I wonder what's gonna happen. There was no wondering, there was no, I don't know what's gonna happen. Right. But it's because now these players don't have no fear of authority that make so much money. So if you take a thousand dollars, you take $2,000. That don't mean nothing to This. And you, you also have to remember players that do come late and those that he thinks your, he thinks your, your your your regular normal players, you know that. Yeah. He's talking about what you come, he, these are his best players that are late. Oh yeah. That, that's, that's who's doing it. 'cause obviously the players who don't make that kind of money, the players who aren't superstars ain't the ones showing up late.


No, that's definitely not, that's definitely not what's happening. So listen, you gotta, you talk, you talk to your big dogs, you talk to your players that had that, that had that, that that dawn that sea on your chest on the jersey and have, get them, get them boys in line, get 'em in order. Well how can they get in line if they late? I mean, how can you tell, how can you tell me to be on time when I'm sitting in my chair and you walking in five, 10 minutes late? Right. You late to practice. I'm just trying to figure out what I, I'm trying to think. I can see guys, you know guys who, hey guys used to come out their shoes untied everything because hey might two o'clock they ain't gonna be on that feed. Right. And you might have your shoulder pan a and Mike still might be in one of the mood.


They say you late 'cause your shoulder pad you ain't dressed according, so that still might cost you. Right. Right, right, right. But I'm trying to figure out ocho you at, how do you late when you already there? Yeah, I can ocho I can, I I don't, I I can't say I see but ocho you already in the damn building. How are you late for practice when you already at the place you need to practice that. Right. I don't know. I don't know. They got, like I said, they gotta get it together though. I know that. Look, I was late. I've been late twice in my life. Once I depended on somebody else, that won't happen again.


That's why I don't depend on nobody else. Hey, that's funny. It was a snow storm and Mike said, Hey, when did you realize it was gonna be a storm? You should have left earlier. You right. You right. Go and take the little 1200 out my check. You right, I'm wrong. Hey, hey, ain't no thing. It wasn't like I didn't, Hey, I'm in Colorado. Right? And it was, it was, it was snowing when I, when I, it was snowing when I left, when I left. As a matter of fact, we had played the Carolina I'm offensive player of the game. O choke. I don't think if I hadn't have been offensive player of the game, I don't even know if he'd know I was late because he called offensive player of the game. Hey, this guy had seven catches buck 74.


Hey, I all pro 84 President. Man. Somebody say, Hey, hey, thank you coach. Damn, But Ocho Ocho, you can't be ocho late to meetings. Yeah. Late to practice. Come on guys. But see, but see, that just goes to show you, that explains what teams don't win. Y'all. Y'all see, y'all think, y'all think it's all, it's all about the game. All fantasy is the game games are won Monday through Friday. Monday through Friday. Because the discipline that it requires you to get your ass to practice on time, get your ass to the meetings on time, right?


That's the discipline that you'll need to display come Sunday in order to win. I I I, I never understood that. I'm glad that I grew up how I grew up. I didn't understanding at the time, right? That why my grandfather, everything was punctual. We was always the first to church. Church don't start for another 30 minutes, but we there sitting in the damn car and then 15 minutes before we sitting on the front seat in, in the church, right? Ain't nobody else there, but Barney, Mary Porter gonna make sure your black man was there. I just, but that's just go that I, i look, that's just me. That's just me. I just, I, I I I'm gonna be on time. I just think that's just a common courtesy. I think everybody should be on time.


Right? That's not asking too much. That's your job. I mean, I'm trying to figure out what other job does an NFL player have Ocho that will require him to be late? I get it. Maybe it's for some unforeseen circumstances. There was an emergency child got sick, right? You had to take the child mom or, or wife, girlfriend. So I, I get it. There are extenuating circumstances, right? But it seems like every time there's a new coach, I got an uncle and aunt that came back to life. You can't win. Like that's, that's why I'm glad I don't play today.


I don't care if the salary, if tight end salaries got to a hundred million, right? Because I care more about winning and these guys don't. And fans get upset with me, Shannon, how you know, this is how you know. Yeah. One thing about it, when, when you're winning, it is looked over. That's why you don't look over When, when you, when you losing, everything is magnified. Every mistake, every mistake, anything you're doing wrong as a team, as an individual, it's used as a reason on why we're not winning. That's why you don't overlook it when you're winning. Mike Shanahan didn't say, oh guys, we winning. So you miss weight, don't worry about it this week he didn't say, oh, we winning.


We done won 12. We done want eight in a row. We don't want nine in a row. We this or that. No, no, no, no, no, no. And guys that lead, you can't ask more than you willing to give. Yeah. How you gonna ask a player to do something and you showed up late, get the F out my face. You were late, right? And then you mess around and you blow an assignment and then you looking around at everybody else And you messed up. I got no, that's like I said, God put me in the situation. He made me be born in 68. Now we, look, I talked to a lot of the guys. Man, man, you, me tell my mom couldn't wait another three or four years. Hell, I was my ma mom's last kid at 25.


You could've waited till I was till you were 32 and dropped me. Right? Hey, no, I want no part of that. OO These guys don't care. They don't care enough. I'm not saying they don't care. They don't care enough. Right. Losing, don't bother them. You know why? Because you're not invested enough. Anytime. Lemme ask you a question, Ocho. Yeah. If you put your money, if you put your money in something and you lost a million dollars, you gonna be very upset because you know how hard you work for that damn million dollars did. Absolutely. Absolutely. There you go. That's what I want people to see. Yeah. You know why I care so much? Because I know how much time that I spent in doing this. Right. What I deny myself, how I deny my family, how I deny sleep, eat, Lot Of just to be this Lot of sacrifice.


It Hurt when it doesn't work out. Yeah. It don't bother people enough. It doesn't Jags on as shot. Conn said he he that he'll get rid of gm. Trent bulky. If a prospective head coach gives con a credible reason with bulky right there, Ocho, you gotta watch this. Listen to this. If They were to say, I would like to reevaluate the front office and the general manager, what would your response be? My response would be how would you improve it? And, and then if it is credible, you know, I mean, you, you want to do it. Okay. Does he not realize Trip Barky is on the call?


The video Zoom with him? I don't know what, oh, I don't know what's wrong, brother, brother Con man, I ha I have no idea. He has a lot of issues going on. Listen, bulky has his ruin with some of the picks and some of the things that he's brought in. I'm not sure what's wrong with Trippit Lawrence right now, the only shining bright light they have over there in Jacksonville is Brian Thomas Jr. I'm hoping Triplet Lawrence can live up to the hype, the money he's being paid and he and he bounces back. The Jaguar don't even have nowhere to play next year. Unc, you know that? Why? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with the, with the stadium they play, I think they were innovating the stadium or, or, or, or something is going on where their, their new stadium is not gonna be ready for two years.


Some, some something to that magnitude. But you know Where they gonna play At? I have no idea. I mean, Orlando's right down the street. Gainesville is right down the street and there are stadiums that can hold the amount of people that can, that can, you know, see the NFL stadium. But I mean, they, I don't think they're a team that's gonna sell out. If they're gonna be, they're gonna be fans in the seats. They coming to see Brian Thomas Jr. I can tell you that Jacksonville used to be good. I, I don't know. Something something is wrong with, with owners and, and to, to, to be the owners of teams. They don't act like they're owners. Jerry Jones doesn't act like an owner. Mr.


Connie doesn't act like he's the owner. You know? Do you know how many coaches he's been through? Yeah. You know how many coaches, the head coaches he's been through, like, and, and it starts at the top and it starts with you. It's, it starts with you and making better decisions and bulky too as a gm, better decision making. I mean, but again, when you're the owner, you can do this. You can do this. Yeah. Look, I was, I'm old enough to remember when Jacksonville had really good teams when they had Keenan and they had Smith, Jimmy Smith, and they had Natron and they had Brune and the stadium was packed.


Oh yeah, I remember that. So Jacksonville fans will come out. Oh yeah. If you give them something to come out for. Yeah, Because That's a football town. They, they, the the closest basketball I guess is Atlanta or Miami. Yeah. Or la Well, you can go down in Orlando, but that's a, that's football area. The south is football Always. IIII, I, I don't, I don't care what anybody tell you. Yeah. It's football. The south is football. Yeah. And they like, they like college football. Now the Gators Tallahassee right up right up, but it's a football town. Yeah. And if Jacksonville gave them something, those fans coming out, because I've seen it, I've seen it every time.


But it doesn't, I mean, you keep, you keep the general manager who hired the head coach, but you fired a head coach. And then if another coach comes in and give you o okay, I can't work with bulky. I want somebody that I'm, I'm in unison with Yeah. That you can trust. Yes. Start there you can trust And plus I gotta get him outta there because you already too close to the owner. So I got a feeling that you're gonna be in his ear and you're gonna be putting Bull Jive in his ear. So I need to get you outta the building. That's first and foremost, that's the first and foremost thing that I'm gonna do.


Bingo. So I need to be in a situation where me and the general manager we're like this ear and I can go to the owner if I, if me and you can't agree on something. Right. But Tread bulky is already too close. 'cause he got a three year relat, or two or three year head start in terms of in the relationship Right. Than what I have. And he's already in his ear because that's why he stayed and, and Doug e p's gone. But nah, it's great. I'm good. I, I don't, I don't, but like I said, I, I, I, I don't know. Look Trevor Lawrence is gonna have to play better than what he's played. I absolutely, they got a great, they got a great look. They got Brian Thomas Jr.


They got Evan Ingram, they got Tank and they got at n Yeah, Trevor. So they got, they got some nice solid pieces. They got some pieces on defense. I think they need to improve the back end. But they got some, they got some guys up front, Got some to work with. And you, you Yeah. You would expect, you would expect from what we saw from Trevor Lawrence at Clemson, his growth, it, it, it, he, he should be growing and getting better year to year. And instead he's regressing. Yeah, he's regressing. But the emergency, Ryan Thomas Jr. Should make his job a little easier. He, it should make his job a little easier.


Let let me turn this air off man. I'm in here free. Yeah, But they had some, they had some pieces. I mean Christian Kirk, but I think Kirk got injured. Brian Thomas Jr. Tank bi, bill Billingsley, I think that's his name. Bigsby Tanks Tank. Bigsby, I think Bigsby is his name. He got at n they got Evan Ingram. Yeah. And they got, they got some nice pieces on the opposite side. But Trevor Lawrence need to play like the number one overall draft pick. They, he needs to play like the guy they selected him to be. He got, he has to be more consistent and he gotta stay healthy. Yeah.


Gotta earn that pick check baby. Yeah. What, what is the Jags pick this year? If there're a corner that's available, they need, I I think they look, it all depends on what they're gonna do. They, they pick five, they pick five ocho. What you think they And five If Travis Hunter that I'm taking, Travis Hunter's a no brainer Man. Travis Hunter Finn be at no five man. I'm just saying just, just if he is Oh, hypothetically Speaking. Yeah. Yeah. He, he ain't, ain't gonna be there. I actually, they'd probably go, probably go offensive line to defensive line one or the other.


See that, I mean, normally guys have a kid, I think he and his wife just welcome to a baby girl. Guys normally play well look at my home kid. Philip Rivers kid, big Ben had kid, you know guys Ton Brady had, Hey, Brady won a well four Super Bowl after he started having kids. He had three and he won four More. Oh yeah. So, Hey, this might be the start of something Ocho. I dunno. But yeah, they, the jazz gotta do better than this. They gotta give the, they gotta give those fans something that they can, they, they can get their sink, their teeth in. They can put their arms around and be proud of. Yeah. I ain't talking about Duval because Duval where they going to the Super Bowl every year and then Duvall was on some bull drive.


But let him tell it. They going, hey, they gonna win it. They gonna beat Kansas City, they going to the Super Bowl every year. Right. Duvall sound like a, a a cowboy fan. He delusional. But you think they take a, you think they take a Oline or D-line? Yeah. O line. O line or D-line? You know, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to think there, there, there are no skilled position players. The quarterbacks are going first. Travis Hunter will be going before pick five. So I mean there's, there's some good, good Oline and D linemen that are out there that are going to go in the early rounds. Yeah. They, the mock draft have them taking the D lineman outta Michigan.


Oh see it is, They probably should have took Hutchinson over the guy that they took Hutch. Remember they had, they had the number one picket, they took the guy of Georgia. Oh, Trayvon Walker. Trayvon Walker. They forgot of all the, think about all the draft picks that he was, all the high draft picks that he was playing around. Right, Right, right, right, right, right. Trayvon Walker then he didn't have a bad season, did he? He ain't had no Hu Hutch had seven and a half sacks and got and and missed Miss Yeah. 12 games. Yeah. Hu Hutch was Ball, I mean Hutch. And he went to, didn't he go to the Pro Bowl last year? He went to the Pro Bowl last year. Yeah. Hus, that's the real deal.


Boy. He's Yes. Real deal. He is worth, he is, he is as advertised The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.