
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40, or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, t and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and suites details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


It took Dart. It Took Dart. I don't, there's no way you trade back into the first round if you're not selected a quarterback. We knew that was selected, the quarterback. Right? We just didn't know Jackson Dart Chador. But is he The It is. Wow. You didn't see his mom pat him on his back? She wasn't pat him because he going in the second round. Right? Oh my goodness.


When did, when did Cleveland pick again? Second round right? Second round. So That, that, well, we'll get to see that to tomorrow. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Hey. Should do it like mad If I'd have known this, I'd have stayed in school this other year. Oh my goodness. But I can't believe they played like that. I, I'm surprised I'm not. Listen, I'm not surprised that they traded back in the first round. I'm surprised they, yeah, but, Oh, Joe, think about it.


The last week we started hearing this, that people had Jackson Dart number two. They had slaw number three. They had slid what you call, look, look what they guys gave up Five Second round pick. They gave up a third round pick and a 20 cent, 26th, third round pick. It's confusing. I'm not sure what film they were watching. I'm not saying there's nothing that's nothing wrong with Jackson Dark. Right. But come on now. I mean, Come on now When you, it it's kinda like when you look, when you go to the grocery store, you got a list.


You already know what you want. Yeah. They, they, they, they know the guy that they want. I'm a little surprised. I thought I, I thought Shado played well enough, but hey, they haven't got It right in a minute. They haven't, they haven't gotten it right since Eli. Well, they better get it right. They just, they they, they better get it right. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Wow.


But You know, the, the, the momentum has started to build by Shadur possibly sliding out of the first round. Right. We like, okay, he don't go in early, he doesn't go to Cleveland, they don't go to the Giants. It seemed like the, both of those teams had their mind made up. So had Cleveland not traded back Right. They were going to take Travis. Okay. They trade back, get the guy, they still get a a, a great pick there. Right? And they pick up some draft capital along the way. Now the middle from nine, from 10 all the way to 21 quarterback. So I'm thinking, I'm thinking Steelers, he doesn't go 21 to the Steelers. Nobody from 22 to 32 quarterback. He's a quarterback. So unless somebody trades back into the first round O Joe, he gonna be a day two selection.


Right. Chad? Woo. Alright. Alright guys. Coming to the stage selected number seven overall in 1988, pro Football Hall of Fame 2025 Rap Brothers, Starling Sharp give it up pack. Oh, are he getting, he getting biked up where you want?


Huh? What We got Jackson Dart. The Giants traded back. They would, they would selected number three. They take Abdul Carter. They, they come back up until the first round of 26. They make the trade with the Houston, Texas. They select Jackson Dart. Wow. That's, that's big. That's, wow. Wow. So there's only two quarterbacks gone. Yes. Yes. We knew Cam war was going number one. A lot of people thought should do would be number two. Yeah. But it's not how high you go. It's where you go.


He still has an opportunity to go to a great situation. Now, when you, when you look at it now, what's, what's, what other teams still need a quarterback? Cleveland. Cleveland. Who else? What about la? Oh, the Rams. The Rams. I mean, staff gotta be on The back end. Yeah. Yeah. He's got a year left. That's A good one. They did take Steon Bennett. I forgot last sheriff. Forgot that's Yeah. Go back. Go. Yeah, go back. Go, go back. Go back, go Back. Oh, I forgot he started at USC Jackson Dart started at USC.


Okay. Everybody that played quarterback now started somewhere else. Oh, he does got, I mean, he got a li arm. Okay. No, he played for Lane Kiffin. So he, he Oh, Lagos did that. He can play the position. He's gonna be able to play the position. Bless one thing about Lane. He gonna dial it up now. Wow. What a throw. And you got a lot of control. Quarterbacks have a lot of control in his system too. Yes. And he, he moves just good enough. Yeah.


Wow. Catch boy. No. Huh? No catch. What about the throw? Good throw? What about Good throw pretty good company. The third ole miss quarterback to be selecting number one in the common draft. Archie and Eli preceded him. Archie was the second pick of the draft. Eli was number one and now we get 26. I like it. I like it. Wow. I don't know that be that that should do Sanders. The labor just sounded much better.


Well, they did a job, boy, I'll tell you guys appreciate it. That, that is Oh wow. What you, you like to pack a selection? I could say yes. I, I, I mean, I don't, I don't want you enough football to have an opinion. I mean, I I I don't watch football anymore. So I I if he's a receiver and he can catch, they got a good quarterback in Jordan that can throw it. I mean, he should have success here. Right. Day ball sees traits of Josh Allen in Jackson Dart. Who said that?


The head coach. Come on now. Is that, is that he was an oc? Yeah. When he had that breakout season? Yes sir. So the one thing we know Dayak and Coach now. Yeah. He said the same thing about Dam Jones too, didn't he? No. What you call him? He didn't, he wasn't the head coach with Daniel Jones, was he? No. Who, he was the head coach, but I don't think he drafted him. No. Phil Sales seventh Phillip Rivers fourth. Daniel Jones sixth Now.


I can't believe that man. That's, that's Crazy. I think the thing is, when you look at the Giants, the Giants said look, they were gonna take Shadu. They were gonna take Travis or they were gonna take Abdul Carter. I Fal. Oh, the Falcons traded back in. No, they don't need a quarterback. Sure don't. No, no. Hell no. No. Will will Johnson. James Pierce Jr. James running back. Oh, edge. He the edge. The edge. Yeah. Like I like it. That's a good selection.


Two, two deep. They took two defensive players. They're like, look, we, we gotta get better on that side of the football. They're like, I like our defensive coach. Yes. But they problem was being able to stop people. You know, they, no, you can't outscore everybody in this league. You know they got Bija Robinson. Yeah. They got Drake Lu. Drake, London. London got Kyle Pitts, Kyle Pitts. Mooney Mooney's still there. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Mooney's still. Mooney's still there? Woo. Look at what the Rams got. The Rams got got more for that pick than what? The what, what the jazz gave up. Wait, which one they got a second round or seventh round or a first this year?


Next they got first. Yeah. Next year. I'm telling you, it's, it's setting itself up for the Rams. I can see the with, I mean, I know man, I'm not trying to get rid of Mass Stafford, but he can't play forever. Yeah, you gotta stay at the transition. That's what got, that's what got the, that's what got the Steeler trouble. Let, let, let Ben die on the vine. Yep. If there's a quarterback you like, you take, you take him a year or two early as opposed to letting your quarterback die on the vine. That's what happened to Pittsburgh with Ben Burg.


Yeah. They let him stay, stay too long. Stay too long. And they, and they ain't been fi been, they, they ain't been able to find an answer yet. Nope. He's long too. Yeah. Woo. I've seen more football sitting on this sofa than I have in the last five years. You got the Al Wilson number 27 jury zone. I have never seen this much football in the last five years. What? What? Baltimore if you Baltimore, what you taking? What you need? Well, I, I thought It's not even what you need with Baltimore. It's not What you want. Not remembering Christian Watson was a little nicked when I think a CLI thought they would've taken a receiver.


I thought they were gonna get the guy from Texas. Oh, Baltimore. I was not thinking that Green Bay. I was not thinking about Green Bay and Christian Watson situation. Right. So I was like the kid from Texas, if he's there, which I thought he would've gone first. I thought he was gone hire you. You remember Josh Jacobs? Yeah. To ask him what he thought they needed, called some flack. He said, I think we need a number one, we need a dog. Everybody Got mad. I could you see the B Could you see Baltimore taking a DB or do they go get another receiver? They got Wigs.


They got Wiggins or Betty. You got Marlon Humphrey. Marlon plays slot. Mainly safety. Good point. D Lion. That's a good point. D Lion D Tackle. 'cause the young bull just retired. O Pierce. Yeah. Oh, he just retired. Hey, go Get tired. I like that one. I think the thing is Baltimore's like, You know what, we can take whatever we want. We still got Lamar, we got Henry, we got Isaiah flowers, we got the other other receiver. What's the other receiver? Ocho? Not Aguilar. Nah. Seven. Oh, Rashard. Bateman.


Rashard. Bateman. We got Bateman, we got li we got likely, we got Andrews. They got a nice offensive line that re they resigned Sta Staley. So you're saying defense I think, I think they go defense. Yeah. I definitely think they go defense Tackle. I def I I'm definitely thinking defense. You got Ro I don't know if there's a safety rated that high to get to go to go with Kyle Hamilton. No. So I'm thinking, I'm thinking they take a, I'm thinking a corner or a D lineman. I say Will Johnson makes a lot of sense here because That's a good one.


I like that. Malachi Starks safety From Georgia. He still been drafted yet. He supposed to defensive player. Yeah, but my question, I I, You know, I was like, okay, what safety is rated high enough? 'cause it makes sense with Kyle Hamilton. Right. Your all world safety. Okay, well Kyle, Kyle playing the Box. He does. He does. He does. He absolutely does. This will be the third one. Defense. Two edges and a safety. And I can't believe he picked Jackson Dart.


I'm Still there. Safety from Georgia. LEC has Dart Hall of Fame. I'm retired Hall Of Fame. I'm retired. I'm retired. I like to pick. I like, I I like to pick for Baltimore. I think I like that. I think once, once you get down this long show. Yeah. They ain't a whole lot of knees. You got Yeah. I mean you won, You know, 11, 12 games. You went, You know, you, you exactly, you went around in the playoffs.


Right. So it's not like a you, it's not like you, like there's one guy that's gonna change your fortune. It's not like at the top of the draft, at the bottom of the draft. I'm taking what, whatever the best player available. That's what I'm gonna take. And at this point, especially this far in the draft, But Baltimore is a hard team too though. They're a hard team to track like that. Right. To be like, oh, they're gonna take this or they're gonna take that. Oh yeah. Right. They do everything that, that's a little bit unconventional. They always have been. But but the thing is, when you, when you're that good, it's kinda like Kansas City. It's like, but I mean, what, what do you, what, what do they need? You win 15 games. You win 14 games. Right. You win 12 games. I mean, what do you, what, what Can you select that down at the bottom that's gonna put you over the top with you?


One, It might not put 'em on the top, but the first take, the first team you mentioned was Kansas City. Yeah. That didn't dig the old line, old address the old line situations. I'm not sure what you gonna get of quality that far down. Yeah, but you ain't got no choice. Yeah. Oh. They, they definitely take an old offensive lineman,


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Kicks in with the 27th Pick. Baltimore, Raven Select Malachi Heart. Malachi. I like it. I like it. Safety. The pair with with a Hamilton. Hamilton. That's nice. Yeah. You Know you got Wiggins, you got Hub. Even though Hump kicks inside when they go to three wives. Yeah. He's really good in the slot. And You know B Hey Baltimore, they got Quan.


So The general, They brag Kirby Kirby know how to get them guys, them defensive guys. Kirby know how to get 'em and can coach him. Yep. When you, I guess when you with Coach Saban for that length of time, you gotta learn something. You, you gonna have to learn something. You, You know what? Win championships. Oh yeah. And the one thing Georgia player DB defenders can do is run. Oh look how he flip ball, hip steal fo. Oh look how he flipped those hips. Watch it. Watch, watch this. Look at this. Ooh. Oh bro, you can't fool me that.


Yeah, you can't fool me. I'm gonna steal him right through that. It's A good switch. We pick up one. That's mine. Yeah. Wait, hold on. Is he playing nickel or safety? Okay, now you at safety. Safety. Yeah. But You know, in today's college football, you gotta be able to cover so much space. Wow. He was, he was at the point in the first, first diagram. I like that. He got great, he got great ball skills, He got Great ball skills, he got skills, he got great ball skills. I mean, the first plays he made, he dropped his guy and made a play.


Then on the, on the deep ball, first thing you see touch, look back for ball, Find it, Find it right away. Most of the time you can tell when the DB is good. Most of the time in those situations they panic. Yes. They panic and just play the hands. But, And, and he plays with attitude. So he gonna fit right in in that in Baltimore. He gonna play just like them. What I like. So now the lion's on the clock. Yeah. They need some defense on you. Go get Will Johnson. He from Michigan. Yeah. Playing it and off. That's perfect. Yeah. Right down, right down, right down the street from you. Yeah. Go get it. Go get it. Get Man Match him up with Brother Branch. Yeah.


Well Brian Branch is the real deal. Yeah. Oh my goodness, man. Oh, they got Terryn Armstrong, they got Taran Armstrong. They got Kerry Joseph. Yeah, they resigned. Joseph Terry On Yeah. Arnold. Arnold, right? Yeah. Oh, he nice. What? I think they, they definitely, I definitely think they need a corner. Yeah. You getting hu you getting Hutch back? Yeah. Now are they gonna, are they gonna resign z Zaius Smith? Oh that's right. It is free.


The question is, it's kinda hard to tell what they need because they had so many guys on Ir I the defensive side of the football. Yep. So it's really hard to tell what they actually need considering so many guys were banged up towards the middle. Right. The end of the year. But, but I, the thing is, is is I, If you look at in, in the division that they play, if you don't need guys that can score, you need guys that can stop people from scoring. Right. And in today's league what the what the rules that the y and the you, you have to, you better have nine guys that can cover in, in, in Detroit with their offense.


'cause they're gonna score. Oh yeah. I I would definitely not be mad if they took a corner. Yeah. I think, I think will. I think Will Johnson, like I said, he from, he went to Michigan. Michigan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean if, if, if the pick Is in Yeah. Ash be looking like Ash What we got ask what we looking like. No, what did he play?


Oh, 99 90. Okay. I mean considering all the people they had on defense hurt and they still finished seventh in defense. Yeah. They put so much pressure on you because they score, they force you play catch ups a good point. And they force you, you turned the ball over. That's why You know you have some of them lopsided games. Right. They got into that shootout with Buffalo. Yeah. DT Tackle, They took a DT tackle from Ohio State. Yeah.


Can't be mad at that either. So it must be, it, it must be happy with obviously the skill, position on defense Must be, but Arnold gotta play better. He he get too many penalties. Yeah. Too. Too much hole though. Too much hole too. Handsy. Gotta trust your feet. Trust your feet in the eyes. Yes. When you do what he does, he tell me he's guessing, he's unsure He'd be better. This shit though. Yeah. Ali Williams, Ohio State. Well you like that pick.


I think what they're gonna do is play offense with their defensive line. You don't know how healthy he a huts gonna come back. Right. And, and I mean at 70%, I mean he's a high energy guy. He needs, they're gonna play offense with their defensive line. They're gonna do a lot of that right there. They're gonna do a lot of moving. You are not gonna get one-on-ones. You're not gonna see a lot of that right there. They're gonna play offense with their defensive line. Whoa. Whoa. They're gonna scheme and they're gonna slant and they're gonna move. They're not gonna be in the same place when the ball snapped than they were when they lined up. That's what they're gonna do.


I like that. Get off the ball. Great press. Look at the press. Look at the hold. Look at the hold port of attack with your press. It's a Occupy. Where you going? You going to the A I'm gonna throw you here. Going to the B I'm gonna throw you there. LA upstairs at screw 3% Chance availed 28 p bro. He ain't going Washington. No, he ain't going Now. He no quarterback. Yeah. And who, who draft after, who drove after Washington Buffalo.


They don't, ain't Going there. Kansas City ain't going there. Philly ain't Going. No, I ain't going there either, Man. They did. They they they did. They did it number on young boy. Man. Hey, I like the man. If I'm Kansas City, I trade outta the first round. No, absolutely Not. I trade outta the first round. I'll give you some day two second O line O lineman. Okay. Okay. Okay. An extra second. I get an extra second, don't you? Right. Okay. Okay. You right. You can't, you can't miss on that, on those, those picks either. You gonna trade out of the first round and get what?


Old linemen? A couple of old linemen in day two. They need the old line bad. Remember how happened last time and, and, and in 2020 they got beat, they got their eyes beat out by Tampa. By Tampa. Yeah. They go get a a a thy. Yeah. Yep. They got, we, they they go sign a Smith. That's correct. And they went back to back Super Bowl. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. I mean it makes sense for them to trade out. That's that makes sense. Makes more sense. Because I mean, they don't have a need. They don't have a want. Right. And the que And the question is, and the question is if you, with that being said, if a situation, you looking at it like, hold on, how high it is rated is the offensive lineman we gonna get at 32.


At 30. At 30? Why not slide back, get a couple of extra picks? Right. I can get a second. Possibly a third, maybe fourth. Put real quick. It, what does Washington take here? Defense. Okay. They got, they they gotta go. Got to go defense. Yeah. Offensively. I mean, They pick his in. Hold it. Ask how they looking? What I like?


Oh, I mean they really high. I would take they're, they're another team that you really don't, Allen didn't, didn't they lose, didn't they release a defensive lineman? Allen? I think Jonathan, didn't they? Jonathan Allen. I think they lost Allen. Yeah, you replace him. I they could use the corner. Hold On. Theses man. Who He got from, from the Saints came Marshawn. Latimore? Yeah. I don't know. He Yeah, he, I don't know if he can run anymore though. Don't run anymore.


Yeah. But he, he, he had to get his legs up underneath him though. Remember he was hurt for a little bit when he came from the Saints. Yeah. Then when he got out there, we in the middle of the season, Mike Green, you take a edge or a safety outta South Carolina. Okay Nick. Even I, I like it. The pick in you go defense ball. Offense. Defense. Definitely. Defense. Defense. You don't need nothing on offense. Look at what they got.


You got a wide receiving Deebo. You get tonsil. You got Ken Law, you got Will Harris. What did he play? Ot. I like it. I like It. Protect, protect the asset. Yeah. I mean, Wow. Damn man. I'm, But that's the thing about that drive though, man.


God. Did we not watch the film? Forget what the people, what they talk about. The eye and the sky don't lie. Sometimes you, sometimes you'll talk, sometimes you'll talk yourself out something. I believe they talk themself out of this. The, everybody keeps saying, well Jackson Dark Ceiling is higher than Shado Question where Can't even determine that watch is what you talking about. Dad pick right there puts a lot of pressure on your offensive coordinator.


'cause you got new toys, you got Deebo and you're gonna have to put them in positions to score. You got Terry McLaurin, Ryan Robinson, your offensive coordinator's about to be a star. Well, I mean, if Deebo could stay healthy. Well, Kingsbury did an unbelievable job last year. Oh yeah. And now he's got more Year two under his belt. He got more guys that can, that he can step outside of his system. He's getting ready to be a star. Oh yeah. If I'm Kansas City, I'm taking a Morgan Hampton Running back. What you already got onco checko? No. Ugh.


That's crazy. That ain't, that ain't working Bro. You ain't finna have all that kind of kind of time. That ain't working. That ain't worse. Ooh, nice. Nice pass off. Nice pass off. Ooh, excuse me. Look at this Pa I okay, I like to stand. Ooh. Coming around that you, hey, get out the way son. That ain't what you want at all. But see now the ocho you can't go low. You remember? Yeah. Db you create a power. Yeah. Create a, now you, now you gotta take that punishment Chargers.


You Did? Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. He went to the charger. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Because You know they let the other, they let, who did they let go because they had When was the guy from Baltimore? From, from, from, from, from, from 27 number 27 JK Dobbins. Yeah. They lost JK Dobbins. Yeah. So I, I I like, I like the the Chargers pick. Then he went early O other Buffalo. Okay, you Buffalo. What do you get? What, what do you need in Buffalo? The AV white came back. Hold on. What position?


You don't need nothing though. You don't need nothing on offense. You can, you can never have too much offense. Quarter Quarter. You never have too much offense in today's NFL man. But we figure out, We talking about, we talking about jobs. They be you score, but what wins? So they averaging about 13 wins a year and ain't got nothing to show for. You can't have enough, I you can't have all those wins on show with nothing to show for. Yeah. Yeah. But if you look at, look at how they look at where their season ends. Their season ends with either Kansas City well or Kansas City. That's it. That's what they playing against. Basically. They lost, remember they lost against the Bengals.


Did hear the Bengals went to the Super Bowl. Yeah. They lost the Kansas City. They keep saying they wanna get home field. They lost to Kansas City. Kansas City wouldn't there beat them and then went on to Baltimore last year. Yep. They had to go on the road to Kansas City. Yeah, I would drive, based on what Kansas City does to me, It's gonna be the same, same three, same four every single year. Because they got the same four quarterbacks. Something a with those quarterbacks. That's what I would do. Wow. Thank you. YouTube view with all you guys that are sitting out there at home watching us, we greatly, greatly appreciate.


That's one thing we can tell you about that you always appreciate. Report Unc Ocho on Nightcap. We appreciate that. We, we appreciate you Packer fans for standing here with us. Give yourself a round of applause. Go pack. You gotta be unbelievable. I appreciate you, all of you at home watching. You know I love you. I love you. Y'all holding us down. We appreciate that. Oh, it's what we Ash Who you say they, they took a actually corner. Where's he from? Okay. Okay. Oh, SEC guy. I can, I-I-S-E-C guy. He can rush, he can cover. He, Hey, You know Sul dug kind, injured.


He can do it though. They brought your DiUS white bank right back. Yeah. You injured. You know, hopefully he's healthy. A year removed from that. ACL well second year removed from that ACL L. Yeah. But hopefully he's better. I like Russe. I I like the guy from, where is he from? Houston. The, the D Tackle. I love him. I, I can't think of the name off the top of my head. Ash, what's the d tackle number? 91 name from Houston. Houston Or Buffalo? Ed Oliver. Ed Oliver. Ed Oliver. He from Houston from play? Yeah. Ed Oliver. Ed Oliver. I lo I love him. He's got a motor. Yeah. He's violent. He strikes. I I I love every, I love everything about him.


They got Russo on the, on one edge and Vanessa on the other side. Yeah. Now the question is, is Matt Malano fully healthy, but When he's healthy He sideline to sideline. He top three. I like it. I like, I like that. I know You know you, I'm gonna make you famous. I'm gonna make you famous.


He said get it up. He said get up in here. Come on now. Come on. You want some of my beef jerky, Harrison? Hey, what's your hat do look like? Oh, he was at the draft. Who? I say what I, why do they invite certain people when they know they not going in the first round and just have 'em sitting there looking crazy.


I wouldn't come If, You know, unless you just certain he absolutely sure. Huh? Abdul, You know, like Cam and Abdul and, and, and, and Trav. You Know The Campbell jt Man, I ain't, nah Man. That's a, that's a crazy feeling. Ocho you think Jelly Mill go before Sha door? They playing game. Ooh, that's a good one. What you think? And they love it.


I, a lot of people say he had, he has the most upside. They gotta stop you looking at looking at sides and honest strength. And what I tell you told you Ocho cho trading. I told you To. For who? And for what? They traded to Philly. I don't know why. Philly. Philly. They need to move up to 31. They was at 32. They moved up one spot to make sure they get the person they want, get The person they want. Did they really, they really can go anywhere. Right. Other than quarterback. They don't need a wide receiver. They don't need a run it back. They don't need a quarterback.


They don't need an offensive lineman. We know they're not gonna go offensive lineman. No. They got, they. So there they go. They number one and damn near every position. Right. Tackle, left tackle, tackle left guard thinner Receivable. So they they got a top three player? They, they, yeah. Yeah, they do. So d lineman, they loaded it. D lineman. Well they've, they've, they've shown us you can't ever have enough D lineman. Right. You got get the voice fresh, Nice rotation. You got a Jackson recover. So you, you get a situation where, hey, we got a NASCAR package. Yeah. We got a group that stops to run. And then we sp hey, did we change tires right quick?


Do a pit stop. Come on in. Come on in, guys. Let's see what he looking like. Ocho look. No, he got, oh no, he nice. No he not. No he not, he he not playing. Look nice Ocho shoot, look at this back. Oh, he nice. Look at it. Look at this. Look at this o look at this. He nice. I got you. You thought get that. You thought I was going back? No, he, he, he thought I was gonna fall put with that in the tailpipe. No, he in our conference. He's nice down. No, he should have showed that play. No, he, he not back got on the backside. Ooh. Flipped those hips flip. How he flipped them open. Gimme that. Look how he flipped them things.


Man. Look at, look at his feet. Look at his, look at his. Look at this. Look at this. Look at look. He ah, oh, don't try me. Our guys used to always say South Carolina, he believes what he sees. He, he, he, you're gonna have to be real good to fool him. Nice. I like it. Nice eagle. Like him. Eagle said, man, we ain't fitting to hold y'all. We don't need all this time. Come on. That's A good Pig. Okay. That's a p Lion Monash pig. Go db Good Lineback.


Oh What? Oh, linebacker fully. Yeah, they got, they just signed. They just signed Bond back. Yeah. Did they? Yeah they did. Yeah. Nicole Dean, how healthy is he gonna be? You know he had a, that knee. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. See way late.


Action. First The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


All the Philly, I believe y'all coulda got that guy at 32. Yeah, he would've still been there. I believe he still been. I I I believe he'd still been there because if he wouldn't have, if if Kansas City would've wanted him, they wouldn't, they Yeah. Maybe they was worried about somebody else shooting up, but no they weren't. No they would. No, if they were about to fall asleep, they just wanted to do something to get busy in the draft. Yeah. I like it. That's dope. I like it. I look, I like, I like, I like the the Bills pick.


He going, he gonna have his hands full now. Oh yeah. Waddle Tyreek. Yeah. You got Buffalo in that situation. Shaki. Who you got? Palmer got Keon Coleman you gotta deal with. I mean the Patriots ain't got no, I'm talking about that boy. I know you got Step Palm they got. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I'm talking about, I'm talking about that. Yeah, man. Yo, like I said it Step on receiver from Buffalo. Huh? Receiver? No, no. For the Patriots. Yeah, they got digs but Digs is coming off an ACL and You know it only take you a year.


He gonna be on the inside anyway. Yeah. You need to get past that first year when you dealing with that ACL Unless you a Peterson. Right? I don't know. I don't know. Well, I don't know where he rehabbed at. Yeah, you need to be, you need to be Ash.


Is it coming through Ash? No. Jihad. Okay. Okay. I heard him. Huh?


We be, we been, next year we, we got proof of concept show everybody that we can do it. That was Mars. So thank you. I don't do shoes bro.


E-G-A-S-P-A. Oh, Aston. Genty. Wow. It's, oh my goodness. Draft is so different. The draft is so different now. With, with with now when You know, it's when I it used to be on Sunday. Yeah. Day one started Sunday and then it went Monday, Tuesday. Yeah. And you had seven rounds, right? I mean 12 rounds When I came out you had 12. Now they start on, they start on Thursday, go Friday and Saturday.


That is it. Come On. Eagles. Speed. Speed. Speed on defense. Come on. Speed on defense. Come on. Speed. On speed on defense. Campbell Jaw, Campbell speed on defense. Speed. He's on defense. He a thumper though. Yeah, with speed. He a thumper. Yes he is. That's one thing about Baba guys, you hey, you, when they strike?


Yeah, when they get there, you go down. Yeah. You strike there. All them two 20 linebackers. They don't have that. They got them guys 2 35, 2 40 and can run for day. Yeah. Man, that's a good pick for them though. Oh yeah. To get that guy play and he can step outside that defense be on his own. He can make plays on his own. Look. See, well look, look at, look at the side. 6, 2 35. He his own. Get on your horse. Get on your horse. Get on your horse. Do that.


That's mine. Ooh, that's mine. That was a tear of throat. That's Carson Beck. I don't know what he was looking at. He don't either. Look at this. Read and react. Oh, dip it. What Are you doing man? Oh, just some them guys. They be, I don't know what they be doing. I I know they ain't coaching that showed up and heard. He was sudden, wasn't he? He was shut. Yeah. He showed up all of a sudden.


Imagine you a defensive player and you go into the Eagles, Man. Are you talking about a dream come true? What the hell? The cheese are in cheese picker in what we got as how we looking. I wouldn't be mad if they weren't linebacker. Yeah. I mean, pixel take offensive lineman. I would hope so.


I guess you take the don't know Ohio State got an offensive lineman that's still available. Oh yes. Yes. I mean they got DJ Humphrey, who's a year gonna be a year plus removed from the ACL surgery. They got Jwan Johnson Smith is back. They got Creed Humphrey, they need the left guard. You know, Joe Thy is is a in and is in in Chicago now. Yeah.


Chicago has improved tremendously. They absolutely have. Yeah. The cornerback, remember the cornerback? He won't, he wouldn't. Thorpe war. Yes. Yes, yes. And You know, why did, why did he fall? Why did he fall the way he did? I have no idea. I mean, I he's probably thinking the same thing. Shado thinking, how did I, how did I fall? Well, right. Simmons. Simmons, Ohio State tackle. And he's going inside. You Gonna play play.


You gonna play the guard position Or the tackle? Yeah. He's going, they'll move him inside. What? Look, I think everybody, everybody that's out there listening to us, everybody that's here, I think everybody's shocked that your door slid out of the first round. Right. You know, look, once he got past that first three to four, first three, nobody else really needed a quarterback until they got it. Until they got to 21. Right. Okay. He doesn't go in well at nine.


But are you really? Nine. Nine. At Saints. At the Saints. Saints. But are you really that shocked though? Because everybody, except for Mel Keer, everybody was saying Shado was falling like a comet. Everyone j Jackson Dart on the rise, Shado falling except for Mel. And then when you start to look at, at all the, the intent, I mean, they talk about accuracy. Accuracy, but then you look at Jackson Dart, he can move. He's accurate. He, he does all those same things. So I just listening to other people who do this for a living. Yeah. Right. They weren't shocked. The neighbors saying this, this day one since the combine that Jackson Dark went to the combine, mill Row went to the com, they all blew up at the, and and it was like Shado was starting to fall.


Well I think for me is that okay look like tragedy wasn't going to Cleveland. He wasn't going to the Giants. Right, right, right. Okay. With Derek Carr's situation with his shoulder, we don't know if he went how healthy I thought he would've went. So now he doesn't go nine. Nobody until 21 needs a quarterback. He's a quarterback. Right. Once, once Pittsburgh doesn't select him, be like, okay, well maybe somebody trades back. I said, don't your nigga somebody go trade back in the first round. And the Giants did trade back into the first round, and so now they're gonna take and Nate back and take Dart. I don't understand. So, so let me ask you this. Does, does Mill Rowe go before stoop? I just asked him that. I have no idea because I mean, everybody likes Ro.


Everybody said he, he's a treat, he gonna keep growing. They, they like the ability, the four, the the 4, 3 7 speed, the big time arm. Now he struggled with accuracy. I don't like guys that struggle with accuracy in college. Not, not at that level. Not at this level. No. So if you struggle with accuracy in college struggle, we saw that. We, we saw that. We saw that with Anthony Richardson. Yeah. So it's hard to, You know, it is hard to go there and be accurate. Yes. If you don't bring it with you, you ain't picking it up on the way there. Because you got to be, you got to be, you gotta throw guys open. Yes sir. Guys ain't gonna be, every once in a while a guy blow an assignment, miss a coverage, and then all of a sudden you find somebody.


But more times than not, you gotta hit guys on the movie. You cutting it loose before he gets Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta, yeah, you gotta, so I participatory skills, man. But they like to keep talking upside. That's the thing. Ocho I know you're tired of hearing it, but you're talking about upside. He has the ability, his ha he has the, the most ability to expand. Right? Yeah. But when you talk about upside with, with the mill role and these guys, you, the upside is you are not getting off the bus playing right now. Yeah. Your upside is you can wait two years and then you can move in and be comfortable. Right. Upside is not, oh, he's gonna get better at what he does now. No upside is the fact that guess what?


You ain't playing tomorrow. We don't want you to play tomorrow. Right. We really don't need you to play tomorrow. Right. It's, it's like panics in Atlanta, he had tremendous upside because they knew he wasn't gonna play right away. I, but my thing is, and I told Ocho this when they signed cousins, I said, Ocho the best I'm talking about the absolute best you can hope you get from cousins is two years. What happens, Ocho if this car breaks down halfway through the season and I'll be Damn. Now you stuck. You gave him a hundred million guarantee. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's Monopoly money. Everybody's monopoly money. I mean, everybody, everybody can spend, there was a 3% chance he was gonna be available.


So there was a chance. Yeah, yeah. Small. That's, well that's some Bull. I I, wow. I, I I mean Ash Good. I'm only saying la the Rams with Shado. I'm only saying that because Stafford is in, I think the last year of his deal. Yeah. But I don't, but I don't know if it ain't the Rams, I don't know who. Right. I mean, the Saints could come back in the second Rams. Well, Cleveland is up. Cleveland picks first in the, in the first, in the second round. Might be the first one taken At the end of the day, bro.


I won't. It's where it's, it's, it's where you go. Not ha ha you go. Yeah. I, I've always said that. I'm like, I, You know, I, I don't care. I don't care. Just let me get in a system that'll allow me to keep being me. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I want. Because I wanna be in a system that I can keep. I don't have to learn to be you. I don't have to learn to be you. Right. I want to get off the bus being me and that, that's the most important thing. Yeah. I mean, the money is good too. You know, I, I'd really like to go second then to go seventh, but other than that, I get a system that will allow me to be me. I mean, I go to a, went to a situation, I went to one of the three teams that had an HVAC position. Yeah. What if I don't go to a team that doesn't have an HVAC position?


I came to a team that didn't want me Washington, the Chargers and the Broncos. Yeah. The only team that had aback position. Yeah. Yeah. All the tight ends get hurt. Yeah. What are the chances? There's no chance that all three of 'em get hurt right there, there is no chance. I'm, I'm the, I'm the biggest wide receiver. I just happened to weigh 215 pounds and so Hey, he could play tight end right. Huh? What wouldn't have had 215 pound tight end was in the sixties. The fifties, not the nineties. Right. But it's a half the highest drafted receiver says Calvin Johnson in two thousands.


Well, Dale, well he's the highest drafted DB says who we last type of DB went the second, second pick. Sure. What Prime, what number? Prime Went Prime was five. So we, we went before Prime. Sean Springs went too in 98. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He came out with Wood Charles Wilson. Okay. But Sean was nice Boy. He was nice for that one year. I don't know. I don't know what happened. And then everybody started cooking. Whoa. That's Ocho right now. That was OCHO release right now? Yeah. That was OCHO release that stabbed. Oh. And he like, oh, I ain't going nowhere. I ain't going nowhere. That was Ocho he off take off on that was a OCHO release right now. Eh? Excuse me.


That that's a, that I, yeah, I had, he got a lot of you man. He does. He has a lot of you. Yeah. Look, he twit you little, so he really twit you. Ooh, man. 82 to 58. That's, he gonna be, he gonna be nice and duval man. Oh Yeah. He finna put them butts in the seats, boy. Yeah. He finna put 'em in the seat. I just, I, You know, I just hope they don't wear him down or they, yeah, but how do you play him? They, They gonna let him do what he want. Now How do you play him?


I, I, I build a package on offense, but I'm play He playing defense. Playing defense. You drafted him as a DB to play receiver. Oh. You getting ready to lose the rule? Lose what Room's? The receiver room. Hi. Ain't any better than what's there. That ain't got nothing to do with my money, Man. We ain't trying to hear all that. Oh Really? You better than what's there Really? On both sides of the boat. Okay. So now, so now we going do this. I honestly, I'm, I'm just telling you. Hold, Hold, hold on. You been in them room? Yeah. What receiver? You know, don't mind sharing the ball. What receiver You know is okay with you making catch? Well, it don't matter. I mean, at the end of the day, I think it, it's, it's always like this when you are a rookie coming in.


Oh yeah. You gotta prove it. He don't, you gotta prove it. He now. Yeah. I, I ain't just, I ain't just finna, You know, just take it. I understand. I know. Look, your position is is here, you here for the next three years. But I'm still gonna make it work or they gonna put me on the other side. Yeah. One or the other. I ain't going to the bench. Hold on. Who the receiving in Jacksonville right now? Man, they got, ah, Brian Thomas. Oh my God. Nevermind. I'll tell you that back. Yeah. You think he, He, he, hold on. He's the second best receiver In Jacksonville. What you, what you think Brian Thomas gonna be happy seeing him coming through? Brian Thomas Jr. Talk. No. Hey, that's, that's some good help though. Yeah. That's some good help. Brian. He not better than Brian Thomas Jr.


I know that the Best question Now with that being said, how did I forget That? Do you pair him with Brian Thomas and let him play limited snaps on defense and let him play? Boy, that, that's what I would do. Nah, That's what I would Brian, Brian Thomas Jr can carry that load by himself. 'cause he did it last year. The question is, let's see what Jacksonville does. Day two, they ain't got no second round pick. They gave that up when they moved up. So they ain't got no second round. So there you go. He receiver here. Receiver they gotta be, may you see Gill's son? Yeah. Yeah. I text him


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wow. That right there. Okay? Mm. Jazz. Crazy jazz. Keep Kayvon Thibodaux will exercise to the like why would, why would, why would they not keep Thibo? You got him on a fifth year option. Why would you not keep it right? I, I'm, I'm not, I mean anybody surprised by that? No. Not at all. No think so either. No, not at all. Not really. I mean, you got, you, you, you play him with Fido on one side.


You got Abdul caught on the other and you got Big Lawrence in the middle. Oh, you put 'em on both. Put 'em both on the same side. Ooh. And move them. Right. Just d just twist and stunts. You got big deck. Big decks. You know, he gonna hold it down in the middle as boy. Big deck's a good one. I mean, I like, I like what the draft ski I do too. 'cause you gotta, you gotta go hunt. I do too. You gotta, you gotta hunt. Jalen, Jalen Hertz. You gotta hunt Jayden Daniels, you gotta go hunt Dak. Well, I Think you definitely gotta look at, at Washington and Philly because their quarterbacks are moving. You definitely gotta have somebody that can move with them. Oh yeah. I don't think Dak is gonna move as much as one round as much as those two Uhuh.


But those two in Philly and Washington, they moving. You need, yeah. You need some folks that can go get them. Alright. Look, this was, this was the worst kept secret ever. Yeah. What? Very, yeah. I mean, I mean think about it. After this pro day, they canceled all the other, come on there Ojo. We know what we doing. We know we, we've seen enough. I like it. I like this pick look.


I like, Hey, hey. I like, I like, I like the top picks. Does he play His first year? Oh yeah. He played Wait, in, in, in Tennessee. Yeah. He gonna have to, I think he, I I, I he may even play day one. So you don't think he sits a year Not in number one? No. You don't sit number one. Number one gets off the bus. They did Carson. Yeah, but they don't do that no more. Yeah. And Lamar, Yeah, Lamar. But Flacco came off a Super Bowl. That's right. You know, it's, it's hard to beat a quarterback than was Super Bowl. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And You know, look, you can think we'll say what you want about Joe Flacco's better than Will Nevers. Yeah. By far. Gee, Mahomes, he sat behind Alex Smith. Alex Smith. Yeah. Alex Smith was number one over overdraft pick. They were in the playoff the year before. Right. Wow. And think about it, all the playoffs success that they had, Andy still traded up to take him number 10. Yeah. You see how the forward thinking, I know what this offense says, but it could be so much better. Better, man, I got Kelsey. I got Tyreek. He saw it. But, but, but you, but sometimes as a coach, you gotta do things that's unconventional because man, you man, you just went to the playoffs, man.


You got Alex Smith playing so well. Right. But I know what this offense can be. I see what it is, but I know what it can be. Right. If I get me somebody that'll push the ball down the field, that's not afraid to take chances because You know, I named him Check down Alex. Yeah. So I I, Oh, I can't. They did What? Pistols what happened? Pistols lost by two Jalen. Bronson probably did something incredible. Look at that. 12 and, and Kat 1224. Kat had 31. What Kade dude did K go crazy.


Kade 24 and 11. Hardaway Junior 24. Hmm. Oh, okay. You look like grizzly Grizzly's showing some fight. They, they trying. Oh, it's still a lot of game to go. Yeah, it is. Y'all must be going crazy. Or Jar Jackson Pippin Jr. Jar J. Yeah, I like this Man. The Clippers, the tenders.


Yeah. They put killing The nuggets. They Are yo got a triple double already. I'm not, I I'm, I mean this your door man. IIII think I I I, it'd be interesting to see what, what, what, You know, social media has to say about, about by Shado falling. No, it'll be interesting if Melroe go before him. Oh my gosh. If, if Melroe go before him.


But it's, but it's, but it's, but it's possible. Yes, it's possible. Yes. I mean, it's, it's not like it's, it is out of the realm of possibility. This has been a collective effort. Media GMs owners. But a simple fact they allowed So, So is it because his last name Sanders? That's what you're saying. There's no other reason. There's no other reason. Turn, turn the film on. I want, I want my quarterback confident because if he doesn't have that, he can't play. I don't care what if I agree what his skill set is. I I gotta have confidence. You gotta be, you just have to believe. Look in pro sports, you have to believe you. The baddest mofo out here. And I'm here for a reason.


And you gotta be mentally strong and not allow the outside noise to get to you. And that's hard, man. That's hard. But I, I think, and, and plus you can't go press now Ocho Yeah. I can't show you what, I can't show y'all what y'all missed in one game. Okay. Yeah. But let's look at, let's look at his, let, let, let's look at the history of those. Let, let, let's just say he Andro, just to throw out two names, right. He's always been the guy. He's always been the guy. He's never been challenged. Not saying that's good or bad, I'm just saying he's never had to Show you that I am who you think I am or want me to be.


Right. Jalen Monroe was about to be a dv. Lemme ask you this. If I takes your door and put him at Alabama and I take Melrose and put him at Colorado, you think Alabama has a better record or a worse record with Shado? I I, I'm gonna say a worse record because Shadur doesn't run enough or run more. Okay. I, I think with, with Melrose's legs and, and I think he throws it accurately enough in college football to be, for that team to be successful. If, if Nick Saban is still coaching and no, no dis on coach the board. But I, I just think that when you look at what, what Nick had him do, he was very good at what Jalen Mill Monroe is.


I don't know if Shadu could take an Alabama office because he doesn't run enough. Doesn't use it. College football is all about the legs, man. You gotta, you gotta use those legs. Well, he ain't, Melroy ain't running in Colorado with that offensive lie. No. Melroy would've been running in Colorado with that offense. Yeah. He, he would've been running, he run on complete 74% of his throws. I know that he might not have 10 touchdowns behind that offensive lie. I agree with that. I don't agree with that. We don't have a thousand yards rushing though, or 2000 yards rushing. Yeah. I I I kind of, I kind of disagree a little bit. Will obviously they're in Alabama. Just say hypothetically, if the players is switched, there's no Travis Hunter in Alabama.


But I think collectively as, as a group Williams ain't bad though. Nah, No, no. But but, but that's what I'm saying. See in that con you, you gotta look at how the conference is built. Oh, the conference is built. You see all you got move. You see Georgia, you see all them dli, all dv, all them dli. But the edge rush, you gotta be able to move in quarterback Georgia. Ole Miss. I mean, you gotta be able to move it. You gotta be able to move. If you look at all the quarterbacks in the SEC, they can throw it. Even if he can't do it with his legs, he's a better throw of the ball than the RO is. Yeah. Yeah. But we gonna attack that weakness. See that? See, when you are dual threat, it is hard to attack a weakness. 'cause we don't know which one it is.


But if you can't run, you gonna be standing back there. Oh yeah, we getting to that. Our conference is built on getting to that. Right. That is a interesting situation though. If you had to put some money, what do you Think you doing? End talk. Now here's the thing. I'm going with the Rams. I'm staying, the shark is going be, if he slides outta the second round, we already, we surprised right? That he slid outta the first round. We would be shocked. I gassed. But if he slide again, I, I I wouldn't even know to say I, I I wouldn't even know what to say. Second Round Saints.


Can I go Ram Now? That's, that's, that's, that's Disrespectful. Can I go back to, can I go back to college? Yeah. Saints, Rams. Can I get my eligibility back and go back to college? That it's gotta be one of those two Saints and Rams. Yeah. Oh, I, I say Cleveland To you guys that came out and stood at the entire show. Thank you so very much. I'm good. I appreciate you. I appreciate you. I appreciate you To our listen. Don't run boy, to our view, don't run boy to our Be don't run audience. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for Nightcap Nightcap draft edition 2025. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. This is your favorite number, 85 finger ring of Fame Artery Pro bowler all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnsonn.


We want to thank our guest, Dante Hall, the human joystick, pro bowler, Joe Thomas and newly admitted pro All Pro Hall of Famer 2025 Packer Legend. Charlie Shark. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Good night. I love you. Call me The Volume,


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.