
I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their Era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters, So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal Flash, Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bench you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did you know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 and estimated based on a large, large clinical study of patients 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, it's your favorite on Shannon Sharp. And I'm a role sponsor. I'm also a customer. Women can sense confidence in how sexy they think that is. Therefore, worrying about your erection can affect your swag in the bedroom. Spontaneous sex can be hot and exciting. Men, you can feel like a superhero when you get hard fast. In those situations, Rose Sparks are two in one prescription treatment for stronger, harder erection. They hit the bloodstream faster because they dissolve under the tongue and getting harder. Faster means having more sex after they dissolve. They work at about 15 minutes on average. RO Spark stays active in your system up to 36 hours. So you can go back to back to back three feet round after round. Be ready in the morning. RO connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online so there's no awkward conversation with in-person providers. If approved treatment ships directly to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients gets $15 off, role sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider@row.co slash Nightcap to find out if a prescription role sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/ Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA-approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety information, go to road.co/safety info.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp, that guy, the Liberty City Legend, the bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. We greatly, greatly appreciate your continued support because you've been with us through Think and Thin from the very beginning until the very end.


And we cannot thank you enough. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. What better way to celebrate 2025 and all the great accomplishments that you will have. If you cannot find Shaa by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. Hey, you see what oh joke. You ain't got with what? Oh, make what time out tack. Come on. We supposed to be partners now. Now come on. Don't do black. I'll bought this. You bought it from where?


In New Orleans? They were selling them in New Orleans. Hold on. If we have merch, right? Yes. As a partner of yours, you know this is something we did together. This is joint. Yes. You hear me? Yes. When you do something on the joint, if you got something then I should have something. If you bought one then you should buy me one. And then the same goes if I see something I like, you know when I get one I'm gonna get you one too. Now I you got, we got the move one band, one sound. Hey, re you should ask Rel, REL bought one who? Re R-E-L-L-E. Rail. Praise God. Ha rail. Praise God. Praise God. I I would, I would, I would've liked some of the Me too like this.


I'm, I'm Joe. I bought it. You make it seem like they comped me this, I purchased it. Okay. But punk, listen, if we had a show, we in New Orleans, we did a show together. In your mind, your mind should have clicked. Boom. If I'm buying a shirt, let me get a two x for Ocho two. Like how that knock on your mind. What I see is that my team, there's Shelly, you had Doug and Ryan that was there. Ra was there. My team went back, pulled money out, said, Hey, they got your merch up, would you like something? I said, yeah, get t-shirts. Got my brother extra Triple X, three of them. I got myself something. Hold on. You got yourself something. So you just ain't thinking about me at all.


No, my team got me something. They said. Oh, So you had your team. So, so hold on, hold on. Okay then. So now you putting, you putting the onus on your team so your team ain't even think about me when they was buying shirts. Yeah. 'cause they walked right past re and she was checking out. Rel was checking out. You had Doug De and Chad. What y'all think about this? I I I think your team should thought, should have thought about that. No, no, no. Chad. What y'all think merchandise that o Ojo and I, yeah, we are partners in Nightcap. I purchased this outta my pocket. He make it seem like it was comped. I purchased it. I didn't say ain't nothing wrong with you purchasing it. If I see something you like, I'm going purchase it too. Hey, I like that. I like that color man.


Which one? The black with the white with the white guts. Listen, I say you mine. No, no, no, no. You said if I like something, you going to get it for me. That's what you just said. I, I, I, listen, we and now we talking about two different things. We talking about a coloring a Rolls Royce and we talking about a t-shirt that cost $4. How much it cost $40. Hey, when you pay me my money, I'd have got it. But once you didn't pay me my money fi you owe me, you supposed to gimme 5,200. I could have bought a lot of t-shirts. Wait a minute, I still owe you that money. You sure do. You know what? I'm gonna get that to you. You got Zelle Man. Look. 84 with 84 being spelled out.


We just dropped our Nightcap and chill collection as well as all restock restock on items Super Bowl show. These are link, the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited. So once they're gone they're gone. It drops tomorrow. So the Nightcap and chill and no Nightcap and Chill dropped last week. These and hats drop tomorrow. So, Hey, speaking, speaking of merch on, I, I I just wanna tell you, I'm, I'm out here in The Bahamas. I've been here for the past two, three days. Yeah, but everybody love Nightcap. Huh? You hear me everywhere. Everywhere I go on the island. Everybody watching the show. So, I mean, this would, this would be a good time for you to, to thank your Bohemian followers.


'cause every they all watching. They all watching right now. Oh yeah. Yeah. So it's been love everywhere. They keep telling me to tell you to come out here and I tell, I told you'll be in next week. I don't know about all that, but I'm gonna get there. I wanna, first I wanna send a special thank you to BET for posting the, the NAACP Image Awards. I also want to thank the NAACP image awards for having me. Last night I won Club Sheha won for Best Podcast Society and Culture Ocho. Absolutely right. See, this is what I'm talking about.


See, this is what I'm talking about right here. The confetti. Ashley, Ashley, Jordan doing this. Boy. See y'all gonna clean this issue up too. I just want y'all to know, Hey, nobody going nowhere till y'all clean this issue up. Hey, that's funny. That's funny. But being there last night, Ocho and being around all those entertainers, celebs and things of that nature and everybody, man, we love Nightcap. We love what you and OCHO do on, on, on Nightcap. Yeah. They love Club Sheha. I mean the guys were like, man, we gotta get our fix man. When you on first take on Mondays and Tuesday, say we like, hey, we love dio, we like Mad Dog and the other guys with you and Steven ain't mad.


I mean, it was so positive. It was so great. All the negativity that you might see online and I see online, it wasn't none of that. There. Ocho ain't none of that. Ain't none of that. There's a, there's a, there, there's a very small percentage of people that don't like or have something negative to say about what we are doing. Whether it be clubs, whether it be Nightcap. That's why I like now normally I would nor I'm normally in the house. Yeah. Like if you notice in 2025, I'm outside a little bit more and I'm able to see how people feel about not just you, about me and what we are doing together. You hear me? Yes. It's love everywhere I go on. Yes, it's different. Yes, it's different. It it is.


And to, you know, the, obviously the, the way they were getting, you know, they got their legacy awarded rightfully so. And talking to Damon, obviously I, I interviewed Marlon and got an opportunity to meet his sister for the first time. Met Damon Way Jr. Just met so many people and all positive bro, just keep doing what you're doing and they tell, Hey, don't worry about that. All that other stuff you keep doing. What you doing? You keep uplifting. You keep moving in a, in a, in a positive direction, bro. And we got you. So thank you everybody in attendance. We had a great time. All man Ocho, they stayed on your boy last night. What you did? Oh man. Oh man. DL man cut me man. DL cut me not dl Dion.


Cole, man, Dion wouldn't get off me for nothing. What he did wrong? Huh? Man, the man talking about, you know, he prayed. He prayed and he, he getting in on everybody. So I was like, oh, I'm cool. I done, he done, he done got off me. He said, Lord, please, please get Shannon out those tight clothes. There's some eighth grader that want to get a outfit and he can't get it. 'cause Shannon done purchased them all. Lord, help him get out of them clothes. He mean what? Oh man. Every time. And then, you know, Dion was the host, but like in intermission, right? There is a a a, there's another em, there's another Ho guest and he come on and cracking. So Jalen, Jalen, Jayden, Jayden Daniels, his mom was there with one of her friends.


And so she came down, she's like, Hey Shannon, I give lady a hug. This man gonna talk about is that Michelle Shannon? Hey listen, hey hon. Honestly young, you, You know, you know where's Waldo? Yeah. Everybody wants to know who, what people in the world still know who where Waldo is. Everybody wants to know who Michelle is. Listen, I see you, I see you every day, you know, four times a week. I don't even know who Michelle is to this point. I, I wanna know. I just stop asking. So I mean, listen, at some point Michelle is going to have to reveal herself or you're gonna have to reveal her. Or you can keep it a mystery or you can keep it a mystery. Like Jimmy Hoffa, you wanna do you guys fine.


It's fine. She cool. She look, she don't want y'all in her business. Right? So I'm gonna leave it at that. Check this out with Joe. The 76 ERs, Joelle and Bead is exploring options for his knee, the spin la the 76 ERs and Joel and Bead are consulting doctors and considering alternative options such as surgery for his injured left knee, both sides of hope to for progress in Ed's condition. But his determination to play and current treatments, including regular injections sources said have not led to anything improve. Embi has publicly and privately said in recent weeks that he might eventually need surgery or an extended rest period for his knee to heal.


But he has been determined to find ways to continue playing and be available for the 76 ERs OCHO Yeah, the Joel. And be shut it down. I I think obviously it, it's, it's hampering him. It's hampering his play. It's affecting his ability to dominate the way he once did because of his ailing knee. He's not able to dominate the game as he always has. You know, when he is healthy. My suggestion to him be, I'm thinking about players, whether it be NBA or bat NBA or football that have gotten, that have had knee troubles and have come back successful and been able to dominate at their respective craft and respective positions.


And the only thing I can think of, only person I can think of is a Adrian Peterson. What Adrian was able to do after having a a tearing his ACL complete ACL L Yep. I I don't know what doctor Lord had mercy. I don't know what doctor Adrian Peterson went to, but whatever he did, whatever procedures, whatever, whatever rehab he did, and b needs to follow suit. I know there's a difference in height and weight and everything, but if, if, if Adrian Peterson come back and not skip a beat or not miss a beat and come back and do what he did and still play at an elite level after completely tearing his A, C, L and B can come back to as well if he's serious about putting the work to get back to his dominating ways.


Think about what AP was before he got injured. So he approached it. You don't think, huh? You don't think, and B was his physical condition. Did we have ever have any doubts about a ad AP Adrian Peterson conditioning? Did we have any, did we have any doubt any questions about his desire and what football meant to him? I see what you mean. Okay, I see where you're going. So now he's going to, so everybody's like, man, a ad's not gonna be what he once was. His mindsets I'm gonna be better than what I once was and he attacked it. Right?


Hey, it's Bobby Bones Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save warmer Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hop isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Cur. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four Page is a lead. Okay? Okay. I'm mad on my left 'em off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen to goat, greatest of their error on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


You said there's a difference, there's a difference between being six foot six one and two 20 as opposed to being seven one and 3 43 20. You see the difference? Yeah. And is it, is it possible injured young people grow up to be injured old people? You don't get healthier as you age, right? Normally when you have issues as a, as an adolescent juvenile, what happens? You carry those illnesses into adulthood. Okay? There have been times that may sometimes you get out of it. I mean, you have allergies or you have migraines or things of that nature.


And sometimes you can overcome them, but a lot of times if you are injured or you have illnesses or ailments as a youngster, you know that normally follow you into your adulthood. Go ahead. I got a good question, Chad. Y'all could answer this too. AP obviously he had the mindset, everything is mindset when it comes to, to getting injured regardless of how much money have you made. Do you think Ed's mindset can change at this stage in his career, despite already being rich, despite already being paid? Is is it possible to for, for that hunger to still be there?


Is it possible that that hunger to want to dominate and get back to where he once was when he is healthy or when he was available on the court? You, you think, you think it's still there because that's, that's, that's the hard, that's the hard thing for people, especially players. Especially once you make a certain amount of money, you kind of get, I don't wanna say you got comfortable. I'm not saying he's comfortable. Yeah, that same urge and want to and desire. Oh you know what, I got to, I got miles of feed, you know, I got bills to pay. When you already got two, you sitting on 200, $250 million already. I mean, what's the desire to come back and wanna play or at least get back healthy to your dominating wage? You, So you, we have a conversation, and we talk about this a lot, is that when someone has everything, when they have Fame, they have adulation, they have praise, they've made money and they still play and they still train as if they're broke.


Yeah. You look at a LeBron, you look at a Brady, you look at a Kobe, you look at a Jordan, you look at some of these guys now that's currently in the league. Yes sir. It, it's ocho it's hard when you live in a ivory tower and you got mink pajamas, it's a different, it's different. Ocho it it's different. What kind of pajamas? Mink they got mink pajamas. For real? I'm just saying when you got mink slippers and silk pajamas and everything, right? You can live in an ivory tower and everything is marble and hardwood. Right? And you got, and you got, he just signed an extension three years, 193 million. Now he still got, had two years left this year, another year.


And then the 1 93 kicks in. And to adopt a mindset, I'm flat ass broke. That was the mindset I had. I wasn't making a whole lot of money. But even when I made money, I wanted them to say, man, we underpaying them. We got a bargain. Okay. Everybody doesn't think like that, don't you? And so it takes a special type of person just get money and still work as if they're broke destitute. Right. So you already, you already know it. And it is a funny thing when you say that that's already in you, huh? Yes in you. It doesn't just happen once you get it. You know what, I'm gonna pretend like I ain't got no money. I'm gonna continue to, to, to train and approach my craft and my game as if I ain't got it.


So it wasn't in you before you got the money. It definitely ain't gonna hit, ain't gonna be no light switch to kick on once you make it. Nope. And so that's why you look at Floyd Mayweather after all those titles, that big money he's still going after to get it. Yeah. You look at some of the boxers, look at Buster Douglas. He knocked out. Mike Tyson got in great shape to beat Mike Tyson. Get 25, 30 $5 million fight. Holy field. Boom. Damn. So you, you, you, you can see I, that's why I have a great appreciation. You should have a great appreciation also. And being a former athlete and knowing, coming from the trenches, getting it out the mud, getting it out the concrete jungle. I be, I have a greater appreciation for guys.


LeBron has got that. Look at what LeBron has accomplished. Now he's currently playing and he's worth 1.2, 1.3 billion. But everybody talks about what he puts in. He gets to the arena five hours earlier. He does all this stuff. He gets his shoot around, he gets in the cold tub, he gets stretched, he gets his lift in. He's still doing this 22 years in the league. Remember I said greatness is monotonous, is boring. What's what? Same. What's great about that? He, he on the bus, he in the hotels. Boom, boom, boom. Mike Macias doing all this. That's what I tell people. People think I, I wish you could have a conversation.


'cause I I did have a conversation with Jeff Bezos. I met him a couple of times and to hear, hear him talk that not one at one point in time did he mention any part Now maybe now you worth 230 billion. But at no point in time when he was building this, was it glamorous? Because it was a grind? Because it was monotonous. Because it was boring. Yeah. Listen, listen to who is that Larry Ellison. Look at Bill Gates, look at Warren Buffett. Look at these guys. Mark Zuckerberg. Look at these guys that have built things of a cr. Now look guys, if y'all just want a nine, if I'm not, I'm not talking about, I'm not talking about, you know, I'm just saying, I'm looking at it from a standpoint of being great and I think Joe, LMB wanted to be great and he had an opportunity.


I don't know if he'll ever, I don't wanna say ever, but it's so hard. Ocho he's getting older right? And his body is failing him more. Because at once upon a time, you know, when you, when you, when we first started ocho, you've never been injured. But I could bounce back. I get a nick, I could bounce back at the end of the week, I'm ready to go. Right? Right. Then all of a sudden, what a injury that would have me bounce back at the end of a week. Now all of a sudden I miss a game and then all of a sudden I missed four games. Next thing you know, I missed the whole season. As I got older, my body couldn't recover. I remember, hey, we could play when you young Ocho your first two, three years, Hey, play Sunday. Play Thursday. Good.


Hey you wanna, we need to play another, we to play another game on Monday night. Let's rock and roll. Right? Then all of a sudden I gotta get in the cold tub before practice. Gotta get in the cold tub again after practice come in early in the morning, get in the cold tub. It's just, I I, you know, he's played just 39 ga he played 39 games last season after tearing the meniscus in his knee. Ah, this season, the lingering knee issues combined with a foot sprain have caused him to play just 19 of 56 games. Because what happens ocho, if you get a flat tire and you continually drive on that car, on that flat tire, it just don't mess up the rim and the rotor on that side. It fs up your alignment.


Yeah. Because you're trying to compensate every, the body is meant to work in unison, in, in, in, in, in sequence. Yeah. Just like your body, you be, hey, you start having knee issues. Before long you gonna have hip problem, you gonna have back problem. You gonna have feet, foot problems. That's just the way it is. And because you're dealing with a man his size with knee problems. Yeah. That, that, that's bad. So listen, what, what were the expectations for the Sixers coming into the season? Boy, they supposed to be, they supposed, they supposed to challenge the Celtics. You got Jordan and B, you got Tyree Maxi and you just gave Paul Georgia Max contract, right? So you got three guys. Maxie was an all star. We know what Jordan, MBA, former MVP finished run up to Nicole and Yoki led the league against scoring.


Why? Right. Paul George, we know, Hey, he was supposed to be that third and missing piece, right? So the expectations were through the roof. It was supposed to be Boston, the Cav, the Knicks and the, and the Sixers. Those were supposed to be the team that's duking it out for an opportunity to, are they, are they even in contention is even? No, no. They, they, hey, they might go ahead and go ahead and tank for Cooper flag or that kid from Auburn or something. It's over for them. Well then a a at that point then I think it is okay for for to shut it down. Yeah. I I I think it's, I think it's okay, especially at this point. If you're only hurting yourself, if anything, You know, you just, you just tore your meniscus.


You're coming back and now you have a foot sprain that's, that's injury on top of injury. So all you're gonna do is make it worse. Yes. All you gonna make it worse. It's like, it's like getting a flat tire. You put air back in it and instead of getting a new tire, you just plug it at some point it's gonna go flat again. Walk around with a rocky issue, put a little rocky, put a little rocky issue and walk around with it. Now you And that's aggravating. That's aggravating. Guess what Ocho, you ain't gonna put no pressure on that thing 'cause you don't wanna feel that thing. Now watch your hip on the other side watching what it do. Watch what your knee and your back do because you overcompensating because the body gonna compensate. That's what the body does. Sure. And then guess and so like hey, at some point in time they're like Shh, you know what?


You won't stop and get this rock out. I'm gonna sit you down. Yeah. That's what's gonna happen. So you're looking at the, right now the Washington, the Wizards are nine and 47. The pelicans are 14 and 43. Utah 14 and 42. Charlotte 14 and 41 Toronto 18 and 39. The 76 ERs have the sixth worst record at 20 and 36. They've lost seven straight and last nine games, they're one and nine. Excuse me, the last 10 games, they're one and nine. Well god damn he should, he should have been set it down or shut it down. He should have shut it down at the Allstar break.


So right now they should theoretically, but you know how the lottery is. I mean just because you got the sixth worst record, that don't mean you're gonna get the sixth pick in the draft. They could get the number one pick. They could get, they could be at the bottom of the lottery, Richard, like 14 to 15, right? Don't know. But I just think the thing is, at this point in time, you're not going to win a title. Even if Jordan B comes back healthy, which he's not, just go ahead and shut him down. Just go ahead and shut it down and give him, so now he has March, April, may, June, July, August, September to have this procedure and try and get back healthy for next year says okay, but at the rate is going, I don't really see a scenario when you Joe, l and b finishes his career in 76 ERs and you know what's gonna happen, what's gonna happen.


It's just the way life works. Just the way sports works is sometimes I think they gonna make a, they, I'm not gonna call it a mistake. They're going to remove themself from having to deal with him beat and the injuries and injury history in general. He gonna go somewhere else. Ain going be gonna be all world. He gonna be all world. He gonna be healthy, he gonna be fine. I, I guarantee it. It happens all the time. I've, I've seen it happen multiple times. You know, a player was on a specific team. He was very good at what he does, but due to injuries it didn't allow him to reach his full potential with that specific team. He goes somewhere else after getting surgery in an off season, having enough time to, to get healthy and plays lights out and reaches the potential that he should have at a whole nother team.


I guarantee it's gonna happen. I hope that's the case. San Antonio Head Coaching Hall of Famer Greg Popovich is not expected to return this season and his future is uncertain as he recovers from a mild stroke suffered in November. Sham added during the appearance on the E-S-P-N-N-B-A countdown that pop is getting stronger and stronger in his rehab. The news came two days after Spurs announced that wi would be, would be shut down for the rest of the season after being diagnosed with a DVT deep vein thrombosis in his right shoulder. Everybody you notice on Joe every, when somebody else has a procedure it is always mild or mild stroke.


You notice it's never mild, it's never minor surgery when it's on you. Man, I'm about to have surgery. Oh you getting scope boy A it's minor. Everything is minor or mild. As long as it's on somebody. Yeah. When it's on you it's major, major. Yeah. We know what Greg Popovich is. We know who he is. We know what he is. He is one of the greatest coaches in NBA history. Some said based on what he's been able to do and the time in which he wasn't able to do it, he might be one or two. We know coach a coach aback what he was able to do with the Celtics in the sixties. Phil Jackson has 11 titles and, and pop, same team, same system.


Tim Duncan, Tony Parker and Manu basically. And then at the tail end they got Kawhi. But it's sad. I speedy recovery coach, he need you back on the sideline. Mean mother reporters asking them why they asking you them questions. You watching the game. Right. Oh man. But hopefully, like I said, I I, I didn't expect him to return ocho. Right. Mild stroke doesn't matter. That's something serious. My grandmother suffered from one of those and You know, you gotta learn obviously to the degree how bad, how severe it is. But you know, she had to learn how to, you know, walk again and move up. You know.


'cause normally one side of the brain affects the opposite side of the body. So you have to relearn all that stuff again. And now I'm saying she's getting they coach Pop, I can assure you is getting the best PT possible. Right. He's probably getting PT multiple times a day. But Coach get well soon. Yes sir. You and Weby, y'all got something special growing out now with or Stephan Castle, they got a, they got a nice little squad brewing down there Ocho. They really do. I like VAs. Huh? Oh yeah, they got D they got D Fox now. Darren Fox, they got Castle, they got Vassal, they got Den Johnson coming off the bench. CP is is you know, gives them great leadership and then you know they got whim, they got that that alien seven four can shoot the three, put the ball on the floor, can post up.


You can do a lot of different things. Yeah. Me personally, I think he shoots a little bit too many threes. He's one of the great, he's already one of the great defenders in NBA history. So they got something special brewing now they just need pop to come back, get Weby healthy and let's see what this thing looks like in the next two to three years. Nico Yoic, who was famously drafted in the middle of a Taco Bell ca que Sarita commercial. He finally spoke about that. He admitted I've never had Taco Bell just because of that. Wait, he never had Taco Bell because he was drafted. They was in commercial when he was drafted. So, so he was in, he was he was in the second round.


He was the 60th pick. Right. Once you get past, basically once you get past one through 15, you know people all of a sudden they go into the bathroom going to get beer. They, you know, if they have draft parties or whatever the case may be. Right. So you know damn well it's not like the NBA ocho, I mean the NFL where You know, you got good picks, you know the second round, third round, some guys are all American then going into the second and third round. Right. So you kind of tuned in a little bit more than basketball. Once you get past that one through 15, that might be like he was 60th. So he's in the second round. They, hey, hey. They go, goes to show you they was in commercial 60th on Yes.


Three time League MVP finals. MVP one of the great players in NBA history was a second round pick. I asked him what was wrong with his footage. Was it that bad? He was outta shape. He was a he And like I said, if you look at him, you hear the thing, you judge, they judge the book by its cover. He a had, he had a three inch vertical. You know what I'm saying? He was a little, he little outta shape. So I'm sure they took EF in the first round because he was drafted. He was drafted by the Nuggets. So was Yusef went in the first round, if I'm not mistaken.


But I'm sure he could shoot the ball as efficient as he is right now. Even with a three inch vertical. I'm sure he could shoot the ball before he even got drafted. He, they had to have seen the potential. If they didn't see the potential he was 41st pick. What, what was, what was Dre what? Nothing in that same draft. Right? Right. What was, what was yo 41st or 60th? He was the 60th pick Chad. L-L-O-S-O-T. He was not 41st. They said 41st. 31st.


Ash Ashby gave me some wrong information. He was the 40, 41st pick in the draft. I mean, I Which is 11 picks after the first round. After the first round. 'cause there's 30 teams. So one through 30 is the first round. So he went 11 picks into the second round. Draymond Green was a sec two a second day pick. But now is that, is that a bad thing? It's not a bad thing. Especially once you, once you blossom into what you should be. Right. But it just goes to show Ocho some things you just can't see. Everything is measurables. Right. How high can you jump? How fast can you run? How can you do this? There are certain things he he's never gonna win anything with his t-shirt off and jumping and dunking and doing all that.


He ain't finna do nothing. Right, right. He's not. But put a ball in his hand. Oh yeah. He come to play. Now there, there, there are certain guys in the NFL we've all seen it. We've seen guys go to the combine, jump through the roof, touch the ceiling. The RCA dome. We've seen guys run four two run four three. We've seen guys bitch press 35, 40 times. You put him in that structured environment. It's a, they're a no show. Couldn't play dead in a horror movie. Look like toys and play like Jane. You don't know no rhyme or reason No Joe. Because some things you can, can measure. You can't measure everything. What's inside of him?


What makes him tick? Oh yeah, what makes him, what makes a guy tick? Where did he come from? How did he grow up? Yeah. Is he hungry now? Because there are a lot of guys hungry that just refuse to eat. But I need a guy hungry. Yeah. I'm talking about starving. That's why we should put on, if I don't get this, guess what Ocho if I don't get this, my mom ain't going eat. If I don't get this, my gran ain't going eat. If I don't get this, my kids, I got a choice. Your grandma, my grandma, my grandma going to eat your mom, my mom, my mom going eat. Your kids are my kids. My kids going, my kids going to eat. That's the way I look at it, Ocho.


That's the way I approach it. See, now you see, now you talking about my kind of mentality right there. You hear me? That's my kind of, that's my mentality now. Now you understand a lot of people call me crazy now. Now. So think about this. Right? Check y'all stay with me for a second. Think about this. Right? Think about your kids behind you. All your kids right behind you, right? Yeah. Your mom, your grandma, right? And, and, and you in front of your kids and your grandma and your mama. And let's say James Harrison is right there trying to get your family what's gonna happen. Run. Y'all run. See, come on. Huh? See that's, that's my mentality. You, you understand me, huh?


My kids behind me all 50 11 of 'em and I'm in front of 'em and James trying to get to my kids. That means I got to protect my family. So it's that mindset I'm going into fighting him with great understanding that the bigger they are, the harder they fall. Okay? And that's what's gonna happen. And I'm just wanting to use that analogy. I didn't mean to go off topic, but I'm just giving a little No guys, y'all making my point. See that's right. It's intangibles. Intangibles is what you can't measure, right? They're measuring his height, they're measuring his speed, they're measuring how high he can jump. That's the point. Thank you.


What is it that you cannot see? What is it that you cannot measure, which is what's inside of an individual? Okay.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPT tool winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kera, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kera and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four page Is a lead. Okay? Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off My list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


That's the difference. Yes, we know. But when you have a guy that have all those measureables and he has a burning desire that's inside of him, ta-da. You get LeBron James, you get a Michael Jordan, you get a Kobe, you get a Deon Sanders, you get a Lawrence Taylor. You get those guys, guys that are supremely gifted and have a burning desire to be great. An unquenchable desire. And even when they climb to the top, they don't admire the view from the top.


They find another thing. They find another summit to scale. See, it wasn't good enough for Michael Jordan to bring Rick of the year. I gotta do more. It wasn't good enough for him to be an MVP. I need to do more. I need to win finals. MVP. I need to win the title. Same thing with LeBron. I need to be a defensive player of the year. I need to be a, I need to be an all NBA player. I need to be universally regarded as the best. The de facto. That's what these guys got. You see Tom, Tom Brady ain't got no, got no measurables. He can't man you dude ran the worst 40, had the worst look body, But what was in here and what's up in there.


Undeniable. And it wasn't like he got a 50 or Ryan Fitzpatrick. I think Pat McInally might have got the highest score. I think Pat McInally got like a 49 or a 50. Ryan Fitzpatrick got like a 48, 49 on the wonder leg out of a 50. Yeah, I got a lot of guys, but guess what, I got a 48 too. Nah, Jerry ran four six. Jerry didn't run no, 4, 4, 5. He ran a four five when he had the ball in his hand. But that's not what he ran in the combine. Yeah. Pat McKinna. Yeah. And both guys played in Cincinnati. Y'all get some smart ones.


I don't know what happened once they get there. The man got a 50. He as as if I'm not mistaken, I think Pat McKinna might be the only guy that's ever gotten 50. Got perfect, huh? Yep. Yeah. I I was, man, I was so close. Mike. Hey, speaking of Mike Ula, Boston College, OCHO got a 49 on the wonder leg. Goes there like two 60 runs, four or five vertical that's out of standing long jump, right? M feet, everything. Could he play? Oh, Joe couldn't play. They said about the recess about five times a day.


He still couldn't play Another guy. Vernon Goldston had all those measureables. Hey, Ohio State, go back and look it up. Look at it looked like a Greek. God couldn't play you. You don't, you you, there is no rhyme or reason OCHO that you look at somebody like can't miss. He's a can't miss. Ain't no such thing as can't. There's no such thing as all or every, but You know, you put this like, man, ain't no way bro. I'm like, look like that bro.


You got to be able to do something. Ain't going by the ad test. And and, and it wasn't. Oh Joe, he was amazing in college. Yeah. Hey, college in the pros is completely different. They won whether, whether people believe it or not, completely different ball game. The Celtics had a little bit of a run, had a little fun with Jalen Brown quizzing him on musicians, new and old. He did not pass with flying colors. Ocho let's take a look at this. See that? Lemme see that. Lemme see this. I might get something wrong That's missing is You did well at this Jimmy.


Not you Clearly being beyond Us. Beyond. Dang, I, this one will be right after. Okay. I definitely getting that one. Hey, I like, I like that. I like that. That, that's dope. That's dope.


And you'd be surprised. I don't how many, how many professional athletes don't know, you know, artists, you know, whether they're famous or not. And likewise. Yeah. They're not really call you based on facial recognition. Yes. You know, they, they No, unless you are one of the elites at at what it is you do. I mean, there's a few people on there. I'm not even gonna lie, I didn't know who they were. Yeah. I mean, okay. I was at, I was there last night. You saw people you ain't know. Look, I know more people than Jordan. Nobody. Hey, he don't know nobody. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey, hey, boss. That that isn't that, isn't that Madam vp? Yeah, Jordan, you just saw it.


I told, hold on. I got a question. You know, being in something like the Na NAACP Awards. Yes. Was there anybody you were excited to see, or might have been a little starstruck that you hadn't had a chance to meet before? For the most part on Cho, I had pretty much met a lot of them. Right. I've met Taraji before I was in, I, I I, I, I've seen, I met Gabrielle, obviously Kiki and I, you know, not, not really Damon Williams. I hadn't met him. I hadn't met Marlon. That's, that's about it. That's about it. That, that I was like, okay.


Because it's always nice to be somewhere and finally put a name to effect. Like, okay, that's okay. Okay, okay. Yeah. You what mean? Because sometimes you feel 'em and they're like, they don't look like they look on television. Right. And I'm like, they either they smaller right. Shorter than you would think. Right. Or they're a little larger, a little taller than what you would think. Right. And so that's like, and so it's always, it's, it's great to like to see people and to be in that environment. That's dope. Oscar, I go to Oscars. Oh, you know, I was supposed to host, nevermind because you ain't gonna believe me.


Yep. I met Adele. I've met, met Beyonce and, and and Ho. But that's about it. I'm trying to think. That's dope. Anybody ask anybody ask about me at the NAACP Awards? No. They, they? Yes. Yes they do. They like, man, where OCHO at? I said, man, I said, ain't don't tell him where OCHO is. He said, man, Ocho crazy. I said, tell me something that I don't know. That's me. That's me. That's me. But it's, oh, it must be your food. You ordered some food. Oh. But no, I wouldn't. A lot of those like, like Ocho I did, I hosted the, the day, the Emmy Awards.


Right, man, even as much as I studied Right, man, them people walking by. But then, you know, that'd be they'll they're in your ear. That's such and such. Yeah. That's such and such. Because they didn't walk on by why you, you'd been lost. Damn. For sure. Because that was, it was like, now you got all these shows on Netflix and you got all these other shows on Amazon and you got all these shows. So it's just not like when you and I grew up, the Emmys, everybody was on A, B, C, C, B, S, NB, C. That was it. Right Now you got like 12 like, man, please, and then trying to pronounce their name.


I said, nah, you going to hit that name. I'm, I'm good. I'm gonna do the talking. But you get that name. So, yeah, it was fun. We had fun last night, don't you? We had a great time. Don't yo, check this out. Hooters announced bankruptcy yesterday much to the sadness of a few NBA players. Kevin Love posted on Instagram, a photo of himself at Hooters when he was younger with the caption. As you can see, I was swimming. I was swimming in it back then. Sad to see the fall of an absolute institution if anyone can save it on the table. Next slide. Who he got?


Kevin Law. He got Kevin, he got Katie and book. Hey, that's fucked. That's a go because Book, book. Said book. Please don't go hoo at Hooters. You ever, you ever had their wings? This is Oh yeah. Yeah. I used to go to Hooters back in the days. Now I never forget. Now, now, ever since Twin Peaks has came about, obviously when I'm in Miami, anytime, I don't frequent Atlanta often, but the few times I have been to Atlanta, which I can count on two hands even after all these years. Hey, I like Hooters, but I prefer Twin Peaks better. Okay. I prefer Twin Peaks better. It's, I don't know if it's the food, but the fact that I can sit on the patio, I can smoke.


They always have my soccer games. Yeah. You know how much I love soccer on, they have my soccer games on at Twin Peaks and Pines. Twin Peaks in Doral. They make my coffee for me. You know, I get, I get my cap on next day I get my latte and just, it's, it's something Hooters has never been able to, to, to, to do for me outside of going to eat the food. You know, the aesthetic. Well, who got better? Wings? Wings, stopper. Hooters, probably. Wingstop. Wingstop has a variety of wings you can choose from. Yeah. Wingstop got about different flavors. Huh? I say Wingstop got about 40 different flavors. Yeah. They, they got they outta that. I don't want no sauce on my, I mean, if I were to get sauce, I'm probably gonna get lemon pepper, but for the most part, I don't want no sauce.


I don't want no buffalo sauce. I don't want no hot, I don't want anything. Just, just give me wings. Yeah. Flats. Yeah. If I'm getting dozen wings, gimme 10 flats and two Drumheads. That's it. Two drums. Yeah. Okay. That's about right. It's too, it's too, it's too, too, too, too difficult. Yeah. I like difficult Ocho You gonna miss Hooters. Listen, I, I'm, I'm not even gonna say and lie to you. I ain't been to Hooters in so long. I told you I either ever, ever since I learned about Twin Peaks, but I ain't been to Hooters in years. I don't even listen. Hooters right there on 27th Avenue. 27th Avenue.


Right, right off right. Yeah. Right off of wait. Right off of ps. Right off of PS and Flamingo. I think something like that, man. I go right to Twin Peaks. I'm not, I'm not gonna lie to you, I'm not gonna just, just, twin Peaks has more to offer aesthetically Right. Know, I, I I look straight ahead. But they using a peripheral vision, if you understand what I'm talking about. Yeah. I, I think, I think Ocho I think that's what it was. It was iconic. It was those T-shirts. Yes. Cropped. And there was the orange shorts. Right. And I think that, that, that was the allure of it. Yes. It's fast food. I mean, look, I, you, you're not going there expecting to get a five course meal. Something that, oh my God, this is the best, whatever, whatever, whatever.


But it was, it, it was the view, it was the amage and you gotta go with your buddies and you watch sporting events, things of that nature. So Yes sir. If it is to close, I mean, how long would they open? It had to be open about 40 years, 50 years. 40, 50 years. Oh, it hell was when I was a kid. It was, yeah. Hey, you, hey uncle, you been, when you down in Atlanta, you ain't been to the Twin Peaks in Atlanta? Uhuh. And they got together 1983. So 42 years. Okay. No Ocho Man, look here bro. Yeah, check it out. Listen. Sporting event. When sporting game on boxing matches, MMA ocho basketball, I enjoy it.


I only go there for soccer. You know, they, they have me, my EPL games on, you know, I wanna watch LA League, I wanna watch Champions League. I go right in Pines or I go right there and around, man. It's perfect. The food phenomenal. Well, the thing is for me, I'm trying to watch because I'm probably gonna have to critique or analyze these games. Oh, So you ain't trying to, so I need, I need to be able to focus. Okay. Okay. Okay. And you know, especially football man, what do you think? Was that a holding? Should they call that? You like that? Man, I'm trying to watch the game, man. But it don't kill with Joe. Okay. Yeah. You right, you right. I got you. I got you. I mean, I stop, I don't stop wearing headphones. I be at the airport. They take my headphones off. They take me ask me asking, did they just take your headphones?


Yeah, he, he took em off and ask me a question. Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. Somebody ask me. Pull your headphones off. Oh, they do it all the time. What you mean? Somebody all the time. So if, if, Hey, I can't imagine that, but I know you, you'd be ready to snap. Huh? I like, I, oh, I mean, I mean sometimes I do wish I get got the grace that other people that had headphones on were walking through the airport or wherever in the gym and they didn't get tapped on the shoulder or they didn't get the headphones lifted off the ear. But, you know, in a situation like that, Ocho You know, you have to be on all the time. I mean, we can't, celebs and entertainers and athletes, we never get to have an off day.


We got be on all the time. Yes, sir. And that's, that's sad because we are human money doesn't make you from, doesn't exempt you from human experiences. Sadness, disappointment, anger, frustration, happiness. Yeah. But it is what it is. Ocho You know, you, you, you keep it moving and because I ain't, I ain't spending no money on no bri jet that ain't, there we go. Now we getting places. Hey, speaking of jets and speaking of airplanes in general, you know, there've been a lot of situations, a lot of, lot of airlines having unfortunate circumstances, you know, aerial. So, you know, I I don't wanna say it.


You know, falling out air, having incidents, you know, tumbling over doing flips on the runway. You know what airline hasn't had any issues on what? Airline spirit. They've been grounded. You know what Airline hasn't had any issue in chat? None at all. Now listen. Now, now we might, we might fight. We might fight on the plane. Oh, you what you mean? Might they, they stay with me now. We might fight on the plane. You might have our receptionist cuss you out. Yeah. That might happen. But one thing about it, we gonna get you where you gotta get to and we gonna get you back home safe. The, the movies, we ain't having no, no issues.


We gonna get you, we might fight, You know, you know, we might talk a little bit. That's alright. You do, you do realize that movie Soul plane was based on spirit. Yeah. Hey, hey, You know, you know the soul plane getting from point A to point B, right? Yeah. Bouncing and listen, it might, it might be a little chaos. It might be a little turmoil on the way to your trip, but we ain't falling outside. Alright, Ocho here we go. Yeah. This is what had been eaten up the chat and everybody been wanting to talk about it. The rep most requested topic of the night, Steve Smith, Sr. Was called Have an Affair with another man's wife. First a Facebook post appeared that was clearly written by the husband.


I mean, you guys can see it is like, Hey, I'm, I'm Nicole Martinez, though I won't be Martinez much longer. You see, I've been cheating on my husband and been doing so with the very famous Steve Smith senior pitch attached for reference I had hidden under three, but that's been fixed. My husband brought me a house. He stood by my side after I've been arrested twice for domestic violence. And this is how iPay, him and our son three's plenty of messages here. Steve's crazy. The kind of revealing messages a celebrity will send. Baltimore Ravens. I'm also a member of your team band. I believe I violated some fraternization rules by hooking up with Steve at the training facility.


Oh Lord. At Mercy. Yeah. When, when this happened. Oh, why I've been, when I've been out here in The Bahamas. I ain't hear nothing. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Ocho And then the husband calls Smitty and posted the video. Now I don't know if, if, if there is some kind of like, don't you have to have record someone Don't you have to have this state by state in, in Vegas, it's only one party. So the party that's recording, they know it. The other party don't California. I think if it's a two state. But anyway, Ocho, the husband called Smitty and posted the video. Let's take a listen to what what was said. Hey. Yo, Steve.


Yes sir. Yeah. Even my wife bro. Gotta say for yourself. I'm sorry. You're sorry.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. You're just like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle Lee, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four page Is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad on, I left 'em off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we to have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to goat Greatest of their air on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well, listen. Said he's sorry. He said he is sorry, UNC. Now listen, this, this is what you don't do. This is what as, as, as, as a, as a, as a man understanding. You know, that's my wife, girlfriend, someone you're seeing, someone you're talking to. You never confront the individual because Steve Smith senior owes you no loyalty. Steve Smith ain't married to you, bro. She's not married. She, Steve is not married to you. You talk to your wife. You, you check your wife. And that goes for any and everybody. I know a lot of people you wanna crash out about your woman and, and all this stuff. Or your man or, or your man. It could be, listen, it, it goes, it goes both ways. It always come down to me again, understand who you're marrying.


Understand. Understand human nature. Human nature is undefeated. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna say that as well. I don't care how people come off. I don't care how innocent they may seem. I don't care how much they tell you. They love you when certain opportunities present themselves. They gonna go when certain opportunities with certain individuals that are convenient and they feel they can get away with it. They're going to go, I don't care how much love there is. I don't care how much money you got. It doesn't matter. Understand who you're dealing with and move accordingly.


I mean, I say I I say it all the time. I say it all the time. Listen, had a family, kids husband, he doing everything. He's doing this and you upset. There's no reason to call Steve. That's not doing nothing. You take that up with the, you take that up with the wife. You take it up with the Mrs. Well, I think the thing is what the, the gentleman was doing is that like, okay, if I'm gonna get a divorce, I'm gonna try to mess your happy your home up also. That's what this was about. I ain't answering first of all that ain't, that ain't my mo that's not me. You married. Oh, this ain't nothing.


It's something You know, you, hey, no, don't just, just keep it a buck with me. You married and I, I'm a firm believer in this. A man might not want his wife, but the moment another man shows interest, all of a sudden it gets rekindled. And like you just said at the top, people will crash out about certain situations. That crime of passion and juries are very sympathetic. They're very sympathetic in situations like this crime of passion. Leave it alone guys. If you, if they're married, just let it go.


Smitty my guy, I know I've known Smitty 20 years. Same. Great. Just saw. Hey, he just was at my, he was just at my party at the Super Bowl. Had a great conversation with him. Had a great conversation with him. I love the guy hard knowed the way he played X, Y, and Z. But bro, you need to take that up with your wife. Yeah. Smitty owes you no loyalty. He's under no obligation now. He's gonna have to deal with the issue at home, his own, on his home front, on his own situation. But this, this, I don't know the, I don't know the gentleman ma name.


That's the situation you gotta tell her with your wife. She, she has the loyalty clause. She's the one that has an obligation to you. To you go ahead, Ojo. I haven't been around too long, man. Haven't been around too long. Too much experience. It ain't even worth it. It ain't even, Hey, it ain't even worth it. You know I'm, I'm not, I'm not even talking about Smitty's part. You know, I I love Smitty. You know me and Smitty go way back Santa Monica, I'm forget the Smitty part. I'm just talking about the individual who's married to the young lady. And you, you know what time it is.


You see something like that. You going about your business and this ain't the first time the signs had to be there. The signs had to be there. Something like this done just happen all of a sudden. Oh my God. Oh my goodness. I'm going through, I go through my white phone and all of a sudden she's sleeping with somebody else. No, this ain't, this happened before. Man. They release and text me, bro. That's, that's day late. That'd be lame man. Going ka ka you pack your bag and start f over. You know what time it was. You know what, you, you know what? You're married understand what you marrying. And even in, even if you got your good girl, I, I would, no, I'll never forget, I'd never forget a very wise man once told me.


Depending on the circumstance and opportunity, whoever you dealing with will take the chance. If they know you won't find out, they will take the chance depending on who. It's, it doesn't matter. But you just can't Ocho but I've listen, no matter what, I'm not calling no one about someone. Hold on. You think I'm embarrassed? You think I'm embarrassed myself? Yes. Could not. He gonna blame man. I had, I had, man, I had old boy because that, that's happened to me. That's happened to me. Dude confronted me. Oh, you ain't got no issue with her. How do you think I got here?


Right. How you think I knew where she stayed? Hmm? You ain't say that. You stand in your mind. You ain't say, you ain't say that. You just, you me. In your mind, you saying I understand what you mean. Hey, can me, I, I wanted, I wanted to whipping. Nah, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. But he was a teammate. Okay. God damn. I didn't know. Oh, Joe. I ain't know. You ain't know No bro. If you were burned, if you, you was on demon time boy, uncle. You like that huh? Ocho No. If you weren't Keith Burn when you was with the Broncos, I didn't know what the hell you was doing. I didn't care.


Once I found, once I found out Right. I'm cool. Yeah, because I don't, I don't, I don't want it to become an issue. Once I found out I'm good, you good? You got me. Hey, you don't, Hey bro, my bad. Okay. Once I found okay three times though, I had, you know what I'm saying, on three times, you know I'm saying three times. But you the animal. What guy Lee. Okay, I see it. I mean, I couldn't just leave. You know you, when the club about to close, how many people say okay, the club close, they get up and start walking out. They linger around. They're like, Hey, lemme get another drink, bartender. You know? So I had to, I had to linger around. Hey.


Right. I understand. I understand. Hey, that's, that's why you know one when it happened once, when it hap when it happened once. Yeah. Well you might pack your bags and go, I don't know what you fu arguing for? What you arguing for? What you fussing for releasing text messages for, but one, it's not gonna stop. No, because once you, once you gonna do it again. It ain't like a light switch hit on and all of a sudden, you know what, oh, I ain't gonna do this no more. I ain't gonna, nah. That's, that's exactly who, once someone shows you, oh, once somebody shows you who they are, that's what it is. Yeah. I mean, man, like I said, Ocho, I didn't know, I didn't know until he rolled up on him. I told you the story Ocho, how do rolled up on us. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


You was on demon time though. Yeah. But now let say you stayed around now, now that I think about it. In order for him to find out where we were, he had, she had to have taken him there too. Ah. Because ain't no, ain't no way. Ain't no way. I'm just going to, you just going to go somewhere and all of a sudden, you know what? They might be here 'cause he wasn't from there and I wasn't from there. And for him to go to that spot, she had no, he had to have gone there before. See, You know, you know what that tell me. She done took more than just you two there as well too. Huh? Ain't got nothing to do with me. I know. I'm just, I'm just saying, Hey, that song I don't care about. The other men just be good to me.


They got nothing to do with me. What? What you did, what you did before, Shannon. What you do after Shannon ain't got nothing to do with me. Yeah, but you know it does have something to do with you. What you do while you with Shannon. True. That's what matters. True. You hear me? I'll let that go. Hey, I ain't fitting. Look, I I ain't finna hold you. Clearly. That's what you want to be with. That's where you want be at. I'm gonna let you go ahead and do that. Yeah. Hey man, you, I told man what? Look, that's the, a lot of behavior is just like, just like animals. Yeah. What's, and I grew up on a farm once we had a hog and that joker got out.


Yeah. My grandfather wasn't gonna keep him much longer because he already knows what it's like on the outside. So no matter how much feed and slop you gave him on the inside, he knows it's something out there and he needs to get to it. So once they started getting out, it wasn't long before my grandfather low as up in the truck and take 'em to the market. Once they get outside, don't you just like, just like a dog, let a dog break out. Especially if he, he or she is intact. Right. One or two things. You either go get that fixed and you're not gonna be able to keep 'em in. Mm. Now I ain't telling you what somebody told you. I'm telling you what I know. You're talking about somebody that grew up on a farm that had hogs, that had dogs.


I'm telling you, and I look, I, I look, I'm not saying, I'm just saying the behavior. I ain't calling no woman, no dog and no hog or nothing like that. I'm just saying the behavior. Humans are animals. Yeah. And they have very, very similar behavior. A lot of times territory animals mark their territory. They're kick. If you notice a dog go poop, he'll kick his, he, he got sick glands in his paws in the back. He let 'em know, Hey, big dog here. Now don't lemme catch you over here. I'm gonna do something bad to you. Hey, hey, you know what? I think it, it, it's, it's funny when you think about the experience, I think that the chat, there's, there's a huge disconnect and not understanding the amount of, all right, how do I say this without getting in trouble?


The chat has a huge disconnect. What you say? They don't wanna, the amount of women we've dealt with during those days, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna say it, I I don't give a fuck who I get in trouble with. Especially right now. You don't understand the amount of women I dealt with during that day. You know, I'm talking about 20, 25 years worth. So I know what it looks like. What buddy going through. I've been on one end of the spectrum and I've been on the other side of the spectrum. Absolutely. But I've been number two way more times than I've been number one. So I, I know the game, I know the tricks. I know the trade and like, at that point, So you, you become numb to it.


As soon as you see any signs, boom. Okay. You know what time it is, you lock in and you move accordingly. It's really easy to experience over time. That's why that's that for me. I'm just saying for me, that's why it's so easy. I always tell you, that's why I always tell you I see one thing wrong. Boom. It's easy for me to be able to com compartmentalize. Yeah. And know what's going on. I'm dealing with it. Yeah. Oh. Oh, Joe, I look, I, and I think the thing is, a lot of times men and women are not as forthcoming as they as they need to be. My grandfather used to always say, he say, boy, everybody has somebody. It's just to what extent a wife, a significant other, a girlfriend.


Maybe you see them casually. The, the, the, the likelihood of you finding somebody scot free. Now, even if you find somebody, she or he's seeing somebody and they might be willing to cut, it's easy for them to cut it off because it's not that extensive. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Now I told you this before. This is when our, when our earlier shows when we first started. Yeah. Like when you meet somebody, right? And, and, and the women, women in the chat, they, they can attest to this, you know, most of the time the person you with right now is really not who you want to be with 98% of marriages. The women that are married to certain men. You're not married to the men you really wanna be with. You're married to your safe. You're married to your safe place. And the one that made the most sense, women that have girl, I mean men that have girlfriend, girlfriends right now, ask your girlfriend.


Ask your girlfriend, who's the dude that left that mark in her life that will always have access to her for the rest of her life? And see if she tell you the truth. No. See, she tell you the truth. Everybody got one. Every woman has one no matter who it is. Oh wait, they all got one. And if she tell you it isn't everybody, everybody in my life, not one course, just has that one place in that one spot now, man. Ah, please. Yeah. It's a dirt game. It's a dirty game. But that the mentality, the mentality has changed Ocho 'cause women have adopted a lot of the mentality that a man has man.


Yeah. You know, men, men have that mentality. Do boo, do, do do. Oh, you do it. I'm gonna do it too. Yeah. Yep. It's, and sometimes they go get the lick back. They go get your best friend. They go get your, your work, whatever the case may be. That's your hoo-ha. Oh no, that ain't my, I know it ain't, no, I know that's hers. So you Oh, you give no you, you can't give that you, you, hey, that follows you. That's on you. That follows you. I can't keep it. One thing, I think one of, one of the things we confuse, especially when we get in relationships, we get in relationships up to hell. Even marriages like this individual here we have this, this feeling, this feeling or, or notion that, okay, that's my property ownership.


You know, even, even, even in relationships, once that title comes about, where men continue to crash out about is they feel as if they own that woman and her body and what she's doing with her body parts. At no point ever, no matter how much money you pour to that individual, at no point ever does she be belong to you. Ever. I don't care what she say. Even though her horizontal activity when she tell you this is your, you know what, it still ain't yours because at some point it belongs to somebody else. It's yours right now. Yeah. At that, at that. That's all I'm worried about. I, that's it.


Oh. Oh. Ojo. If you, if you spend a lot of time worried about, remember I told you like when I went to work and I tell my, I used to tell my, I said, I can't worry about you. I said, I can't spend one moment while I'm at work worrying about what you're doing. Right. Because if I do, I gotta let you go. Hmm. I gotta let you go. If I gotta think about what you're doing, where you are. If you're talking to someone, I gotta let you go. It ain't make no sense. Huh. So it don't make Sumit put, I mean, I, I hate if Sumit, he got himself in a situation like this knowing his situation. But Buddy was wrong for this bro. I I, okay. Let's just say for second, all you get what you want. Want he hold on. Time out. Just by the way he's moving.


Just by the way he's moving. He ain't going nowhere. Let, let's start there. He ain't going nowhere. He ain't going nowhere. Nowhere. He ain't go nowhere. Don't think so. Hell, hell no. He ain't even that type. He don, he don, he done, he got, he done got the, what you call, he done got the woman hack the woman account. Listen, ain't nobody going through all that. That's leaving. Ain't anybody going through all that. That's leaving. You ain't do. You ain't do you, you not doing all that. If you leaving, I, you know what, you know I'm gonna save myself an embarrassment. There you go. Just walk away and I'm, man, I'm, I'm gone. Just walk away. Ain't ain't nobody going to know. Hey two, hey, three people going know me, her and the good man of stairs.


That's it. Yeah. Hey, it's a dirty game mon. And it's been that way for a long time. That's why you gotta learn to play it. Yeah. Gotta learn to play it and, and bow out with Grace. Yeah. Man. He hurt though, Ocho that, that, that's hurt. I mean, Ocho just like, You know, you hurt, hurt by yourself. Huh? Hurt by yourself. You know, you get over hurt, get under somebody else. That's how you get over hurt. Get under somebody else consistently. You, you will be fine in order. Remember when I told you that, when I said that? You talking about unc, you ain't gonna heal. No. I said, you told me I needed to heal. Well listen, different circumstances. You wasn't married. Yeah. This different. Or you remember Chad, you know, write this down.


You know, get your notepad out. She's not yours and this bad. Tried to die out. Ain't there some kind of fraternization bro, stop it. You ain't no military. Steve Smith is not. No, not, not no. Superior to her. Hey fraternal. Who? Fraternization Man, you don't go on about your business, man. Hey, pack your bag boy. Start over man. It's cool. It's a lot. It's a lot more out there. The Volume.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen To Goat greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the weeks. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas. Red Rascal. Flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Meghan Marone. Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.