
This is an iHeart podcast. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B cell a LL.


The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude.


To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC, The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News.


I'm Tom Broka. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom YaMmas is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom YaMmas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom y evenings on NBC. The volume Time for q and a, no rush.


75 said, we strive, we thrive. No Jive Pacers in five Quizzie said Kat and on different teams, but going home at the same time. Mm. Pat Dove says, I'm looking forward to the Knicks getting bounced. Summertime in new NYC is already enough Shenanigans don't need to supersize the nonsense. Damn P Dub. I thought you want want them to go to the, go to the NBA finals. You know them. If if the Knicks, if the Knicks was the winning, You know what? New York, they gonna turn that thing upside down. I, I told you what happened. If the Knicks was to go, let's say go to the finals, the statue, Liberty gonna start walking and switch hands.


He going, the torch gonna switch hands. Man, listen, if they win this next game, it's going to. Yeah. Milo said the current NBA generation is so weak. Joe Johnson was a better player than a man. Brunson and Halliburton. If only teams build around their players then like they do now. Well, it's a different game now. Okay. What y'all, You know when I came into the league you had two traditional bids. Your four man was not shooting three, your five man was not shooting three. You played inside out. Yeah. That's how you play nowadays. If you, you need a scoring point guard and that's who we going to play through.


Yep. If you got a scoring point guard a scoring two or a scoring three, they don't play through the big no more. The bigs gotta get it how they live. They get that thing out. The only big that they play through is Yolk. That's it. Him and mb, that's it. Everybody else, but they the only, they probably the only true centers that we have left in the game that can play with they back to the basket and face up. Yeah, because at the time Joe, there's the only one guy that could shoot the ball in the three the big that was Dirk. It wasn't no the only stretch. Yeah, because you look at it, even Tim Duncan Kg, none of them dudes were shooting three. Hell no, they problems.


But they wasn't shooting three boy. They was, they was Masters back to the basket. A one A one dig. Said my boy Ocho got on them. LaVar Burton Shade on from Star Trek. What you got on Ocho? Yeah. Shoot. I don't, Colin says he asked the question, what do y'all think is gonna happen? First lines winning the Super Bowl or Ocho paying Unc his money lines winning Super Bowl. I just keep it real, man. I can't, I can't keep sitting here and tell y'all don't lie. Now come on man. Don't do that man. Don't do that. I just call, like I said, Ocho But also you don't see, you don't see the other part. I've been trying to, I told Unc there's many apps in the world.


They tech, they make technology has made it easy to make transactions much easier. Hey, oh, do me a favor. Get Apple Pay, get Zelle, get Cash app, get any of it. I could have sent it right to him. He said he don't want it downloaded. I'm trying to get Ocho to pay. Hey Unc old school, man, look, You know he, he think about the scamming and all that ain On. Come on now. I honestly could tell you I hadn't been on a computer. I hadn't been on. I can't tell you the last time I been on the computer. All right. Hey we, your phone, your phone right there by you, huh? Yeah, It got PayPal. Create email. I can send you the money right now.


It's simply I See. I ain't, I can't do Ittc. Yeah, he don't, Joe. He don't want, I don't know how to create no email, Yo. He don't want no money, Joe. I ain't, I don't know how to create no email. Oh, come on Man. Lemme ask you a question. You got a team. What makes you think I know how to create an email? You Got a team of 72 people? Hold on, hold on. Ask Jordan. Y'all gotta help our guy. Hey Debbie. Thank you. Thank you Joe. Help him out. Help help him out. Help our guy Shelly. Ocho. Ocho. Y'all been hanging out for quite some time. You done seen him on numerous occasions now. And I ain't trying to get up in your business because that ain't what I do. Hey Joe, I don't, Hey Joe, I don't carry no money, boy. I don't do that. Boy. I carry a hundred dollars at a time. That's it. $120 bills too.


Yeah. I ain't, I ain't the type that carry no cash but Joe, that ain't, that ain't me. I ain't never, well, you got, don't forget now. I know I've been moving a little different in 2025, but I'm still that same cheap. Yeah, that's me. I don't carry no money, Man. Gimme my money. Ocho Raheem Cunningham. Goodnight. Unc and Ocho and Joe is my mom's birthday today Antoinette. 'cause you wish her a happy birthday for me. Please. We're big supporters. Love you all. Absolutely. Antoinette happy birthday from your son Raheem. He wanted to wish you a very happy birthday. Wanted to let, let You know just how special you are and how proud he is to be your son. So from Joe Ocho and happy birthday, everybody at Nightcap.


Happy birthday. Antoinette. Happy birthday. Zay Trade said a Ocho. What if I, what if I ran four one? I probably wouldn't be able to run nan route. Oh, you could run a route. All it's gonna do is get you to that safety quicker. You better stay your ass on the outside. That's a headache. I mean, the only guy, I mean there been only a handful of guys that's been able to run like that Ocho that was not afraid to go like Tyreek, to have that kind of speed. Yeah. And, and, and, and didn't live predominantly outside.


Right, right, Right, right. Tyreek catches a lot of end breaking routes. Normally when you have that kinda speed, you ain't really trying to get hit. All you running is go routes. But Tyreek turned himself into a very good receiver where he could run the route tree. And that's what makes him so dangerous. Patrick Arthur said Unc Ocho Stephen a said Tyrese. Halliburton ain't a superstar then, then. Neither is Anthony Edwards. Would you? I think Ty Tyrese, Halliburton is a star. I I don't think he's a superstar now. I I could be wrong. Yeah. My, my basketball prowess is nowhere near yours.


Or maybe No, nowhere near those in the chat that enjoy the game of basketball. But he's a star. Yeah. He ain't no slouch. But Superstar is reserved for the least. They ain't, But they ain't But a handful of them. I mean we, we throw this term superstar and star. We throw all those terms around loosely and it's kind of devalued a little bit Ocho. Right. Because anybody that have the, You know, a year or two a great basketball, like, oh, he a superstar. No, no, man, you used to have to put work in Consistency. Yeah. You had to get a couple of, You know, MVP go to the finals, You know, you had to put some work in, not just have a couple of good seasons. Yeah.


Yeah. I don't, I don't think Also how y'all, how y'all been. It's your boy from South Dakota, Patrick. We've been all right. We've been all right. Life is good. Life is good. Happy Valley Farm said Thunder. Walk the Wol down with a poker face. Well they look, if you look at the way the Thunder came out tonight, it was a lot different than what they came out from game three. Yeah. And they knew they could, they could not allow the crowd to get into it like they did in game three. And they came out meant business. They came out with the purpose of like, we going back home three one, we're not going back home. Two two. And they did what they sat out to do. Hey, You know what, if they hurry up and end this series and win this next game, won't they have even that much more time to rest?


Yes. Yes. All depends. Do to Indiana Pacers take a three one lead or do they go back to MSG Tie two Two. Right. Zeke to God 96. Do you think the Knicks will make a comeback? Everything is contingent on this game. Yeah. If they win game four, I say they make a comeback and they win in seven. If they don't, they're going home in five. Hmm. Colin is Aren Donald. Really? MVP for the Rams. Y'all forgetting St. Louis Days greatest show on turf.


Okay. You won't. So basically, okay, let's go back. You got Jim Hart, the Rams, you got the Fearsome foursome, you got Merlin Sen who was a 14 time Pro Bowler. You got Deacon, you got Rosie Greer and you got Lamar Lundy. If you go all the way back to St. Louis, you got Jim Hart at St. Louis. You got Dan Dedo at St. Louis, you got Otis Anderson at St. Louis. Those are the really the only guys I could think of in St. Louis. Now if you go to Phoenix, I'm trying to, no, I mean that's the Cardinals, my bad rams. St. Louis Rams.


Okay, let's go back to la. 'cause they started in LA then they moved and then they moved back. Sam Waterfield. Yeah. I'm look, okay. You want Kurt Warner, Isaac, Bruce, Orlando Pace. Marshall Falk. Marshall Faulk. You gotta realize it's not like Kurt spent a whole lot of time there, man. He wasn't there long. Wasn't It's It's Aren Donald.


Aren Donald the dominance. The eight first team. I think eight time First team all pro defensive rookie of the year. Three time defensive player of the year. Yeah, I think it's ad. Yeah. And I, it is not to take anything away from all those other guys. 'cause Kurt's in the Hall of Fame. Marsh's in the Hall of Fame. Isaac Bruce is in the Hall of Fame. Orlando Pace is in the Hall of Fame. Tory Holts eventually gonna get in the Hall of Fame, but it's, it's it's ad way too smooth. Brad Fab or Aren Rogers, he saved the Packers franchise, went to two Super Bowl. He was the only player to win three MVPs in a row.


He did. But Aren has four MVPs. Aren was a Super Bowl. MVP and Aren Rogers has more touchdowns with fewer interceptions. I, I, I don't know, bro. I mean, does, doesn't Aren have more pack touchdown for the Packers than Aren? I mean them Brett, because I'm looking.


No, I'm, I'm thinking one more. MVPA Super Bowl. MVPI think he's been to more Pro Bowls. I think they've been to the same. I think they've been the same. Same as as far as all Pros. I think Aren might have four. Brett has three. Aren has 503 touchdowns. Brett has five eight For the Packers. No, I'm saying after. Yes. Brett Has 4 42 and Aren has 4 75. Yeah.


So mu and look at the interceptions. Aren Rogers has less than a hundred interceptions for the Packers with 475 touchdowns. Brett gotta have at least least 200 for the Packers. Right. How many interceptions does Brett have? Aren For the Packers? Yeah. 5 1 0 5 for the Packers. So he has 440, 475 touchdowns, 105 interceptions. Brett For the Packers Has two six. Brett has 286 interceptions with 442 touchdowns. Yeah. Aren Rogers is the goat for the Packers. And just those numbers you just rambled off about what Aren Rogers was able to do in the past is one of the reasons why the goddamn Steelers is actually waiting.


You waiting Aren. Sean Taylor isn't there? I mean, he probably could have been there, but he didn't play enough years. Yeah. You gotta realize DG played 20 years at Corner. Corner. Yeah. How many 20 year corners do you Think you ever go see again in your life? Be the MVP? It's not happening. It's not Not happening. It's not Big td. The one Uncle Ocho. If you guys want the same team in your prime, who is the number one option?


Look, I don't care about the number. I'm gonna get mine. I'm gonna get mine. Mine, I'm gonna get mine. I'm not so sure that I was always the number one option, but I just know I led my team in receiving for six straight years. Shoot. Me too. You led, you led Bingo, six straight years. Yeah. Shoot. I led the a FC four years in a row. Yeah. See, I ain't do that. Yeah. I let, I led the, I led my team seven of the 14 years finish one catch. I almost had eight cadre caught. One more pass that I did, I started to go back in there and catch another pass to tie up Dr.


Frankie m Bellamy. Hey fam, y'all see Tom Cruise got another mission Impossible out. Now that man be on a slide with, he like a slide with Rocky and the Expendables. Who do you think is the king of FM series game? Tom Cruise or Sylvester Stallone? Oh, that's a good one. Well, you got, first of all, you got Tom Cruise. He got Top Gun and he got Mission Impossible. Sylvester sliced alone. He got the Expendables and Rocks And Rambo, And which he's morphed Creed into Rambo. Yeah. Got Rammy. Yeah. Rambo. Yeah. That's, that's a good one. Woo. I I probably, yeah, I'd probably lean to more lean more towards Tom Cruise.


You know, you, you like, you like, you like Stallone, you like Rocky and, and like a Rambo or you more Mission Impossible Top Gun because it's all about what you like. See I'm more, I'm more of a, like now I love Tom Tom Cruise in Minority Report. Right. Because that was the first time you see the boy they opened up. No, my my my favorite Tom Cruise movie is with, with Jack. With Jack Nicholson. Oh God damn. Why am I missing this Army? Army movie, Unc. Oh, a few good men. Few good Men. Oh my goodness.


Jack, that's the lieutenant Cathy. Yeah. Did him and Demi Moore. Classic. Classic, classic. That was, Hey, Jack did that one. Jack a, He cut up. He was in his bag. He was in his bag. That movie. Boy, You snotty prick. You have no idea how to defend the country. Kathy, all you did was weaken the nation. Sleep good at night, son, sleep good. Classic. I'm an officer in the United States Navy and you are under arrest. You son of, Hey, matter of fact, did you see, did you see Primal Fear with Edward Norton and Richard Gere?


Yeah. When he had, when he played multiple Marty. Oh, Marty. Yeah. Oh, Marty, hey boy, I, I love, I love that movie Boy. Edward Norton is one of my favorite and Richard Gear. Yeah. He had a little stretcher then he just like, kind of like disappeared. That's crazy How that works in Hollywood. I don't know. He, he was in movies back to back to back. You know who Else? Yeah, he was in that movie. What was that? That that American something. What was he in, what was that movie? He was in American y Yeah, no, back away. No, no, no, no, no. Not that Edward Norton. No, no, no, no.


I know Richard Gilbert and and what you call them the mo movie with American History X American History X. That's what he was in. Oh, That's a classic. That's that is a Classic. Yeah. Junior Roberts, Richard Gilbert was in Junior Roberts. The one they filmed at the, the Beverly. The Beverly, the Beverly Wilshire. Pretty Pretty woman. Pretty woman. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So Edward Norton, it seemed like Junior Roberts had a stretch where she, she was in movie, movie, movie, movie, movie, movie, movie. And Cameron Diaz, they were in movies like back to Back to Back. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. All of a sudden Cameron Diaz was in Batman. She was in, she was in the Mask. Yeah. That was the first time I've ever seen Cameron Diaz where she was in the mask with Jim Carrey.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they had a run, like a crazy run. And then they just, they disappeared. Hey, we're gonna get a crazy run. We gonna get like 10 years, 12 years and go get up outta here. Right. Yeah. I think Julia Roberts, she moved to New Mexico and, and You know, Cameron did, she got married to Madison and, and she like, she just, I think she was, she's about to be on a new movie, but she like, Hey. Yeah. That was dope. That was dope. Yeah. I like, I, I like, I like, like I said, I like Tom Cruise in Minority Report. That movie that hit hit last movie he did with a Nicole Kidman. Right. With the Stanley Kubrick. Boy, that baby was good and terrible boy Eyes Wide shut.


And I should have waited. I should have kept my eyes shut too. It was that bad. Boy, that thing was terrible. Boy. Good thing they didn't have Rotten Tomatoes around already know what they'd have got for that. That was terrible. Anybody that say Eyes Wide Shut was good. They lying. They're lying. I see that. I'm, I'm Good. You ain't good. Damn. Boy, that thing was terrible. As a matter of fact, I think that might have been Stanley Kubrick's. Yeah. On Netflix Face. That's what I'm saying. I she she just came back and did. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But she had, she had set some time off.


Oh yeah. But like I said, Ocho, I used to be a big movie guy. I'm going to see 55 movies A year. People don't realize they used to come out with like 500 movies a year. But I see the really, You know, I go some, I tell another movie that I didn't like, I didn't understand it and I saw it three times and I still don't understand that Bull Eye, the English patient and it racked up all those awards. Awards, yeah, yeah, yeah. I need somebody, I need whoever directed that or started. Y'all need to come tell me what that movie was about. 'cause I still ain't figured it out. Oh yeah. Colin said gotta do another one just because y'all forgetting.


Forgot about Ed Eric Dickinson, goddammit. Yeah, But e even still Aren Donald dominated for so many years though. Aren. Yeah. Y'all gotta, y'all gotta realize Ed had a short career there. They traded Ed. Yeah, Thanksgiving. They traded him to the, the COLS 83, 84, 85, 86 6. I think they traded Ed in like 87 or 88. What year they trade ed? I think Ed got traded in, it might have been 80, might have been 87. He was either 87 or 88 because he came and ran wild over the Broncos I think.


Right. I I remember that. I remember that game 'cause I was, I was in college. Ocho. Yeah. Edie went crazy. Huh? Did he? Hey he had one of the sweetest runner styles upright. He sweet DT said Ocho own dates while I owe Unc. 5,200 is crazy work. It's d Right. Diabolical. What I ain't, I ain't going what date, what date I went on. Don't worry about it. I ain't, I ain't gonna no date. And matter of fact, oh I went on, I went on the outing. There's a difference now. A a date and the outing is two different things. I'm Out $5,900. No, I'm saying she, she pay, she paid for the date. It, it is good to have someone want to treat you for a change so that, that's all You had.


Let me keep Man Sleep. James said no one brought trash bags or trash cans. Who's cleaning up? Oh well since we ain't got no grill, I'm taking my inch back home.


Hey S Slick James bro. Ain't nobody brought not one grill. Ain't nobody brought no charcoal. Hey so I'm just gonna take my stuff back home man. Hey Denny said Ocho, we in 2025, you should know how to spell Now what you not gonna do is see and act like You know how to spell all them goddamn words that we had tonight. Don't do that. But people before people be killing me, acting like they some, some wizards when it comes spelling, They spelling the words And You know you couldn't spell dle. Wait, I spell dle you right. Yeah, man. Dab Smith said Pacers had a had favor in their runs with starters getting injured for the calves and bucks.


Now they're going to see a team that's similar to what they do better. If ne Smith gets in foul trouble, who's guarding Shea O KC and four Four? Who care? They gonna sweep them. That's what four would mean. Man, you tripping man. Pace is in five Man, this man Here. I'm that bet I you giving away Money. Who what You Well we go, we go pick the series We off tomorrow, but we gonna pick the series on on Wednesday. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour.


For undergraduate and master level programs, American public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay.


St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner and hope today by visiting music gives.org. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistant assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today.


I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees, extra fee default terms@mintmobile.com. Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards.


Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Kemp Norwood Jr. Said, oh, my question is, if KD came to Dallas, who would the Mav give up? NI g Marshall for KD and a 2026 in 2027. First round pick. Joe, what you thinking? Man, they gonna give up more than that. I agree but kd But here's the thing, but here's the thing. KD is gonna be 37 and he has an injury history, so he's not gonna command and plus man, if y'all think Phoenix finna give up Katie just for Marsh, the Nazi Marshall and a pick, they not doing that. They gonna, they gonna want more than that. Uncle Ocho. Yeah, I believe, I believe they'll want two first rounders in a player because one, because you get KD that automatically, that automatically put you at the top.


Meaning like your expectations change. Yeah, they changed. But that don't mean you gonna be at the top. 'cause we saw that with Brooklyn and we saw that with Phoenix. And Phoenix didn't make the playoff this year and they got swept last year. Man, they not get, they, they going Phoenix gonna want more than that back. I, I I, I I believe so too. But what but what do they have to give up? Well man, you got, they're not giving up that number one overall pick for Katie. Hold on. So y'all think they gonna give up KD and you gonna keep your number one pick with Oh, the number one. Hold on Joe. You actually think they gonna give up the number one overall pick for kd? No, I actually, I actually don't think they giving up the number one pick.


But if you gonna get KD and I'm Phoenix man, I'm gonna need a little more than that. I'm sorry. Yeah. How many picks they got? They got a pick from da, they got a pick from the Lakers. What pick is that? Have to gimme one of them bigs you got over there Lively a gaffer. You gotta gimme one of 'em. Gimme one of 'em. And I probably gonna want a Max Christie. Yeah. And Najee Marshall. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna need about four, five dudes to get up in there, man. What They 2029.


Oh they don't got the Lakers pick until 2029. Which might be worth something. Mike, what's up Uncle Ocho did the trade for Mikhail Bridges giving up five first round picks hitting the Knicks and getting Giannis or Kevin Durant? Yes. Yes, it absolutely did. They only talking about that right now though. 'cause the Knicks, right? Because because had you gone to the NBA final, you wouldn't have cared about giving up the story. Not at all. Hey listen, that's why it, it only can be one winner. So it's everybody else is gonna be dissatisfied. That's just part of Yep.


Colin said, how do y'all think the Lions are going to do this year now that they've lost our center? Like we lost our coordinators and now our center rag now was a four time pro bowler. He's the first round pick on one of Brad Holmes selections. He was, he was, he was very good. They've lost a lot. They lost a lot. They're still a very talented team. They're gonna get a lot of these guys back on defense Ocho that was injured last year. They're gonna get Hutch back. They're gonna get one of those linebackers gonna get some of those D linemen back. But You know, you lose both of your coordinators. You lose your center, the middle of the, the line. But you still talent. You got Almond Raw, you got La Porta, you got Jameson, you got Montgomery, you got Gibbs.


They still, they, they, they still got a lot. But I think, You know, the coordin the coordinators, I think the coordinator's gonna hurt. You think so? Yeah. I I think, I think they have so much talent around them offensively and defensively. I think they're gonna be fine regardless to who's calling the plays. It's still the same players and obviously those same players are still good at their respective crafts and positions. So I think they're gonna be all right regardless of who's calling the plays. Okay. Casey Taylor says start Bench Cut. Santana Moss. Marcus Colston Victor Cruz also. He wants me to share my 84 chain story.


Wanna see Joe's stories is so Joe has especially spending time in Atlanta. Alright. O Joe, Santana malls. Marcus Colten, VIX Cruz. Stan. That's a good one Up. Wow. Oh, You know what I'm going with home team. I'm starting, I'm starting Santana. I'm starting Tana man. Okay. I'm a bench. Oh, that's hard. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a bench Marcus Colten. I mean for those of you have watched him play with Drew Brees and the numbers he put up. Oh, Colten. Oh, he had, he had a stretch there. He Was, yeah. Yeah. He had a hell of a stretch.


And I, I I love Victor Cruz, man. But it, it was, it was, it was just a little bit too short. Okay. Well the 84 chain was, my brother gave it to me. I had a break in back in May of 2023 and they stole it. And I have yet to replace it. I wore it all, do it. I wore my chain during, during the actual game. Mocho. Yeah, The actual game. I, I wore that chain. And I remember, as a matter of fact, I had in a preseason game, the only time it's ever been broke and I was blocking Lee Woodall in a preseason game and You know, he tried to, tried to snatch me, man.


It broke. I felt it pop man. I let him go so quick. Hey, get him. You know, I'm looking, I I man, I'm looking out there. Hey. And then we turn and go to the other end. Right Man, they got people scouring on the hands and knees on the field trying to find it. It was down, it was down in my football pants. I just knew somebody had to have picked it up. Yeah. Joe, what's your favorite, what's your story? Spending time in Atlanta with the, with the Hawks? Man, man, I got so many in Ocho.


I don't know. I could, I could tell y'all when I first got here, You know, coming from Phoenix, we had won 62 games and getting here to Atlanta prior to me coming the year before. I think they had won like 13 games. So I ain't going to, I ain't gonna tell y'all no lie, man. It, it, it was rough. Them first couple years. Uncle Ocho, I'm being honest man. It was probably about like two, 300 people in the stands. It was bad. Damn it. Bad. Bad. It was bad. But look, every year, every year we got better. We start, You know, we got better as a team. So therefore, You know, the fans started to come out and by year three it was booming then. Oh yeah.


But the first couple years, man, listen, I ain't wanna leave my house. It was so bad. We were getting out here. My like, lord, I ain't, I ain't going nowhere. Hey, when you lose it, man, it's hard. It's hard. It's hard to get out the houses. It absolutely is. As a professional athlete, when you losing like that man, because listen, we started off my first year here, man. We started off three and 27, man. Damn. Damn. We were getting, we were getting drug. I'm talking about, man, listen, you talking about, I'm talking about didn't wanna leave the house. Yeah, 27. I'm talking about, man, it was bad with yo sir Kate said my guys, when y'all playing, who was the one player that made you say, man, that boy Cole when watching on the sidelines on film, bro, I was in the league.


I I was in the league. I was stand across the field and watch Barry on Thanksgiving. You know what the lion, how the lions play on Thanksgiving. Now imagine Barry on that turf on Thanksgiving. Yeah, lion might get beat all the time, but they gonna play their ass off on Thanksgiving. Man. Hell, I played on the sideline watch Jerry saw Moss. Hey Ocho, I played against Vince Carter that first when he was in Toronto for that first swing. It wasn't no game playing for him man. Vince Carter. There wasn't no man. Listen, it wasn't no game. Like, You know how you had game plans who were like, you game playing for Reggie Miller?


Ray Allen, but like for Vince, 'cause he, he shot so many unorthodox shots and he was so athletic. It was like everything he'd done, I was like wow. Like as, as a rookie watching him, I think he probably about four or five years in the league, but he was already half man half. Amazing man. It was something to see. I watched, I watched some highlights. Man that joke was jumping up man. That joke was head above the rem. It was unreal man. Unreal. It was unreal. It was unreal man. J 83 said Joe, what's the most points you scored at Central? The most points I scored at Central, probably like 35, 36.


I didn't score a lot. We had an awesome team. Okay. Ocho we were ranked nationally and that was, that's a public school, You know the little Rock central. Y'all can look us up on HBO Man. It's so special about my high school. Yeah, we something to be talking about. You hear me? But yeah. Did y'all win the state, Joe? Yeah, we won state. We should have won it every year. You know, it was just, when I was in high school, it was 10th, 11th, 12th, ninth grade won high school. Okay. So it was 10th, 11th, 12th. We made it to the championship game my 10th grade year. We lost in like the semis in my junior year and my senior year. It wasn't even close. We, we blew everybody out. Championship game was a blowout. Yeah. There wasn't nothing they could do. Jerry Jones, the goat said please give some love to Nigeria candidate from Texas Tech.


She has led the softball team to the World Series. She pitched nearly 400 straight pitchers for a team and she leads the team in home run. Actually she's the one that stopped Oklahoma's diners, Oklahoma had won five straight national championship game and she, hey remember she was at Stanford and it's reported that she got a million dollar NIL deal to go to Texas Tech Now, I don't know if she's a senior, she might go get 2 million. They might need to bump that up, but she was sensational on the mound today. And everybody knows those big guns, those big bats that, that Oklahoma can trot out there. Yeah, but she was sensational today. I thought Oklahoma had 'em because they bottom of the seventh two run home and tie the game, but then oh girl, come back.


Bottom boom. But yep, I think it Rie candidate. She was, she was great. She was great. And that's what you pay a million dollars for Ocho? Yeah, man. Yeah. Look Chad, we know Ocho Chad wanted us to talk about AB was arrested who? For firing shots at people, correct? Correct. At in the, in in the ceiling of his? Yes. No.


Oh. He was outside firing shots in the air. Who When this happen? When I was on plane Just now. Oh shit, j dun from Akron. Congrats on your son's graduation. He's talking you Ocho he smashed you and fellow cinco. He would, Nah, you won't beat me as fellow Cinco. Thank He say your son would beat you as fellow Cinco. If I went to Harvard, boy I went to Harvard, my son graduated from Arizona State. That let You know who the smartest, smarter person is and obviously, I mean, I see he get the smarts from his mom. Well, yeah. Yeah. They say well that's what they say. They say smarts, kid smarts come from the the mother's side.


Hey, this mama did a hell of a job man. All those I have. Yeah. I can't, I can't say I I I disagree with That. Yeah. Yeah. All those I have kids. Hey, hey. Lemme think, lemme tell you something. My uncle Joe, Joe, I didn't do, I didn't do things the traditional way. Right. You know, I can't do a traditional way, but one thing about God, man, he don't make no mistakes. And boy, those I have kids from, they did one hell of a effing job with the kids boy. Yeah, man. Like, yeah Lee, man, good job. I listen, I I I ain't do bad. I mean my kids, I done went to graduation today Joe. Right. Yeah. My son graduated. I done flew to Houston. I had to make sure I got to Houston in time so I could do Nightcap and my daughter graduated from Prairie View a and m in the morning.


Mm. My son graduated on Monday, bro. He graduated from high school. For real? Yeah. That's hard. You only got one kid, Joe. I got three, my son 18, my daughter is 11 and I got a three old little boy, Joe. You gotta keep car bro. You got them things. They out seven years apart but they, they wasn't my doing a Ocho. Yeah, you gotta, you gotta get back in there Joe. That, that get Back in where? Well you can't, you can't, You know all numbers. That's bad luck. Two boys. I got two boys, one girl. I'm cool Man. I'm A a a a chop sue. It. You done? Yeah. I'm not having no more kids. Ocho. What wrong with you Man? You tripping man.


Yeah, yo old bro. Ocho bad. Stop that. He he, he being a quittle On quitter or what About you ain't having no more kid? Don't be a quitter. The first, first thing we learned in Kindergarten, Joe said I ain't do enough practicing now. I ain't even trying to play no game. I'm just practicing. Hey, hey, hey Ojo getting kids expensive time. Like No, no, no. Kids expensive. What you choose to buy is No, today's time it's hard to raise. You not raising no kids like you and I got raised Ocho like Joe got raised. You not doing that. My grandpa used to always tell us, he'd say, boy the worst kind of poor you could be is child poor.


Well I don't like y'all. I'm finna have twins. You Finn have twin. Y'all finna have twin now. I'm done. I'm done. And That's gonna put you, that's gonna put you at what, 10 right at 10 and I'm done. No, I'm done man. I'm Sorry man. I want, the only thing I want twigs, they better, they better be, they better be cars or bank accounts. Them only twins I want. Hey, I'm trying. Hey, Hey bro. It's so funny. I'm trying not to laugh. Right. You know, I went, You know I had my work done right? Yeah. I was cutting my, I was cutting my hair. You know the, the oil joke, You know the oil they give you to put on the clippers?


Yeah. I dumb ass forgetting. I had work done. I went and tried to bite it and twist it off. My whole tooth done popped off. Right. So I'm trying, I'm trying to be careful and laughing. I'm hoping, I was hoping while we doing the shot, I hope it fell out. But it ain't Did you put something on it? Oh you just stuck in? I ain't, It's just sitting there. It just sitting. Nah, I'm hoping to fight. I thought, I thought it was, I don't buy nothing. I don't buy nothing with these. Yeah, I listen. Hey, I forgot, I forgot it. It, it, it then dawned on me until I'm sitting there biting the top off. Man. The damn tooth done went flow shit.


Hey. Oh hey, I'm biting up with the front of my teeth. I bet everything on the, the Side. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Hey, so if I look straight on, You know, but hey, on the side look like a jack ladder. But now I got, I got, I got, I got plan dentist in, in Houston, but tomorrow, Sunday, hey, everything closed. So I gotta wait Sunday, tomorrow, tomorrow, Saturday bro. Oh yeah. Him, he don't know where he at. Okay, so the dentist open tomorrow then You have to pay extra to get him to come in. But yeah, He open. Yeah. I gotta get it. I gotta get it, get it bonded man. Why maybe I can't be at Graduation. That probably cost you, that probably cost you about 2000, 3000.


Nah, he got it. He got it. That's got That got what you I just need to get it bonded back. That's about $80 man. Come on. Okay. You must be gonna CVS or Walgreen talking about 80 Man, please. Okay. Oh, so, so you'll pay that man. 2000, 3000. Put your tube back in. But you won't pay me. Not gonna cost that much. Y'all just, y'all creating a number? I did. No, I'm telling you Ocho gonna cost what it cost to put back in. I'm telling you. No, That's, that's too Much. It probably cost you a thou first of all, that's an emergency. So you got him coming in. 'cause most dentist offices aren't open on Saturday. Now you got the call and hope somebody knows, I think Dentist offices are open on Saturday.


They just closed a little earlier than normal. No, they're not open on Saturdays. Anybody in the chat, y'all know a dentist office I can go to man to make sure my tooth don't fall out. Man. Where you at bro? What? What you say? You in Houston? I'm in, I'm literally in Houston right downtown. I'm in, I'm in the club right now, Joe. I swear to God I'm in the club. I'm just in the back office. It's called. It's cracking. It's cracking. It's like that. It is crowded, Huh? Yeah. Oh, Joe, I just told you don't mention Houston. I just told You that I didn't, I didn't say Houston. You did say Houston. No, I was talking about Alan Houston, the basketball player.


Kim Beatles said ugly Ocho Where're the after party at, after the Charlotte Show play Ton of spade for Ocho Cartiers or some Shaa. VSOP didn't wanna mess up Granny's name. Mm. Somebody calling y'all out, man. Right. Ain't calling ain't calling me out because you, you definitely, we could, we could, we could play for whatever, not these Cartiers, because You know I need them, but we could, we could put some money on it. Shit. Make it light on yourself now. I don't know Ocho, I gotta, I gotta see you play a couple times for you. I bring you on this. He like, he might be Rene some. Nah, nah, ain man. Listen, spades is what I do now. I don't play. No, I don't play no game. It's one, it's one thing about it.


I do, I there's a lot of things in life. I play with it. Spades ain't one of 'em. Mm. I don't know. Joe. I have to, I I might need to see you play. I might need to see you play a couple hands. I got you. And see how, and see how well you can read the, I can read the board how well you can, because you need to be able to read your partner. I can't if your partner, oh, Not only can I read my partner, I already know what's going to happen. Listen, I, when I go to Vegas, I know how to read cards. They don't even let me in the MGM no more. I can't even go to no casinos 'cause I know how to read cards. I learned to beat the machine. I learned to beat, Well first of all, it's not counting, it's not called reading card's called, called counting. So that way I know Read to say it's all the same thing.


Count 'em a read them. I can't even go to Vegas no more. I'm banned When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a l.


The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude to have hope is to have your child healthy.


And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org. Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card.


To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees. Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do Part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health.


Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future Health Weight Loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. David d. Crew said up Ocho Joe, if your barber messes up your cut, do you say something or did you not just never go back? I ain't gonna lie, it is been time. Boy Barber done then, then to mess me up.


Yeah. I I ain't, I I ain't going back. For real. Like if I'm on the road, let's say like when I was playing and we'd be on the road and I needed to cut and I asked somebody, Hey man, send me somebody to, You know, who can cut. And he cut, cut me up and, and it was horrible. Yeah, man, I may not say nothing to him, but I'm gonna tell his man. Somebody, man, you done sent this dude over there, man. Oh, hey Joe. As a matter of fact, I know the dude that cut your hair. He from Little Rock. He from Little Rock he hit off. Yeah. Amari. Yeah. Little short dude. Yeah. Yeah. I call him people. Bryce. Who you talking? Who you talking about? Huh? We might be talking about two different people. There's a little dude. He, he's in the off the hook.


He from, he a homeboy. He said, man, Joe, my homeboy. I be so yeah. What what was his, what was his name? Dre or Amari? I don't even know his name. I call him both of them from Little Rock. And they both lived, they both out here and Amari cut my hair now he been cutting my hair for about two years now. Dope. Dope. There. The other, I gotta, I gotta find out from Joe. What's, what's a pbo real name man, You know, you call somebody a nickname so Long Joe, you don't even really know name, real name. Yep. So, hey man, You know, such and such. I said, no, he, because when people ask me, Hey Sharp, you remember such and such? I say from Savannah State, I said, do you have a nickname? Yeah. They called him. Oh yeah, I know exactly who you're talking about. You know, nickname or a former teammate you done called somebody a nickname for 25, 30 years.


Man, don't ask me their real, his real name because I don't know it. Nah, I, I, I explained, look, I've only had a handful of barbers, especially like Joe who's my barber in Atlanta. He's been cutting my hair since 94. So he's been cutting my hair 30 years. Nobody else has ever cut my hair in Atlanta except him growing up. A guy named, a guy named Mr. Mr Al, what was it? Reverend Green and a dude named Bobby Lee Wilkins cut my hair. Then when I couldn't find them, Luther Mayer cut my hair and then I went to college. You know, you go to college, you find out one of your teammates can cut them.


Two, $2, two feet of haircuts come in handy. Yeah. So a dude named Coop and then they had a, a homeboy named Mud Cut by Hair. Yeah. I got, I got a young cat out here named Amari. He from Little Rock, but when I met him, I didn't know he from Little Rock. I just seen his work on IG and I said in Atlanta. And I just hit him up and I went and got a cut. And then he started telling me he, he went to Parkview High School that's in Little Rock, that same high school my mom went to. Right. So is the dude that cut you, is he short? Nah, this dude I'm talking about ain't short, but the dude named Dre used to cut my hair. He a little shorter than Amari, but yeah.


Okay. That's, that's probably real Dre. Yeah. Yeah. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said as my grandma used to say, Lord, if this ain't the best podcast, I say Glory Grace your fam doc, thank you so much. Thank you for your support. Joe, you don't know Doc Dr. Frankie Belman, but she probably was one of our first five subscribers. Oh really? She's been to all, she came to our first, our very first road show that was in Vegas. She was there. The Atlanta show. She was there, the New Orleans show. She was there. She's probably gonna be at the Charlotte Show also. I mean, she's been, I mean our, our family, our supporters at Nightcap basically big time they come so Doc and, and she found out my brother was gonna be playing, I think it's at Myrtle Beach.


And she always goes down there and I say, man, look here, I got a a a a one of our listeners on Nightcap, her name is Dr. Frankie Belman. She gonna come up, say, what's up? And sure enough, he, she said she came up greedy Grimer said two picks, ice picks, quick picks, mix the six. I like it. Big Mike said, go New York, Ocho talk your talk. Yeah. Listen, I'm, I'm a heat fan. I'm a heat fan and I'm, I was only going for the Knicks to piss off my baby. I'm, I'm sure she's watching, she's emotionally unstable right now. She was crying because obviously Boston went home. I've never seen someone love a team that much.


You know where you invested that much time and that much he'd be motioned into a team crying. Yeah. What are you doing Shannon? I hope you Okay. Yeah, if I lose I might cry. I ain't crying Somebody else lose. Hey, I hope you're okay Mama. Go Knicks Pat Dub. And I hope fans are understanding better how this second apron worked. Celtics and the Warriors are a perfect example of how it affects championship windows. Oh they, they did it. So because they didn't want teams to be like, to be able to do what the Warriors did by getting KD and have KD and have Steph and have Clay and have Draymond.


They don't want that. They don't want the big, the big three Miami heat. Again, they don't want that thing. You could do it but you're gonna be paying $200 million in luxury tax and then you get up in that second April and become a repeater. Mm. Okay. Yeah. And then you let us laugh. Unc Ocho iso, in your opinion, which NBA team had the worst finals loss? The worst finals loss? Yeah. Probably would be somebody who got swept. Right. That was probably supposed to win the series and got swept.


Yeah. Worst finals loss. The Lakers have to be up there when they got beat by Detroit. It might be, it might be when Houston might be the heat when they got beat by Maverick. It might be Houston when they beat Orlando with Penny and Shaq. Yeah. But Elijah was on a different lake. Shaq was on different level too. Shaq was young. I know he was young, but Unc, he was still dominating the league. They couldn't do nothing with him. It's just not only was Elijah one great, but the guys around him played Kenny Smith. Those seven threes that one game. But I think, but think about it. They had Shaq and Kobe and they got gentlemen Sweet by the, by, by By by Detroit.


He was on Detroit team during that time. Rasheed Wallace, rip Hamilton, Rasheed, big Ben Wallace, Chauncey Rip Hamilton and Shaw. Yeah, Shaw Prince. Okay. I think they had McNight. I think McNight came off the bench. Didn't they have McKnight? He might. He might have came off the bench then. But you think, I don't think that, I don't think that's worse than the, the Houston boy look here. Before McKnight messed that knee up boy. When he was in Denver. I was in Denver when he was there. Yeah. What man? Jump out the gym boy at 16. Oh yes. Oh yes. McKnights was like that. Jump out the gym like Shannon Brown jump out the gym. Yeah. Six 10, boy, he was six. He was six eight and jumped like that.


Yeah, I played with, I played with Mick D in Phoenix. Obviously it was later in his career, but yeah man, he played at Alabama. So I'm, I'm a SEC guy so I always kept up with them. Dudes, man, duke, all them guys from Alabama can jump. Robert Ory. People don't realize. Robert Orry used to play above the rim before he messed his back up and just started shooting threes. But when he first got, when he first got to the league, Hey, what, what, what, what? Jason Richardson. Michigan State. Michigan State. He jumped too. He was another, he was His son can jumped too. Who? His son. His son. He got son. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But McKnight mc Dice. Antonio mc Dice was real nice.


I was in Denver when he got there. All them guys, Mutombo, Jalen, rose, mc, Rodney Rogers, MCN Melo, all them Deshaun Allen. Who do you think is the strictest coach in the NBA back in the day? Chuck Daley. Pat Riley or Casey Jones. I mean, Well, is there somebody more strict than Pat? Yeah, I probably is. I don't, I don't either. Pat, pat run a tight ship over there, man. I think he been doing that since, since the days he coached with the what? The Knicks and the Lakers?


Yeah. Yeah. I, magic, magic said he was, he was like that when Magic got him. So, and then, You know we went to the, he went to the Knicks and boy, the thing about that had Mason Oakley. Yeah, Charles Oak. They had Xavier McDaniel, Charles Smith, big Pat, he coach boy. They had a, a team full of power for it. That's it. Hey, come to the A that's what they say. Come to the page if you want to. You come the first time you ain't coming back. I bet you they put you on that flow for sure. Snacks in halftime said, Hey Unc Joe. Ocho start Bench Cut Luca ant man, F, GA.


Alright man, if y'all do this one more time right, I'm going with N SGA. Oh, so you cut Luca? I Said I, I said what? I said Ocho say it. I dunno what else you want from me? I said what I said, but I wanna know who you starting on. What you said. You said I got a star one bench, one start, Start, start cut bench. I'm going to SGA. You gonna start SGA. Hey Joe, they got me last night. They, they gave me to Randy Moss and damn Calvin Johnson.


Come On man. Come on My point. Exactly. Me right now. Yeah man they Think you got me. They cutting one of them off. Huh? You gotta cuss somebody. Man. Come on. I said And you what, what you going with Ojo? Shoot, I listen, I, I'm, I love the personality of of and man and you can't go wrong as a toss up between and SGA. So I'm starting, I'm starting and I'm benching SGA and I'm cutting Luca. Dang. Ar what you doing? You, you gotta be careful on this one.


I got the next one. I got the next question. We got another start Bench Cut. What's the next one? Aren? No ass. Start Bench Cut. Chase Ocho, AJ Green. Oh, that's easy. I got that. Joe. Leo, aj, I'm sorry bro. Nah, aj, I'm sorry, I'm Star, I'm I'm starting Chase. Benching, benching. Aj, I'm cutting me. Oh, that's Easy. Nah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna start Chase Ocho. I'm sorry Ocho. If so, if Chase need a bro, need a breather, I'll send you in. But other than that. Hey. Nah aj I'm sorry aj, I gotta, I gotta go about dog Ocho he gotta get him in the game.


Nah, Fuck that. You know, You know it's funny when, whenever it come to any kind of rankings. Well I always put everybody before me. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't be caring. Nah, they gotta be, I gotta really think they go before me before I put 'em before me. I ain't just putting somebody out there just to be humble. Right. That ain't happening. Hey Sanjay Sanse said Ocho, Unc and Ocho. You're an NFL general manager. Who's your first pick date or alive? First pick, start a franchise with obviously, right? Yep. I'm taking Brady. You can't go wrong at the quarterback position If you gimme an offensive player.


I'm taking Tom Brady. You gimme a defensive player. I'm taking lt. I Was gonna say, I gonna say LT defensive. I gonna say lt. Yeah, player quarter. I'm start with, I got, if you start with any other position on offense, you, you crazy. I'm taking the quarterback, I'm taking Tom. Then defensive player, I'm taking lt, Gimme, gimme, I'm, gimme, gimme Joe Montana. Okay. And gimme LT on the other side. Who you start, who you start your franchise with, Joe. Shit. I know Joe.


You heard what he said? Joe say he started a franchise with Ocho. No, no, No. I'm probably, I'm probably gonna go with, I'm probably go with Mahomes. Okay. On defense. I, I don't know. I say, I say Ray, I say Ray Lewis. Good one. Okay. Even if you, that's a good one. After you saw what I did to Ray, you gonna pick Ray? Well I seen Ray smack. You come across that Miller That that's one play. What, what about the other a hundred plays?


I smacked them. I Ain't And did you read to him in the end zone and knocked yourself out? That's, that's one time because I Oh did he? No he hit oh he hit him Crawl coming across the middle, knocked his elbow Off. You saw I got up finna beat his ass. Right. You saw as I got up What, what we were playing When you got up? What Happened? Hey, what Ed? Reed had to hold me back. Oh okay. Hey, hey y'all about to sleep Ray ass boy. Hey, I about, hey I got hit. Hey, I jumped for the, I jumped for the ball man. He hit me up underneath my chin. My helmet went flying. Hey you did. I sw for God Joe, before I hit the ground, man I was getting up. I was, I was trying to get up before I ground, I thought your head was in that helmet.


Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, Nah. Ray was finna get his hands and lemme tell you, lemme tell you about the story Joe. Go ahead. We stopped. So I waited for Ray outside the locker room and I think he went out the back door. 'cause I, we, we gonna have to square up. Yeah, like how you hit me like that. So I went to the team bus and was banging on the, You know, banging on the door. But he ain't never come outside. Yeah, yeah. You know, You know they call, hey camp Call me Hella hands. Right? Yeah. Yeah. They call me hella hands. I ain't know that. Yeah, that's why Rain wanna fight. Sometimes like if I fight somebody it's like, it feel like you fighting two people. Like that's, that's why they call me hella hands. Yeah, they call you hella legs because you gonna run.


Yeah. I mean if, if I, if you call a route. Yeah, I'm gonna run. That's about the only time Ki Norwood Jr. Ask my question is, what are your top four old school cars? Ooh, A 70 Chevelle. 4 56 Kyle Induction LS 6 19 69 Camaro. Who? We, I would say 1970 or 71 Cuda.


And then just for good measures. I take the two 50 GTO Ojo you got, but that ain't really no, that ain't really no old, that ain't really no old school. And I ain't really trying to spend, You know, 25, 30, $40 million for a car. Yay. So I go another old school. I'll go, I'll take a, I'll take a 4, 4 2 cut. Cut or cut. I'll take a cut. Okay. Yeah. Or I'll take, I'll take a GTO God take over or a Ram Air. So first one I, I want that. I want that, that Chavelle?


Yeah. Well nice. I gotta have that Chavelle. That's the first, that's the first Chavelle Cow induction 4 56. I got seven. I got a 71 Chevelle Black and Gray. And I got a 72 Impala drop. Big body Chevy. Chevy. Huh? A convertible 72. Yeah. You wanna sell it? Do I want to sell it? You want one? You looking for one Man, I've been looking for a don for the longest, for a, for a decent fight. You had all them Dons and you got rid of them. But All, all Mazo, all Mazo bought 'em off me. They, now they in Miami. It ain't even about like for me, I, I did like six Chevys when I was, so me and my homeboys had something.


When, when I move, You know, we all move as one. I ain't want nobody to, but it's all about racing and going fast. Now I just, I just, I'm about looking good. You wanna enjoy. I don't, I Don't wanna go fast. Everybody, everybody turn all the Dons in Miami and the race cars. Yeah, You gotta a box. You gotta box Chevy. I, I ain't like the box Chevy. I hate, I hate the box Chevy Everyone. Why? I've, I've always hated it. Nah, I ain't no box Chevy. I ain't no no box Chevy guy either. I'm gonna get me an old school car. LTD. Y'all know the LTD is, I had, I had one in my high school. Real, Hey look, I had one in high school, boy.


We had to stop me and the homies had to stop every five, 10 minutes just to put some oil in it. I'm talking, I you, I about to say that. You had to stop everything. That's one thing about them old car boy. It's some work. You gotta do some work with them old car boy. Because you gotta realize them cars 50 years old, they ain't meant to be driven on the rig. So hey boy, hey pull that car side the road. Don't be leaking that oil up on by, by. Hey boy, that thing ain't leaving me staying in the driveway. You hear me? Absolutely. My grandma did not play.


Hey Joe, the fact that you Think you gonna beat me in basketball is funny though. You know what? As matter of fact, I ain't gonna let your ass go. I'm enough said I'm done. Brody Burton said Ocho tattoos have all the names he owe money to. You do owe people money. Ocho Hey, I don't owe nobody. I don't owe nobody money, man. Nobody. Oh, I owe you. I owe you 5,200. I'm gonna get I pro. I promise you I'm gonna get you your money. I promise you. But 5,200 a lot, man. How am gonna pay child support if I pay You? Oh man, they ain't got nothing to do with him. They ain't got do BI got, I got some bills I need to pay too.


Bill Life. Tyson said Ocho is soldier boy. He did everything first. Hey, You know that true, that true, that True. King TL said, I believe Ocho, he walked with Dr. King. Salute the volume When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour.


American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og.


Cool rush for yourself. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration.


Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a b-cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay.


St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude to have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org. This is an iHeart podcast.