
ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. Oo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks. You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy.


It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox tivas powerful, clean, and refreshing cent can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store. This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With, over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit, your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back.


Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply. They Say every dog has its day, but when your Lulu and your parents drive a Camry, every day is your day. The roomy rear seat is the perfect whoa. Is that the dog park? Backseat besties. It's a Camry vibe. The all new, all hybrid Camry. Toyota, let's go places. Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had.


So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network. The Volume, The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more.


Download the Draftking Sports Book app Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope wire. Text open Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance.


See d dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources. The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime.


Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed. Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The Binga ring of Fame honoree, the legendary. He's an all pro. He's a pro bowler Samo Juco, all the way to Oregon State to Cincinnati where he cut his teeth.


Y'all know him from Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And thank you for joining us. Please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And please make sure you join the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, every podcast subscriber counts because of you. We've been able to enjoy a level of success that we didn't expect to reach this early. So thank you for liking, for subscribing and telling family, friends, and loved one to go check out Nightcap. Yes sir. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. So thank you for your patience when we didn't have it in stock, but you waited for us. Thank you so much.


We have it in stock and we'll get that out to you promptly. Please go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Okay, Ocho, I guess we gonna jump right into it. Yeah. Tom Brady once again, strokes rumors. Yeah, Stokes rumors about coming outta retirement on one of his recent blogs on YouTube. He says he still keeps in shape. I just wanna make sure all you young bucks in the NFL know that if I want to come outta retirement, they still got something to deal with. Yeah, Brady just turned 47. He retired after, after the 2022 season.


And he has not played a game since January 6th, 16th of 2023. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Why Brady keep doing this? I don't know. I I, I I think he like it. I think he like it. Or he might be setting it up for some, for something big. I don't think it's a return to the game of football. But I mean, he's already going to anchor the C-B-S-C-B-S network, right? Oh, Fox is Fox, okay. Number one team. He can be anchor on, on, on Fox. So him coming back is probably, probably not likely, but he might be setting up for something else. It is. He just planted the seed. I'm not sure what the seed may be, but obviously playing football is not it. Why would you, why would you give up 37 million? He got a 10 year deal.


Damn. There at $400 million to talk. Yeah. Yeah. You get to I don't give a damn if he comes back and plays another five years. Yes, sir. I'm gonna tell you what my brother told me when I thought about coming back for year 15 instead of taking that dance job at CBS. Right. He said, boy, you get too old to play football, you don't get too old to talk. Mm. I like that. I that, so I lemme ask you a question, Ocho Yes, sir. And one, also, one of the things that I had to decide if I won another Super Bowl, was that gonna change anybody's perception of me? No. No sir. If I had another a thousand yard season, another 50 catch season. No, no sir. What can Tom Brady do to change anybody's perception of him?


Absolutely nothing except change the narrative about being too old to play the game of football as the quarterback position. That's probably, that's probably it. That narrative that you, it can still be done. Or probably he's one of the few that can probably do it well into his forties, almost to the age of 50. And I mean this, it, it doesn't change the narrative at all. Narrative at all. He's the goat, he's the greatest of all time with a young fellow down there in Kansas City Right. On his heels. That's pretty much it. Yeah. I just say that, look, there are gonna be a lot of guys that's gonna play unless if if they don't suffer significant injury, you're gonna see a lot of guys playing 18, 19, 20 season. Yeah. Yeah. The rules will allow it. Yeah. You can punish the quarterback like you once could And if you could.


Man, they get solved in half. You don't wanna take that kind of punishment ojo. Yeah. Oh yeah. So look, I I I just think he's having fun with it. I think from time to time. Like, y'all know me, y'all know I can still do this. Right? Yeah. And this is, go ahead. This is the thing I like about, about the new Tom. I, I called it the new Tom because the Tom and the time in New England is the time that the time in New England is the serious time. I'm about business time. I'm, I'm, I'm coming to my job. But the time we got in Tampa Bay was side that the players got to see inside the locker room when there were no cameras around. The fun Tom, the personality Tom, the Tom that makes jokes, the, you know, in, in, in, in New England, I tried to get him on Twitter for the longest New England.


I tried to get him on Instagram for the Instagrams for the longest. He wouldn't do it. He wouldn't budge. All of a sudden he gets, he gets to Tampa brand new man. I can finally be myself. I'm finally, I don't want us to use the words as I'm finally free, but I can just be myself without, without having to mask who I truly am up under the patriot way. If that, if that makes sense. Yeah. And, we now, we get to see the fun guy. We get to see the fun guy on Twitter. You know, he's, he's making content videos and, and having fun. And I think it's dope vlogging and all this other stuff. And that's a time that we never got to see. Well, we got to see it. You know, that that that fun side of him. But the world never got see it.


And now it's a coming out party for him and he's taken advantage of it. I think the thing is, for the most part, Ocho the only guy that really was himself at all times was Gronk. Yeah. Gro was most definitely Gronk. Gronk was, that was that college fra guy that drank Bears, had a good time, yelled and screamed. He took care of his business off on the field. There's no question about it. Yeah. But he was himself. Coach Belichick didn't make, didn't, wasn't able to suppress who Gronk was. Uhuh the Gronk that you see, that's how he is. He really, what you see is what you, he really, that's how he is. Yeah. He's a big fun-loving frat.


You know, you, you, you think of a frat guy at a, at a, at a, at a, at a PWI that drinks have a good time. Go have on khakis in a blazer when he goes somewhere that's wrong. But he's gonna have a great time. He's a great guy. He's a fun guy to be around. And Coach Belichick wasn't able to suppress that. Yeah. I don't know if we got anybody else's personality in New England other than Gronk. No. And when you got, and when and and, and when you got, because I, I think the thing is, is that you understood why you was there. He controlled everything. There was never a situation where, I'm here because the coach wanted me, but the general manager didn't. I'm here 'cause the general manager wanted me, but the coach didn't. Right. They're in, they're, they're the same person. So, you know, you was there because of Coach Belichick.


Yes, sir. You know, if you weren't there, it was because of Coach Belichick. And for the longest time, Tom was okay with that. But at some point in time, Tom realized, I'm doing all this and you still treat me like the 23rd, the 50, the 48th, the guy on the roster. Yeah. So am I doing all this end? Yep. Towards the end. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. He's like, I'm not on Twitter, I'm not doing any of these things and I still get the same abuse. I get the same. Nah, hell nah. So as you notice at the time to end, he stopped coming to OTAs and he start to stop doing all that. Oh, that training. Yeah. I think like, no, I think it, I think it got to the point where, where Bill, bill understood the position.


He felt Tom's time had maybe run his course a little bit with the Garoppolo situation. I think Tom felt the pressure of Bill probably wanting to go in that direction. Yeah. I think Tom, I I think Tom might have talked the craft and saying, you know what, I don't want this individual over my shoulder. You, you know how that is for, for starting the quarterbacks. Yes. And I, I think they just, they just had to get rid of him. And it, I, I, listen, I could be speculating, but I'm just thinking how it played out in my head and, and, and how, how it played out hell in front of all our eyes. That that, that that might've been the issue. And I think Tom really had nothing to worry about.


But I think it was Bill, bill was ready to go in another direction feeling that Tom had had done all can, all he could and not realizing, you know, Tom leaves and goes and wins another goddamn Super Bowl. That's, that's crazy. That's always The fear. Like in a, in a, in a, in a, in a perfect story, you couldn't write it any better to leave a team where a coach assumingly doesn't believe you anymore and wants to move on and you go to the next team and win a SW bowl. And it's people like Tom Brady that make people think playing the, the quarterback position in the NFL is easy. Yeah. Because he and Patrick Mahomes make it look so fucking easy. Yet it's easy, so difficult. They make it look so easy.


But yet it's so difficult. I think the thing was, look, the writing was on the wall. Yeah. When you heard, when the self Rickers Wickersham wrote this article about how they came to a come to Jesus meeting. Right. And Mr. Kraft gave Coach Belichick an ultimatum. Ultimatum Yeah. That Jimmy Garoppolo was going to be traded Yeah. Against Coach Belichick. And he didn't want that to happen. Yes. That was his guy. Yeah. Because Coach Belichick had been in the NFL long enough to know that you need that bridge that if you let a quarterback die on rot on the vine and you don't have a bridge. Yeah. You get the Miami Dolphins. Yeah. You get the buffalo bills and so you don't have that great, that succession plan on like the Green Bay Packers.


Yeah. You go from Brent Favre to Aaron Rogers, Rogers to George Low. Now they, they got lucky. They got, think about it. What, what, what other team or entity in that matter has had the luck of the Packers with three Not quarterback Situation. We can go from Joe Montana to Steve Young, but that stopped at two quarterbacks. Well, no, but, but you know, Jeff Garcia had a good, Jeff Garcia was Jeff. Jeff, Jeff, Four. Jeff, Jeff Pretty, Jeff was pretty good, but I mean, but, but I mean, But not, not, not what, not Hall of Fame. Like Nah, not, not what I mean, what the Packers have had, you got, you got eight, you had 18 years of Brent, you had 18 years of Aaron Rogers. That's crazy. And it looks like you might have 18 years of, of, of Jordan Love your love.


So you might have 50 plus years of great quarterback. Yeah. Almost like the steel, his coaching situation. Coaching. Yeah. So you, it was coming, and I said this at the time, right when Tom wanted his, wanted a, an extension on his contract and all they did was take money and give it to him and assign him bonus and then they extend it. Right. I said he gone. Yeah. Yeah. Why would you, why would you, why would you not extend him if you wanted him? That's a golden opportunity. Yeah. And so now, and I remember, and I said this also right? I said, Tom, Mr. Kraft won this one, he won't win the next one. Right. Coach Belichick's gonna get his way. Yeah. Because he is not gonna stop.


Because the problem is, is that he wanted to show, see, doesn't happen. Oh, Joe, a lot of times when you have success and when you see successful roots break up Yeah. It's because there's a power struggle going on. Yeah. That if you, if you know, you know, if you're in the business, if you're around it, you can see it. Right. But to the casual fan, they don't see it. Wow. Oh, Shannon, you don't know what you're talking about. You see when, when Bill Walsh retired, they won the Super Bowl the next year. Yeah. So there was no, there was no, it was Bill, it was Joe that won the Super Bowl next year and they got to the A FC champ in the NFC championship, it was called for three P. Yeah. So now there was always question who's most responsible for the Patriots dynasty?


Is it Tom? Is it Bill? I think it's a little bit of both. I think. I Think, well, all I know is one guy went and got a super, won a Super Bowl and went to the playoffs every years and the other guy went to the playoffs one year, got bounced in the first round and never went back to the playoffs again. Yeah. Well, you know, I think, I think on and on bill's, on Bill's behalf, you have to think then importance of the quarterback position. We all know it. Everybody in the chat that's listening, you understand how important the quarterback position is. Now when you're not able to fulfill that spot, then you're not able to do other things with the freedom that Bill had when Tom was in place. Right. You have to understand, when you look at the New England Patriots and the landscape of that team throughout the years, the pieces to the puzzle constantly change each year, whether it be offensively, whether it be defensively.


But as long as you had that centerpiece in Tom there and everything ran through him, you were gonna be fine. You were gonna reset. You could do, you could do any and everything because you understood he was gonna protect the ball in the most crucial times and not turn it over. And all he had to do was go play defense. And what was Bill Belichick? He was a defensively, he was the defensive genius. Yeah. He's a guru on the defense side of the ball. And listen, they did the best job at taking away your best weapon. Yeah. They were the best at that. And you know, it just unfortunate, you know, I I I don't wanna say, I don't wanna say the word, I don't wanna use egos. I don't wanna say egos got in the way and it was, it was, it was, it was a damn pissing contest on, on who was responsible. But I think it, it, it ruined a great thing.


It it ruined a great thing. Of course. I think the thing is Ocho because you saw coordinators come and go, be it offense, defense, it didn't matter the players. And, and people are like, well Tom, did you have to understand everybody can't play in that system. Yeah. Every great player can't play for Coach Belichick. He took players when he goes and drafts Yeah. They're doing an evaluation about ego. Is this guy gonna be okay catching one pass two passes one week and then maybe not catching another pass for two or three weeks. And so you have to evaluate that because the one thing that you're not going to do is mope on Coach Belichick's time. No. He gonna get you up outta there.


So you have have to understand. You have to, if, if you, like I said Ojo, if you know, you know, you and I played the game for an extended period of time, so we know how that things worked. And I had a coach very similar. Now he wasn't as rigid. Mike was not as rigid as Coach Belichick, but Mike wasn't gonna settle up for that. Yeah. I don't care what round you was drafted in. I don't care how much money he gave you, Mike would get your ass up outta there. Yeah. Quick if you did anything that wasn't team related. Yeah. And, and matter of fact, the fact that you say that, remember you asked me not too long ago, maybe, maybe two or three shows ago, you asked me was I okay with how things were going in New England being that it wasn't a productive season that I'm used to having. You know, if you look my God numbers every, every year, you already, you already know what time it was.


I was right. I was given that work. And he was like, did Well listen, whether I was okay with it or not, I understood. Once you walk in that building, nobody even has to say anything. Unc. I don't know what it, I don't, I don't know what it is about the Patriots and the Patriot Way and, and you having a, a great understanding that you are expendable no matter who you are. Small example chat Members. Well, you saw it happen, don't you? Hey, look at all the great players that they had. Oh yeah. They let Lloyd, they cut Lloyd Malloy on a Tuesday. Yeah. Ty Law left Willie McGinnis left. All those guy, all those guys. Vince Wolf, it didn't Matter. Yeah, it didn't matter. Lemme tell You. So Rich Seymour, But lemme tell you something, you know when you can, you can do all that when you got that goddamn 12 sitting back there and you ain't got nothing to worry about because you can feel every, you can feel all the other roles via draft and in the off season through free agency.


But then think about this. One of the things, one of the reasons why I probably would've never, even if I didn't have this example or saw this example, Randy Moss was upset about something. I think it might've been contract, it might've been money. He was just coming off that season. What'd he do? Touchdown. And he had, what'd he do? He, yeah. And he said something in the media about, about contract, about getting paid. You remember that? I do remember. And he went back to Minnesota. He was going what? It wasn't even 24 hours. Yeah. Oh my God. Boy, listen, you already know what time it is. So you know, I wasn't going over there cutting up. Oh, on Who? Yes. You. One of the greatest of all, one of the greatest, one of the top three players of all time go, well who the fuck am I I ain't nobody shit.


I was walking on Eggs Shield the whole time. Well, the thing was ocho, they should sell Tom Brady at, at alto Sephora because he's the greatest, he's the greatest makeup ever. Yes. Because he can cover, he could cover up all blemishes Yes. That the Patriots had. Yes. Because he was so good. So he's makeup and there are, there only been a handful of guys. You get a guy like Patrick Mahome That can do That. He's makeup. Tom Brady, he's makeup. Those guys like that. You got blemishes on your team. They can hide 'em. Yeah. They're the filter on ig. Make everything look good. And lo and behold you hammer. That's a one. That's a good one. You, you, you, you fat you outta shape.


You terrible. But that guy can make you look good. Yeah. And Tom Brady is the ultimate makeup. Mm. And we might not ever see that again. Now, Patrick Mahome is, is, is, is, is firing. Yeah. But what Tom was able to do, I I I thought when he got to three in his first three or four, four years, right. I thought he could get to five. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't See, I ain't see that. I ain't, I ain't see seven. And I didn't see them constantly in contention. I mean, think about it. He lost a, he lost the Peyton three times in the AFC Championship game. Yeah. He lost Eli twice. That's another five appearance. That's another five. Could've been. No, that's That's crazy.


When, when you think about it, we talk about this, we talk about the NFL, we talk about players that have played the damn renos, the, the Barry Sanders. Hell myself to, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking about all the great players that have played this game for who knows how long, never had the opportunity of playing in the Super Bowl. Or if you did play in the Super Bowl, you only played once, and then you got Tom, you got Mahomes going back over and over and over. Like he playing, like he playing a goddamn game of Madden bid and goddamn Tom Brady done been what? 10 times? 10 times. 10 times. This is real life. This is not a video game. Do you know how difficult it is? Yeah, I know. Yeah. I do Do the Super Bowl every year.


Yeah. Or every tour or every three, oh, whatever it may be. They make it look so easy when the game is very difficult to the point I see why people question the game of football being rigged the NFL being rigged because they make it look so goddamn easy. But I swear for God, I swear for God, for your, for, for those of you in the chat that watch the game of football and, and think, oh, this is gonna happen, or Oh, this is staged or this is, I, trust me, it's not, you can't do it. Nope. Those individuals are just that good. I swear. Yeah. I saw it in person for a whole year. So look, that's his legacy if he wants to come back. But the last thing you wanna see is a guy that hangs on too long.


We saw Johnny Us, we saw Joe nama, we saw Willie May staggering in Downfield Rescue Soul. Right. We've seen some of our great players play a little bit longer than what they should. That's their career. That's theirs. You know, whatever you choose to do, Hey, when you've been a great player, if you want to go out on your term, right? If you wanna go out like that, so be it. I'm not here to judge you, but Tom, I look at Tom like a coach K like a Dean Smith, like a Pat Head summit. Unless he did something so egregious that he's just unforgivable. Right, right, right. You let him go out when he wants to go out.


That's what they did for Coach K. Right? That's what they did for Coach Coach Smith. That's what they did for Coach Summit. That's what they do for the great coach Wooden. Right? I believe Tom is so great of a player. He's been so great to that organization. He's been so great to the city of Boston and the surrounding areas. He let him go out on his own. You like Tom, how long you wanna play Tom? I'm serious, don't Joe. Yeah, you do. Yeah, you do. Yeah. I mean Me, I mean, listen, if if he was, if he was to come back, I don't think it would be the Patriots. I I don't think it would be. And the funny thing about it No he don't over there, Huh? Yeah.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and the funny thing you said about, you know, the deal with Fox and 37 million or whatever it may be. You know what? Fox ain't going nowhere. No Fox ain't going nowhere. Fox is gonna always be there. Being able to talk and be in that booth and be in that ball ca and you know, be in that booth doing football games and commentating and breaking down games, that's gonna always be there. But at 47, if I wanna, if I wanna fulfill that childhood dream and that, that, that urge to play and compete one more time, I mean there's an opportunity and chance for him to do it because he is the one person that can do it. At 47 With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone.


For example, Juan's, ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's. Aw. Anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to Amazon books that reading feeling awaits You slept through your alarm, miss the train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh. Cold. Sounds like you could use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land is where people go every day to get lucky. At Lucky Land, you can play over a hundred casino style games for free.


For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky land slots.com and get lucky today. No purchase necessary. VGW Group FOD we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower IONI five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure.


They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA Estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 I five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ionic six se long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 4 more details. ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs.


But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels shows in so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees.


Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. JJ McCarthy 2024 season is over before it got started, the Vikings rookie quarterback will be sidelined until 2025 after undergoing surgery Wednesday to prepare to repair a torn meniscus in his right knee. This leaves the team veteran Sam Darnell, who signed a one year contract for $10 million in March as the likely starter in 2024. There are other quarterbacks on the Vikings roster.


23 20 23 holdovers of m Mullins at Jar Hall McCarthy suffered the right meniscus tear in the Minnesota preseason open against the Las Vegas Raiders on Saturday. Yeah. And sat out of Monday's practice with the initial thought was knee sorting further test and reveal. He had torn his meniscus prompting surgery. Mm. Ah Listen, I'm not, you know, I don't wish in injured or nobody, you know, I show love and I praise everybody. I always take it back to nutrition. I think about our days when we played. We had two of days we practiced two out in 30 minutes a day. We didn't fall like flies. We didn't fall like flies like this.


Unc I don't know. I don't, I don't know what it is and I don't wanna, I don't wanna spin it in any wrong way, you know, outta, outta respect. CBA protecting the players practices are much shorter now. You know, they have all these professional nutritionists and all these meal plans and all this, all this stuff. But for some reason now when we practiced And, we played, we had two days. We practiced for two hours and 30 minutes in the mornings. Took a break, rested and had another two hour and 30 minute practice after And we played football. Yeah. No disrespect to today's game. We played football. Yeah. But we weren't falling like flash. Now injuries are gonna happen. Do you know how many injuries events in training camp started?


We are in week one. Almost a week and a half. Yeah. And that's, and that's probably why, you know, a lot of the starters OCHO we played, we might have not played game one. We played 10 plays. The next play we played like 20 plays. Yeah. The third game. Oh, That third game. We, we playing all the way to halftime. We going into halftime and probably the first drive of the third quarter. The first series or the third quarter. Yep. Yep. In the fourth quarter we relax. Yeah. Fourth quarter and then, then the fourth game. We're not playing At all And. we get rid of it for week One. But I wanted, I wanted to play OCHO because I needed to get my rhythm. I was a rhythm player. Obviously offense is rhythm, but I was a rhythm player. Yes. I needed step, I needed to cadence, I needed to feel people banging on me that not my, not guys in, in, in, in camp on my team.


Right, right, right. I needed somebody else to see, I needed to see something else. I needed to see guys moving that were trying to make the team off At game speed. Yeah. Yeah. At game speed. So I, I needed that. But I, I just think o ocho for us, you asking these guys to like, you know what, come in, we're not gonna do anything. Not gonna do anything and then a month later go a hundred miles an hour. Yeah. Yeah. I just, it's, it's you, you, I think, I just think you're asking an awful lot and maybe the guys they trained damn much. Damn. They don't get anybody a chance to heal. You Think I took time off once the season was over. I took a good month.


I ain't do nothing four to five weeks. I ain't Do nothing. Yeah. I took, I took about, I took about two months. I, I got About two months and then, and then I would start to gradually build back up. Right. And now I was lifting, you know, I'd do a little light lifting Right. But I wasn't doing any running. Right. And then the running, I would gradually build up. Gradually build up. So by the time may hit, now I'm about, I'm about 75, 80% now June, I'm gonna ramp that thing up to get to about 95. And then I'm gonna start tap, tapering it back down. Right. Getting ready to go to camp, make sure I ain't got no, no tweaks, no anything. 'cause the last thing you wanna do is go into camp. Yeah. Nick, no you don't, you don't want that. You don't want to go into the season. If you limp into the season, you gonna limp out of it.


Yeah. Because how do you get healthy ocho when you gotta practice every day? You can't. And, and, and them games come like this here. Yeah. Back to back, Back to back, Back to back. Hopefully the rookie bounces back. 'cause he looked like he was off to a promising start. Yeah, I know that's not what he envisioned for his rookie season, but hey bro. Yeah. You gonna, you Yep. He'll, he'll learn a lot. But what the vikings do, do need to do or what they do need to do. And then it is just no disrespect to what they have on the roster that's left. Now who do we expect to be the be the starter now? Sam Donald. Sam, Sam Donald. No, no disrespect to him. No disrespect to him. But we've seen the small sample size of what he brings to the table now. No, we've seen a large sample size.


Okay, Well I'm calling what he's done so far, a small sample side because it hasn't been much. And that, and I mean, no disrespect, you know, the eye in the sky don't lie. The film doesn't lie. And I mean that in the most respectful way, Sam. I I I love you. Now what they need to do is to get a veteran because number 18, he is A veteran. No, I mean, I mean, you know. Oh, you talking about, well, Nick Mullins, you know Nick Mullins? He's with, he's with Shanahan and, but Ocho the thing, come on, it's hard to get veteran players because they cost so much. They can't do 18 like that over there. Unc, they gotta give, they gotta give that young fella somebody, they gotta give him some type of gun slinger. Oh yeah. They gotta give him some type of security, some type of something.


Because what's gonna happen is the numbers are going to, the numbers are going to, to, what's the word I'm looking for? Decrease. They're gonna decrease because of who's at the helm. They gotta get him somebody in there. I don't, I don't know. Where's, where's, where's Garoppolo? I don't know where Jimmy g in Atlanta. He's in Atlanta. I don't know where he is at. I'm just somebody who can Hell Fitzpatrick bring Fitzpatrick out of retirement. Nah, it's over Fitz Magic. I mean you, you know, listen, he Not magic the Ram. Oh, he's at the Rams. Oh He is? Yeah. But he's behind Steon Bennett because it's, it's Stafford Bennett and then Jimmy G Listen, Jimmy, Jimmy could sling that thing, man.


The porn star Jimmy could sling that thing they need. Yeah. But he's gonna be at the A-B-A-A-B-P convention. But Hey, they need, they need, they need to go get him. And I, I'm, I'm, I'm telling you, at some point in the season, Justin Jefferson is he, he, he going, he gonna act a fool. He gonna act a fool. As much as Jack Prescott's contractual future has been a constant talking point in the off season. He says he is not consumed by it. I'm not putting that much thought into it. Hoping it gets done now, hoping it gets done in a couple of weeks during the season or whenever it happens. I just know conversations are on, are on the right way. Dak is in, in the final year of his deal, he's set to make $29 million count, 55 million against the cap without an extension.


Dak will hit the free agency market and count 40 million against the cap cowboys cap in 2025. What he has ocho they cannot franchise it. Right. They can't trade him either. They cannot trade him. No, sir. So he has all the power. Yeah, Yeah. Which, which, you know what, which think about this. How many, how many times are players in a position where they have the team by the balls? Think about it. Not often. Not often. Not often at all. I mean, it is a chess move. If I, if I was Dak, I mean, what do you do? What would you do if you was Dak? I'm if me myself, if I was Dak and understanding the circus that comes with being a part of the star, I would better myself.


Like he's always done. Like he's always done. Well, he Got no choice now, Joe, because I don't think they gonna get it done because what he's looking for, he's looking for 60 million. He's looking to reset the market. Right. He's looking at something around five years, $3 million. So he should be able to do, and I think that's what's, what's holding up CDs, CD's deal as well. So I I I think that that the saying hotel, that's what they're looking at. Huh? 60. He looking at 60 million. He's looking to reset the market. Well if you gonna Reset it, let's go 56 a year. That No, that ain't reset in the market. 55. You got three guys making 55 in order to reset it, you gotta go 60. I'm just, I'm just telling you, because here's the thing.


Ocho and Jerry might says, I'm not willing to go there, but in free agency, Oh, In order to get Free agency, he might get 65 In order to get a player to leave the situation that he's currently in. Yeah. You're going to have to overpay Pay. Yeah, most definitely. Every time. And this is the wonderful thing about the NFL too, depending on when, when a player's time is up, because very few times do, do you get to a position where you are a, it's unrestricted, right? Am I saying it right? Yeah. He gonna be unrestricted, Unrestricted free agent very few times. Especially the quarterback position With no chance of the tag being placed on you. Nothing. So that mean you getting every, every bit of dollar plus some because whenever, especially someone, a quarterback like the caliber of a back Prescott with some will make fun of and say, well, he hadn't done anything.


Listen, he changes the dynamic of a team because there's no one else you can put in his place on the Cowboys right now, except maybe the top five or five or six quarterbacks in NFL. And they will still do the same thing and probably a little further in the postseason. But DAI Had to catch you off, but we got a very, very special guest. We got the, we got the Olympic 400 meter hurdle champ. What's up? What? That's right. That's about their familiar. He came back and redeemed himself. He say, uncle, I'm coming back. When I had the conversation with him, 2020 Come with the looks like you, Hey, What's up baby? He said he coming back, he wanted revenge. He's been, he's been chasing Carston Warhol, the world record holder for the better part of three years.


Yes sir. And he finally tracked him down the Norwegian and the Ry. Here he is later and gentlemen, your 400 meter hurdle champ with a time of 46, 46. Ry Benjamin. Yes sir. Nephew, what's going on? Hey, I'm living a dream right now. Unc, living a dream, brother. Lemme ask you this, Ry obviously you have an outstanding season. You have been performing really, really well. Give us your mindset going into the Olympics. You had raced him, I think you raced him once before at a Diamond League meet pre Olympics. And so you had to feel good because you beat him and you had beat him three times since he last beat you, I think at, at the, at the Olympics.


Budapest, yeah. In Budapest. Right. They won Budapest last year. And then we went to Prefontaine. I won that Meet And. we went to Monaco before the Olympics. That was a big one. We were all there. I won that one. So going into the Olympics, I was, I was, I felt really confident. I was calm, I really trusted myself. I think mentally I was in a way different place than I was. Yeah. I could tell. Yeah. Previous years and previous seasons. So I mean, I just, I I, I went in, I had the confidence, you know, like I felt good. The energy in the stadium was ridiculous. It was actually like, I've been to a lot of football games. Yeah. I've been to, I've been to Death Valley, LSU Okay.


And I have never heard a stadium get that loud in my entire life. It was crazy. That's dope. So it was, it was, it was, it was, it was phenomenal. Phenomenal experience. So just, you know, I I went in with a completely different mindset and I was like, yeah. Like I'm, I'm, I'm the guy to beat and the only person that's gonna beat me is me. So. Yeah. Yeah. I I have a question. Speaking of that race at the Olympics, did you understand his strengths and weaknesses? And did you have any type of strategic game plan going into that race and knowing what to do and when, when to kind of hit it? When to back off? Yeah. I mean, what what was your plans in general? I think, so over the past three, four years, we raced so much.


So I have seen every single race plan, every race strategy. Right. And I think for me, work, the three of us are so good that very little separates us. And it's, it's about who could be on, on that day, right. Who's gonna get it on that day. And I think, you know, throughout the entire cycle of the semis, I mean the heat, semis, finals, you know, I got dealt the right hand and, and those guys ran out, ran fast like the first two rounds. So I knew being out in lane eight, I was gonna be the one to kind of dictate what the race would look like. So in my head I was like, all right, like, I need to, I need, i, I need to really push the pace, but not do too much.


So I have enough to come home That last 1 21 80 meters. Yes. When, when, when, when, when we got out, like I, he gets out really, really hard. So he covered me a little bit, right. And my whole thing was, all right, just run in lane eight, like focus on your, your 10 hurdles in your lane And. we get off that turn, like, put your foot in the ground and just go, go. Yeah. And, and then Coach Watts, Quincy Watts, he has a, we have this, we joke around sometimes and he's like, yeah, if it's leaving, I'm leaving. So, you know, we got off, we got off hurdle seven, and I was like, all right man, I'm outta here man. So whatever happens, happens. And Right. I don't know if you guys saw, but like, I was coming out, coming off of seven and I stumbled a little bit.


I was running so fast that like the centrifugal force pulled me out to the outside of the lane. Mm. And I kind of like stumbled a little bit. And I, I think that kind of costed me like maybe 46 flat. But at the same time, like, I just had so much momentum, I just kept going. So Yeah. That's dope. That was just that, that was my, that was my game plan going in, to be honest with you. Just run my pattern, do what I've been doing in the entire season. I mean, unc, we talk, you know, UNC could send me a message sometimes after the race, even if it went good or bad. So I mean, yeah, it was, it was, it was phenomenal man. And then I'm on cloud nine right now. I can tell Rod, when I, when I, the thing that I was, that I, I was, I always wondered, I say, and all these guys, you look at yourself, I mean, the four fastest guys ever in heard in history was in that race.


Aberdeen, Samba, dos Santos, Warren, home yourself. If I line all you guys up and I say, run a hundred meters, you are gonna win. If I line all you guys up in the 200 and say, race, you are gonna win. If I line all you guys up in a 400 and say, race, you are gonna win. I say, why don't I put this man under the gun? It's, it's, it's a diff So the, I always, the 400 and the four oh hurdles are two completely different different animals. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it is a completely different rhythm. And if it, if anything, it's like, you know, when you drive a really fast car, it just kind of wants to go all the time. Yeah.


You'll, you'll, you'll, you'll, you'll you, you'll be in the neighborhood and there'll be a, a, a speed bump on the road and you can't really go. So you're kind of like gunning it light to light, But you can't really go with it up because you got no barriers. I really, I can't really do what I need to do because these hurdles are in my way and I gotta be on a certain pattern. And if that, if you're not on that pattern, like you start stutter stepping Yes. You open up and it kind of ruins the rhythm. Like you were just talking about how when you played, you needed to be in a certain rhythm. Yes. And you needed those games to, to, to get in that rhythm, that offensive rhythm. So for, for me, it's like I need to be on that rhythm consistently. Okay. And sometimes it requires me slowing down a little bit.


And no matter how strong you are, you still gotta get over those 10 barriers. Right. So that was the, that's, that was kind of the, the, the, the kryptonite for me. I mean, like in the, even the, like you could see in, when I run open fours or even in the four by four, like I can let it go. Yeah, You can. And I was about, I was about to ask you about that in the open four, you know, to bogo, you know, he's run low 44, you know, he just ran 1946, he's run 9 86, so you know, he has the strength. Yep. What, when you got the baton, what was your, what was your strategy? Because I when you say what you say, I'm gonna say what I thought you were gonna do.


Yeah. So when I got the, I, Bryce did a phenomenal job. He did, I mean, from, from Chris to Vernon, you know, v like came, he v had a hell of a meat, hell of a meat Burn. Really? Opened it up for you. Burn. Burn, did the job. Yeah. That, that's my roommate. That's my roommate. So when Bryce brought the baton in, I mean, he was 40, 43, 5, like on fire coming through. And I saw how close the, the Botswanan kid was closing. So I, in my head I'm like, okay, if when he gets the baton, he's gonna be at least two steps behind me. Yes. And I know he's gonna try and, and, and either cover me or sit on me.


The first, the first hundred. So in my head I was like, all right, don't blast the first hundred like you usually do out in about like ten, nine, ten eight. So you can hold it down the back stretch. That way I can get his legs moving. Yeah. Because he's to bogo, he's, he's a 200 guy and he just ran 19 four. So my, my whole thought process was he could probably make it to, I know he can run to 300, he could probably make it to three 50 and this last 50 is gonna be hot if I could bring us through 300 at like 31 flat. So I'm like, all right, in my head, I'm just like, all right, take him out first hundred and let him spin his legs down the back stretching.


He was doing that. And like, I can hear him and it got so loud in that stadium, but I can hear him behind me. So I'm in my head, I'm just like, all right, stay calm, stay calm, keep that cadence, keep spinning. And he, he stayed at bay and then we got to that last one 20. And it looks like I was jogging, but No, you, You open my Form. So smooth. I was open man, and I was just like, we gonna get it this last hundred. So this last we got through 300 to three 50 and he's still at bay. And I like kind of the, the, the, the crowd made a sound. You Watching the jumbo tron too? I saw you Pete. Yeah. The crowd made a sound. And usually when the crowd makes a sound, it's either somebody pulls up or somebody fell.


Right. So I'm, I looked up at the jumbo tron and I'm just like, I couldn't see him because his uniforms blew in the track is purple, right. And I'm moving so fast, so I check again. And I was like, damn, he's still here. I was just like, yeah, I gotta go. So I like dug deep, got to three 50 and about five, 10 meters before the line. Like I was, I was, I was honestly shocked. Yeah. And it was just fucking, but he was too. Yeah. And that's where the reps and, and and being disciplined and being experienced, like comes in. 'cause I know when that happens, like you're not really getting any faster that last hundred what's happening is it's who's slowing down the slow, the slowest.


So for me it was just like, man, like don't get walked, man. Like I ain get a gold medal, dude. Don't get walked on TV in front of these people. 'cause I wasn't gonna hear the end of it. So yeah, I did exactly that and, and brought it on for 'em guys, man. So I was like real, really hype, hyped up and pumped up about that. Rick Rod, I'm not gonna lie, I thought he was gonna cover you early. I said he has the type of speed that he's gonna put right under the gun quick. Yeah. I thought he would jump you. I actually thought he would cover you over the first to one 50. Yeah. And then get the lead and then settle down. Yeah. Once he didn't, I was like, I think he might be making a mistake. I see. Now, I think Go ahead.


No, I think if I got out any slower he probably would've done that. Okay. But I got out at such a pace where it was like, it, it's, it's kind of enticing where you kind of want to go, but you know, you know, if you go, you're gonna die. Right. So I, I can really, because I run hurdles and it's so rhythmic and I know how to differentiate times. Like I know like what threshold and, and, and what kind of cadence to be on. So it was just, it was just kind of like a bait and switch kind of deal and, and just, it's a, it is a gamble. You just, you just kind of take it plays out and it played out very well. So, And it, it, it works perfectly. Especially when you know your opponent, you know your opponent, you know, your, your opponent's strengths and weaknesses and the fact that you understood his at that time, you knew what to do in that race.


You know, one of the funny things, as soon as you got, as soon as you got the baton, as soon as you got the baton and started going, I started looking, does anyone else tell you, you, you're running mechanics in your gate? Is, is it similar to Michael Johnson? I heard You, you notice that? Yeah. Like, you Know, Straight up relax. Yeah. And I'm like, what the hell that look like Mike out there? Yeah. You gotta be that way. 'cause then when you start tensing and you start mu stuff, like, that's when you start going backwards. So that's, that's really the trick right there, to be honest, is just staying relaxed, staying open and just running really really efficiently. Did you really? No. No wasted movement, none of that.


Right. We had Michael Johnson on, and I remember in Stuard when they broke the world record into 400 meters, they ran 2 54 29. And I, I, I can go back in my head. I know Andrew Ballman led off with 44 44 5. And he went to Quincy, your, your coach, and I think he ran 43, 3 43 5. He handed it to the world record holder at the time, Butch Reynolds. And he ran some low 40 43. The race was blown open. Yeah. Michael Johnson got the baton and he said, because we had almost broke the world record, we where we broke it, but I ran like mid 44, almost 45 because I was asking him, I said, Mike, you do realize you ran sub 43 with a 30 minute lead or with a 30 of meter lead.


And I said, why? He said, because I didn't wanna hear their miles. He said, they had talked about me so bad. So he ran 42 9. Did you think you guys had a chance going into that race? Did you think this was gonna be the second fastest 404 by four in the history? I thought we could have broken it last year. So after Budapest, like if you, if you go to my Instagram, you look at my, my, my last relay post from Budapest, I was like, let's go after the world record next year. 'cause we had all, we had all the pieces. Quincy's running well v's running well, I mean, I could get on a relay and give you a really hot split. Michael Norman, he was coming back to run.


Well, Chris Bailey, Bryce Deadman. And then we had little Quincy just like, you know, just shoot up out of, I mean, I'm not gonna say outta nowhere, but like no one was expecting him to run 44 low. Right. And it's just phenomenal. So we had all the pieces. The issue is, is figuring out who to put on what leg to maximize those legs. Okay. And I think because Quincy had that little tweak in his hamstring, in his final, like we had to reshuffle the order, but I knew we still had the pieces. 'cause V had split 43 cons twice In the mix. In the mix. Yeah. And I knew Three times because he ran the mix relay twice and he opened and qualified.


Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So V had the 43 in him. I knew, I knew Bryce had 43 in him as well too, because he was consistently running 40, 44 or Lowe's. So I knew if, if, if, if Bryce Lights come on, he's, he's gonna bring that stick around 'cause he's from Texas a and m. Right. So he's gonna run and, and it just all came down to what my leg would be. I actually wanted to run second this meet because I knew if I ran second I would run 42 8 or 42 9. Wow. On that. Yeah. Woo. 'cause I I, yeah, I I just know second leg is the best, is it's the best leg. 'cause you can, on that tangent, when you cut in, you can kind of cheat some meters if you do it right.


Yeah. Yeah. That's why all them second leg splits were so fast. I mean, you still gotta be fast to be on that second leg, but like, if you do it right and you run a good tangent, like I'm telling you, you can cheat it a little bit and you can get that split. So initially, so when that happened, you know, you know Coach Mike Marsh came and was just like, Hey man, like I need a dog on anchor leg because Yeah, you, You had to be on anchor. I Don't, I don't mean to cut you off, but Ry I don't know if anybody could have hold Toba could have held Tobago off other than you because you, like you said, you have a strategy. Yeah. He didn't put you under the gun because of your pace. I think somebody else would've panicked.


And, if you panicking that situation, he gonna chase you down. Like the Great Britain did Antonio Pedigree, we saw Low, a good friend of mine, Angelo Taylor, same thing in the Olympics. If you panic on that anchor leg. Yeah. Because everybody got their boy dog on that anchor. Right. So everybody can go sub 43, could go sub sub 44 on an anchor leg. And so you, They all did like every single besides the first leg was 43. Them, them boys came to run. I really can. They were not playing around man. They were not playing around. So I did not see this. I did not see, I did not see 2 50, 4 35. I damn sure didn't see the women. I damn sure didn't see the women challenging the Soviets because I wasn't enough to see that.


Remember that racing soul when the Soviet women and, and it was Flo Joe and the 400 meter champ on anchor leg. The asterisks on the Soviets. Man, I even listen. Hey, they weren't there, so they not there for real. I just, yeah, yeah, yeah. But Man, I mean you ran 43 13 to BOGO runs 43 0 3, that, that's the fastest split that you ever run by Farmer. Did you know, I mean, think about it now. You just run 40, 44, 46 do through the rounds qualified, did what you needed to do the night Before. The night before. Yes. Did you know you had that in your legs?


Not really, to be honest with you. In my head I'm just like, yo man, like I need to, I like when he, when we both got the stick, I was like, I don't know if the broadcast showed it, but I like turned in the stands and I just started smiling. I'm like, yeah, this is about to be crazy. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah, I gotta, I gotta lock in for this one. But I mean, when it comes to the relays, like I'm, I'm usually that's the fun part. Like I always tell people that's the fun part. The hard part is doing your individual event. The fun part is when you get all those guys together and although we're there as a team, track and field is an individual sport. So it's just one of those things where you have a moment to share as a team. And I think that's where I thrive, is when we come together as a team and, and, and share like this experience.


So when I got to stick in my head, I'm like, I can't let these boys down 'cause they did their job. Yes. So I gotta do my it's All on you. And, and, and bring home goal for team USA. So that was just, that was, that was the focus for me. But I had no idea. We got the back stretch. My aging was on the back stretch and I was like, what did I split? He was like 43, 13. I was like, there's no way. But it, it was a, it was, I just, I couldn't believe it. 'cause like after I got done, like I wasn't on the floor. I mean I had a little bit of lactic acid, but I just feel like I was just so excited from it. You was Floating bro Was like, man, it was just, it was great. Definitely. You was definitely floating. Can I ask you this? Can I, can I get you to the women?


You have Fmca, you have s and everybody's trying to build this thing up because Fmca won the indoor, she ran 49 17. We saw Sid, who really, she's run 2207 in the 200 meters, which is still like the eighth or ninth fastest time ever covered by, covered by a woman in 2024. Yeah. We saw her run 48 75. It's just slightly off the American record. Why would they trying to build this up when Fmca is never been closed to it? I think because the week prior they fmk went to this meet and had run 50.9.


So, and she did it by herself. And I think what people neglected about that, although, I mean 50.9 is, is ridiculously fast. And she did a, she did a phenomenal job just navigating 10 hurdles by herself doing that. I think what people neglected about that me, 'cause a lot of fast times came outta that meet. It was at altitude. Yeah. And a lot of people don't realize when you're at altitude, you have less resistance Yes. In the air. So that's why it, that kind of hype came and you kind of wanna build the hype around the event too as well too. Because MK was running well all year and it seemed as though that she was the one to give Sydney a run for her money.


But Sydney is like, she's like, man, like, But, but Right. You seen John Wick, you seen John Wick? Yes. Coach, coach Holloway from from Florida called me John Wick. I called Sydney John Whit. She just going, listen, she's gonna kill you every time, man. She's, and if, if she doesn't, it's gonna be you. You're gonna have to, it's gonna have to be an act of God for her to lose a race. Be, But here's the thing every world record said is set. She's been running by herself. Herself. Yeah. It's not like she's getting pushed. It's not like somebody's going over hurdle nine with her. I think the only time Dulah Muhammad pushed her, I think the last Olympic d Lula put pushed Dulah Muhammad pushed her. Yeah.


But if you look at Sid's record at the, at, at at at the pre fontine, you look at her at at the usaid, you look at her at this beat, ain't nobody close. Yeah. Yeah. I mean she just runs with such confidence, you know, and it is, it is, I feel like at a certain point you could teach so much and then after that it's just pure god-given talent, man. And, and she just has that. And that you can't teach, can't instill in anybody. You just born with that and there's just nothing you could do about that at all. Lemme ask you this. Tell me if you agree or disagree. I think Sid finishes out this year. Maybe she runs one meet, maybe she runs another meet and she does the world championships in the 400 hurdles.


But I think after that I think Bobby gonna move her down to the No Barriers and she's gonna go after that 47 60 by Marina Co I think she does it next year. Okay. Hundred. I think she does it next year. Okay. I mean, like, it, it's like what, like what else does she need to accomplish in the, in the four? Like that is like, so far out reach. I mean, I, I feel like she will for fun run it once and, and maybe like, she Tried to go sub 50, She go sub 50. But I mean, like she's, she's, she's, she's proven like she broke the world record twice this year. You know, it's like she doesn't have anything else to prove in the event. So I mean, I, I like, why not go run the four next year?


I feel like that would be my thought process. Like, let's go try something else. And, and, and yeah. You never know this it is Bobby, you know, Bobby, listen, he, you know, he just, he that man kind Bobby Be trying to leave legacies. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, I don't see why not. It's not farfetched. Paulino Nassar. She got some, I mean, Paulino just ran 48 17, which is what I think it might be the third or fourth fastest time ever run for a woman in the open for Yep. You got Ra Lova, you got Col. Yep. And I think her that 48 17, that might be the, that might be the third or it's third or fourth for female covered 400 meters.


I know that. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think, listen, I think, I think Sydney gets locked in and honed into an event and she figures out that rhythm and she, and they really hone in on a pattern to do it. She's dangerous because she's, she's you, you can't, you She's 22. Oh open. Yes. In, in a two. She got the foot speed and she ran ten nine, if I'm not mistaken. When she was at Kentucky at UF raining outside. It was crazy. So, so she Could come through easy. It ain't a push for her to do 23 5 and then come home Getting on that rhythm. Yep. She gets on that rhythm. And then she's dangerous With millions of books on Amazon.


There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's, ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's. Aw. Anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from two to Amazon books that reading Feeling awaits Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes.


So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability and long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy.


So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three to three mile driving range for 2024 I five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and the pens and battery capacity, temperature options and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual for complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. ODU is business management made so simple, a Kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform.


It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately.


Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. Ojo what you got for him. Listen again, congratulations. That's, that's, that's, that's all I got man. I'm, I'm, I'm happy just to hear the stories, you know, and that, that feeling and, and watching you run that last leg, bro. Man. So kudos, salute. Congratulations. There's really not much more I can say or ask at this point. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just happy for you and look forward to all future endeavors, man. On that track. Yes, sir.


You Know, Michael got this, this, this track series. Are you going to join that Ry? Hey, reach out brother. That But the money, the, the money, the money seemed right. Reach Out, reach out, man. I, I, I, I had some conversations with Kyle. He's, he's, he's working with Michael as well too, so I like what they're doing. I feel like this Olympics and this year was really pivotal for track and field. Yes. And it really, it really got some, we got some new eyes on the sport and people are interested. So it doesn't stop for us at the Olympics. Guys like, it just, it, we have a whole season And, we have this coming up. So all those head-to-head that you saw at the Olympics, like you can see them on numerous occasions throughout the year.


And, and Sid's gonna be on that circuit as well too. I know she's one of the first ones that Michael signed as well too. So I know a lot of people like give her a lot, a lot of grief about not racing enough during the year. Well, you're gonna see her race there, so tune in, but they reach out to me. Hey, I'm in there. You feel me? I'm in, I'm gonna ask you, are you, do you have any more meets, I know there are a couple of Diamond League meets still left in the season. Are you gonna cl I know you don't like going overseas, you don't like that long plane ride, get off a plane, head to the track and go run. You don't really like that, but are we gonna see Riot in any Diamond League meets? Nah, I'm done for the season. You you gonna ride this wave? You gonna ride this wave? Yeah, I'm Gonna ride, I'm gonna ride this wave out, man.


Like I don't think people understand the, the, the level of mental commitment and, and gymnastics that you gotta be at throughout the entire, 'cause I started competing Monday, so I went Monday through Sunday. Right. And it was me, Vernon, Shelby McEwen, the high jumper, Michael Norman Bryce we're all in the same room. So I mean, I mean we we're all just kind of feeding off each other. So it's a, it is a lot to mentally be in the room that entire week and, and, and just to come down from it and the nerves and whatnot. Like it's, it, it takes a lot. Like imagine competing at the, playing at the Super Bowl for an entire week. That, that's literally what it was. So I'm gonna take this time to enjoy it, enjoy it with my mom because she was out there and, and, and I feel like this one was like really big for her.


I feel like I'm still trying to conceptualize what happened this entire week. So I mean, I'm gonna do that. See my friends, see my family and just, just really just, you know, enjoy this. 'cause I'm Olympic champion, you know, a lot of people work the entire lives for this and I was able to achieve that. Not once but twice this week. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna live it up and I'm gonna, I'm gonna enjoy it. And, and and yeah. Oh, yo, you didn't know this but Ry was a quarterback Ry, what made you give up? Quarterback? Nah, I played wide out man. I was a wide receiver Yeah. Quarterback. My dad. My dad said the wrong thing. Okay. I played wide receiver in free safety in high school. Okay. Now I, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I went, So why why'd you give up football and went to the track?


Because I'm from New York and people outta New York don't get good scholarships to go to big D one schools. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So I was like, I ran track and it was like, you know, like I wasn't really getting, we weren't getting good recruits or recruiters coming out to my high school. 'cause we were small high school in Westchester County in in, in New York. So, you know, we had one or two guys like, you know, go to big universities, but it wasn't like we were going to like LSU or, or USC or at Clemson. You know what I mean? Right. So it was just one of those things where, you know, that was my avenue out, you know? Right. And, and I was really good at track my freshman year, so I just stuck with it.


So You originally went to UCLA then transferred to us. Yeah, for two years. I thought about walking on to be honest with you, but they were like, yeah, you gotta give up your track scholarship 'cause of Title ix. There's no way in hell yeah. But yeah, like it, a part of me wish I played in, in, in college. Yeah. To be honest with you, I'm not gonna pull a tyreek and say like, you know, I'm, I'm fast than Noah. Or I could go catch. Yeah. How, you know, I'm gonna ask you that how you know, I'm gonna ask you that. Hey, Listen, do You believe Tyre? I'm gonna say on the show, I'm tired of the Noah loud slander man. That's my guy. Okay. Talk to us, talk to us about it. I'm, I'm side of thelander.


I'm, I'm not saying like, I can go out and do what you guys do and catch a ball across the middle. I know how hard it is. I know how hard it is to read plays and, and and and memorize stuff and, and go out there and put your body at risk every day. But Tyreke, you're not beating though in a hundred man. There's just no way in hell, you probably wouldn't even beat the top collegiate guys. Man. He too heavy. He too heavy, right? I mean if he, if he lo well not now, but if he were to drop down, he's 1 95. If he got down to one, like one 70 Fred Currently is at Fred is about 1 95, 200 pounds. But Fred, but how tall is Fred? Fred's like what, 6 1 6 2? Yeah, Tyreek five nine at 1 95.


You think He's really 1 95 or five nine. Yeah, he's solid. His f Yeah, he, He solid, He Little rock. He rocked up Little Rock. So, so you think, lemme ask you a question. Who, who do you think, who do you think could could make it on the football team? Could Noah play football? Could Fred play Fred play football for the longest? No, I Think Fred, Fred a hundred percent could play football. Donald Scott, triple jumper. Okay. Could play football. He played at Michigan State. Look him up. Who else could play football if I, if I, we got a lot of good athletes on the team, man. Like, like I think Vernon Turner could play football as well too. Another high jumper Jevon.


Like we, we got some athletes. We got some actual Athletes. I can get you, I can get you, I can get you a wide receiver. Try Ry if you want it. Hey man, listen, I No, no. You not finna mess them legs up. No, I'll do it. I, I'm telling you. No, I'm telling you I'm on the go route. I'm on the go route man. That's Go round. All I need that goal. I'm out here like this. No, you gotta challenge that world record that world. I mean, Ry how close are you to get the world record? 4 45 94? Everything's gonna have to be perfect. Yeah. Everything has to be perfect. You would've Have the right conditions, right track, right. People in the race. I feel like I'm at a fitness level to do it right now because when we ran the world record in Tokyo that year, I split 43.5 on the relay and I just split 43.1.


So the fitness is there. I think it just comes down to, like I said, like in that, that rhythm in, I think for me it was more so about getting the medal than it was running at time. Okay. Me and I think now, because now I got the, I got the medal, The elusive color I can now freely go about and just, you know, just go out and just let it loose and, and, and see what happens. So now I can kind of shift my focus a little bit and, and and, and try to go after that. But that's a conversation for, for next year. Next year's gonna be a long year and, and a long season. So we'll see. So you're done. So lemme ask you a question. When will you resume training?


Okay. You say you're done, your track season is over. You are gonna take a month off, you take two months off, you wait till the top of the year. What, what, what does Rod do in the meantime? You don't do indoors, do you? No, no, I don't do indoors. I I'm gonna take a month, about a month off I cycle. I started cycling last year. Okay. That That's dope. That's dope. Yeah. I'm gonna do that here and there. Met a group, great group of people out here. And Cycl You mean motorcycling or bike? Road bike? No, No, no. Like bike bike. You got like a, like a actual bicycle road bike. So I'm gonna do that and I won't start practice till November, around November 5th. 'cause the season goes so late September next year. Okay. Yeah.


Yeah. Tokyo World Championships. So world championships. Yeah bro. I mean if we, if if if we had Quincy, we talked to Quincy, now you get you Quincy, Verne Deadman. Yeah. Y'all gotta go 2 53. It'll be another 30 years before somebody get it. Yeah, We could do it. I believe we could do it. I mean like, like I told Quincy before I left I was like, bro, like you, you Olympic champ dog, like take care of you, take care of your body, make sure you're healthy. 'cause like this is like that what he did was crazy. Yes. I ne crazy. I never seen like he really got that dog in the mic here. He dug When New Coat say, Hey son, I need you to dig deep.


Yeah. He in the Dictionary. They got a picture. Quincy Hall. Yeah. Gonna do it. He's gonna do it. So, I mean we could do it at the, we stay healthy next year and, and keep this momentum going. Like it was just, it was fun. It was great energy in the team. I could tell Bro. I could tell It was great. It was great. I think, but like across the board, like different sports, I mean we were cheering each other on. It was, it was the, the team energy tool was bro, it was infectious that in, in that camp. So it was, it was, I mean You look at, at Cole Hawker what he did in the 1500 meters, you look at grand what he did in the five, in the 10 Voice that night.


I lost my voice that night cheering for that man. Dang. So, man, it was, it was, you know, one of the best experience of my entire life. It was the best track meet my entire life. So Ride man. Thanks for joining us. Hey guys, do us a favor. Yes sir. Make sure you go follow Ride IG at King Ben Ride, bro. Congratulations man. Sir, you know, I'm proud of your nephew, man. Good luck. Enjoy your time off the Olympic champ. Rod Benjamin, man, thanks for joining us, sir. That payment's on the way. Hey, thank you. Thank you brother. Don't spend one man of his word, huh? Said don't spend, don't spend it all in one place.


Nah, nah, nah. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm, I'm gonna follow in the wise footsteps of Grant Holloway and I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna donate some of it to a, a good cause that I'm passionate about. So, yeah. Yes Sir. Again, congratulations man. Thanks for stopping by Nightcap. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. I know our subscribers, our watchers, our viewers, our listener, they were supporting you all the way. So thanks for coming on, sharing some insight, what was going on in your head, the atmosphere, the ambiance of, of the Olympics. Again, congratulations. Enjoy your time off and we'll see you down the road. Thank you. And, and shout out to editors man. And y'all got it right this time, right? We got it right this time, man.


Hold on. Right. They got the dude got Bailey on his bill. How the hell you confused Bailey and Benjamin. And I'm not light-skinned either, so I, hell, I dunno. I dunno. But you gave, you got him a reprieve because they, Hey, come on bro. Y'all can't, y'all can't have a gaff that big. Look at that. That's there. Go right there again. Congratulations man. Enjoy your time off, man. Thank you. Olympic gold medalist in the 400 meter hurdles. Rod Benjamin. Thanks Rod, sir. Alright, the Volume. If you are a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it.


Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done, Want to teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start. Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs, and the easy way to raise financially smart kids.


Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart. The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com. When you buy Kroger brand products, you feel like you're winning.


That's because they offer proven quality at lower than low prices. In fact, we guarantee that you and your family will love how Kroger brand products taste or you get your money back. So next time you're shopping for the family, look for delicious Kroger brand products because they'll make you all feel like you're winning. Shop now in store or online? Kroger Fresh for everyone. Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds luxe over ear headphones for noise canceling travel.


Discover your perfect pair of headphones. Look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart, best Buy and More. Or visit j lab.com.