
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


Sometimes getting better is harder than getting sick. Waiting on hold for an appointment. Standing in line at the pharmacy. The whole healthcare system can feel like a headache. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy are changing that. Get convenient virtual care 24 7 with Amazon One Medical and have your prescriptions delivered right to your door with Amazon Pharmacy. No more lines, no more hassles, just affordable fast care. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon One, medical healthcare just got less painful. Learn more@health.amazon.com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home, go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only on Draftking Sports book, the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Most Mobile is now legit nationwide, 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Juvie 400 degrees is a classic that helped define Southern Route. Tell me where you, you came when you come up with these songs. 'cause they're timeless. You come on nine and everybody hear the dance floor 20 plus years later after you came out with this. When you hear those and you hear people talk about it, I know when they see you in the airport or they see you on the street, they talk about 400 degrees. Yeah. Oh man. It's just crazy, man. You know, I get some, I get some ill stories sometime when I bump into people, you know, and, and one of the main things I get from some of the people, they say, man, you raised me like, man, I don't know your mama, man.


Yeah bro. You got me through some hard times. You know, and you know, I I tell him all the time when I see 'em, I say, Hey man, I'm glad I could be of service to you man. And but 400 degrees for just, just like, just like it is in New Orleans for a lot of people they say, man, it was a inspiration for me to do something in life. So glad to be there for him. Well listen, cash money, bro. Oh, cash money Records bro was a powerhouse in the nineties and two thousands, bro. Yeah, we grew up on that. Should you raise me, you know, when I think about it, I'm, I'm just, I'm I'm just being honest man. What is it like being a part of such a revolutionary label, bro?


It's crazy, man. You know, when we was in the studio making them songs, you know, we, we didn't see ourself being, I knew I didn't, I didn't see ourself being, you know, around this long 20 plus years. And man, it is one of them situations where you see a little bros popping off. You know, you had your, you had Joe your Shine and then you see Wayne pop off, you see BG pop off and it's like, damn man, we really, we really, you know, we really made it, you know? And, and, and now the city's still showing love, man. Yes. Yeah. When you were in the studio, did you know at the time what you guys were doing? Did you think it was like, man, these are classic, these are gonna stand the test of time and probably, did you ever think, and that's a two, two part question.


Obviously, when you have that and everybody could stand their own, did you think you guys like, damn, we probably ain't gonna be together much longer because we a each gal can stand on his own and yeah, we doing this together, but this ain't gonna last much longer When we got together, man, you know, you know, cash Money did a, a overhaul. They had a lot of artists on the label and then, you know, when I got there, the first thing they told me is, it's gonna be you, you know, it, it's you, Turk, BG and Wayne. So when we, when we start hitting them studios and we start making them songs, we had no idea of, you know, what the fa you know, what the people was, what the reaction would be, you know, but when we started doing them tools and that money start coming in, you know?


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? The Cash Money R Ryder tour and stuff like that. Yeah. That, that's, I started seeing a little, you know, a few things. Then I started saying, well man, I hope everybody getting paid right. You know, so I, I start, you know, I start worrying about my money too, so. Right. Yeah. Hey, who are your, I got you on, go ahead. Who were your biggest inspirations when you, when you were coming up and who inspires you now? So when you was coming up, before you started popping off of y'all, but boy, who inspired you, especially from your own culture? Good question, man. I listened to everybody. I was one of them cast that liked to listen to hip hop period. But my main influence was was Ice Cube.


Ice Cube. Ice Cube was that guy for me. You know, when NW when NWA came out, gangster Gangster and everybody, everybody from the city could tell you when Gangsta Gangster came out, that changed the way, everything in New Orleans, everything homie, I mean, and Ice Cube was always that dude for me Who inspired you right now that's in the game. Somebody that you, you look at and be like, you know what? That he done won. He, he one of them, Man, I got a few of 'em right now. It's this guy sitting next to you, man. I'm inspired by him. The transition, you know, I'm in the transition of my life where I'm getting ready to do a podcast. I'm, you know, I'm, I see how y'all, I see how you're picking up all these awards and I'm inspired by that man.


And my other inspiration is E 40. You know, the way that he, he took the rap game and started branding himself. Yep. I see you with your La Poitier. I got my yak. I got everybody down here knows I'm branding myself all the time. I got juvie juice, I got chips, I got papers. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I got a few things. And my inspiration right now probably wouldn't be somebody that's in the rap game right now. It's cats that, that was around back in my day. But be an entrepreneur. Lemme ask you this. Wheezy was the youngest. Did you know that he was gonna grow up to do what he's become? We did, bro. You listen to bling bling, you hear, you hear Birdman sing in the year 2000 and Wayne gonna tear the game up.


We, that's how we felt. We always knew, you know, Wayne mom, you know, Wayne mom wasn't letting him curse, so we had to water that down. We had to like, he used to come in there with some songs and like I say, bro, you can't say that bro. The kids like, man, bro, you can't say that. So we knew then some of the stuff he was saying then I'm like, damn bro, we, when you take, when we take the cuffs off of God damn, he going to, yeah. I mean, when he came up with bling bling, Say that again? Bling Bling. Yeah. Did did y'all know that was gonna be an anthem? Because everybody started talking, Hey bro, you need that bling. Wayne was making so many sound effects, you know, that was his trick too. You know, I, I come in the studio talking stupid like, look, I'm about to mess.


I don't care what you got. I'm about to mess over you, Wayne come back with sound effects. So Wayne was always the one that kill me on a song, man. But yeah man, I didn't know bling bling was gonna be something not especially not a word in the dictionary. Right. Wayne was always creative, bro. Beyond, I, I couldn't, I can't explain it, bro. I can't explain. In the beginning, dude used to have me laughing the fact that he was so young and he was, he was like a, a a, an adult in a kid body. Some of the things he knew. I'm like, bro, how the hell you knew that? Like, amazing bro. Real smart too. Real smart too Real book smart too.


Yeah. If there was an artist right now that you could collaborate outside a meeting. So You spit like that though? Oh yeah. I could rap. You spin? Yeah, I spit like that. Yeah. You got Rhymes though. Yeah. You, you wanna hear it? Oh no. Well forget y'all. Anyway. If there was an artist you can collab with today, who would it be? Right off top. Off the bottom of my, yeah, that's off, off the top. Somebody that's active right now. It's, It is Gorilla for a whole bunch of reasons. That's a good one. Yeah, That's a good one for a whole bunch of reasons too. Yep. I I just feel like Gorilla fit that whole hot girl thing that I've been talking about that we was talking about years ago.


Yeah. You know, I'm from the projects. Yeah. She just feel like somebody is from the hood. Like, Oh, you say Glow? Rilla. Yeah, glow. Oh yeah, glow. Glow up, glow on man. Let her cook. Yeah, she make, let her cook. She like that. We're joined by a very, very special guest. Barry. He and his mom, they're promo are promoting Invisalign. They both did the treatment. Jayden Daniels, who's going to be the runaway rookie of the year after an outstanding season, he did something very, very unique that very few rookies have ever done. He's led his team to two road playoff wins as the defacto leader. He wasn't relying on his defense. They put a lot on his plate and he ate everything. I expect to see big things from this young man in the future.


Congratulations on a great seat. And Jayden, tell us about the treatment that you and your mom did with Invisalign. Man. I mean, the main thing for me, you know, is appearance. Man. You Gotta have your smile. Okay. So you have 'em on now, right? I Do have 'em on right now. Okay. I do have 'em on right now, but for me, I mean, I, I have braces, stuff like that. So it wasn't, my teeth were always straight. It was like, man, let me enhance this more. Right? So I mean, just to partner with Invisalign, man, the appearance of everything. Everybody look at your teeth, everybody look at your smile. First thing they notice, bro. You know, that's how you get that money. I have a question. I wanna, I wanna transition into football. Do you understand, understand how special what you've done for an organization that has had chaos, turmoil.


And they haven't been at the, the depths of the bottom of the NFL, but they've always been in situations that weren't in favor of them in general. You understand you turned the organization around in one season? I think there's been no maturation. There hasn't been no, no steady pro progress or, or progression to them turning things around. You came in in one year and literally turned the franchise around. Yeah, I think you, do you understand that? I think, I think I'm kind of getting the grasp of that. I didn't know how it is real talk. I didn't know how passionate Washington fan base was like me growing up. 'cause you never seen like them at the top. Right? I know you seen like the RG three years, stuff like that. But when I really got there, I was like, when I got drafted, people were like, man, I'm a Washington fan.


I was like, I ain't never like heard nobody say that. Right, right, Right, Right, right. But now I'm, I'm excited to see everybody, DMV, everybody around the world, you know, bringing out their Washington stuff, going out, the grabbing out the basement, hanging the flags up and everything. So they excited, like Watching you play. And if you're a fan, if you're a Commanders fan, you understand well a quarterback like yourself, what you were able to do in a rookie year where there hasn't been no room for development, you know, most they, you wait for rookies to, to develop, you know? Yeah. And then, you know, you see you have a chance, but you give a team hope for the next decade based off your play of season. And I commend you, I salute you been a fan for a very long time, man. But what you've done was special and not very many quarterbacks, especially as a rookie, have been able to come in and do what you've done.


When you look at what you've done, the expectations, now you have to improve and build on what you've done. You can't become complacent for sure because you understand what is expected of you now. Only because they're talking about man, this guy who's to say he's not a top five quarterback. As we sit here and speak currently, what does Jayden Daniels need to do to improve, to make sure this year wasn't a fluke? Man, I just think, like you said, don't get complacent. And I think the veterans that I have, like one person I really lean on a lot is Bobby Wagner. Okay. B Wags. So that's my, that's my guy, man. We have conversations and he just teach me little things. I remember like shout out to him. I remember like, we played a couple games and a row game.


We'll get back late, you know, you tired and everything. And he pulled me aside like, man, let's go get, let's go get in these tubs. So we we up there like three o'clock in the morning. Wow. Making sure your body's back right. But just little stuff like that is like never thinking that you know, too much. There's always room to grow. So I mean outside you always get better technically and stuff like that. It's a blessing. I get to be in the system that I was with Cliff for another year. Yes. So I can improve on that within that system. But just learning how to be a pro, you know, it's my first full off season. Yeah. So I was like, okay, I gotta figure out, have a schedule, like this is what I'm gonna do, this is my ramp up period, OTA, stuff like that. And just always had the hunger to get better. How do you block out the noise?


Because obviously there's gonna be a lot that comes along with what you've been able to do. Yeah. Your quarterback in the NFL, we know what comes along with the most important position in all of pro sports. So now the endorsements are gonna come now more Fame, more adulation, more praise. Everybody. Hey Cub, what's up? Everybody's a friend now. Everybody's a family member now. And as your mom says, she's like, look, I know the women are coming, but I, I'm, I'm, hey, my son got a hi post. I got what you, I'm still farming 'em all out the way. How do you keep a level head and to understand that, yes, I understand what comes along with me and Jayden Daniels, but I don't get outside of who I am, Man, I just think it comes, like you said, support system. Mom, dad, like friends, family, I, everybody knows me for me and it's not here like, okay, let me ride his coattail and stuff like that.


So that's a big part. But also this is a time to play for everything. It's gonna be a time to have fun. Right. It's gonna be a time to go out there and party, you know, make some money, do this, that and the third. But the main thing, man, none of this happened if you don't ball on the field. Right. So that's the main thing. Like how do I get better to continue the success and knowing like, alright, first year is that like everybody's going to have a full off season to watch a film for a year two. So like, man, I gotta improve on different things and get better myself. Listen Though, when you talk about that improvement, right? You guys were able to make the NFC championship, what pieces to the puzzle do you think you, you guys need to add to make your job a little easier? So the bulk or the weight of getting things done isn't always on your shoulders?


Yeah, man, I think for us it is like if you look at, I think I seen some, like we got like 20 something free agents like that on the team. So I mean, we gotta, we gotta bring, So we gotta Bring people back. So I think overall, just in general, man, we gotta, we gotta get some people in, we gotta bring people back. But I focus on my job man. My job is to get better. Whoever they bring in, we holding them to this standard that we set with DQ and them set and they let the front office do what they do. Now I have a question. When we talk about letting the front office do what they do, I know it's very early in your career, do you think you would have any say on who you bring in, especially from an offensive perspective to be able to help you out and What's amazing? I don't know yet. I think, I think if that time comes, we'll see if they call me. Yeah. Okay. But I don't know man, they, they doing their job, right.


Like I, I told, I'll tell them, man, let's bring some dogs in, but I'm Right here if you need a dog, I'll let your Boy, when I look, go back and look at this NFC championship game Dean, you guys have played well and the one thing that you hadn't done until the championship game was turned the ball over. And you know, I'm sure DQ and Wags have told you if you turned the ball over in the playoffs, you pay double. You had four of those things. How differently do you believe the game would've been had you taken better care of the football because you guys were right there. Yeah. Until you had those consecutive turnovers? I think it came down to hard. I think it came down to whoever had the ball last. And obviously, like you said, turnovers, especially in the playoffs, man played a huge factor. I mean, we turn the ball over against Philly in the regular season five times and won the game.


Right. But in the playoffs, you know, it is different, right Man, it is a different type of beast where you, in playoffs, you're on the road, so obviously you're playing into the crowd, playing the atmosphere and man, they got dogs over there, they got superstars. Okay. This game right here, you got the two time defending Champ. Yep. And the Kansas City chief led by Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reed. You got the, the Eagles in your division, you've played 'em three times this year. This is their second time back in three years. How do you see this game shaping up and who you have winning? I think it's gonna come down whoever got the ball last. I think so I think obviously Seon and what they do, Jay Herz, you got AJ Brown, and then on the other side, man, you got Pat.


So it is hard to bet it gets Pat man. Right. Especially he is being here, but I think it is who could create more turnovers, who could create more negative plays on the side of the ball. And I think it gonna come down to the end. So for me, I think it's hard to bet against Pat. I can't see, you know, rightfully so. I mean, I I love playing the Eagles, right? They're in the division, but I think it's hard to bet against Pat. Man, I really appreciate your man, the legendary already icon commander, quarterback Jayden fucking Daniels baby. I appreciate you, appreciate, Appreciate it man. Thanks for stopping by. He's repping Invisalign go out there to get the treatment. He and his mom are get, have the treatment done. They're very, very satisfied with the treatment. Thank you again, Jaden.


Mom, thank you for dropping him by. Thank y'all. Appreciate y'all we're joined by Greg Olson. One of the great play by play guys. Actually, your color. You're not play by play your color. One of the great color guys young up and coming. When you, lemme ask you this, forgive football, what's been the biggest thing from you to do? How, how were you able to become so good so quick at doing this job? Craig? You know, it's funny when, when people ask me about it, you know, there's actually a lot of lessons that I learned, you know, from playing, right? Okay. Just routine preparation. Every Monday is a Monday. Every Tuesday is a Tuesday. And leaning into a lot of those things throughout the course of the week as a player, I didn't know any different, right?


So when they said, all right, we got a game next Sunday, you're gonna call it, I just fell back to what I knew, which is study the game. I love watching football, I love asking questions. And you have to be very willing to be like, you know what? I don't know a lot about this. I'm gonna find people who really know it and I'm gonna pick their brain. I'm gonna talk to great coaches, I'm gonna talk to front office guys. I'm gonna talk to, you know, defensive coordinators. How do you put together your blitz package? Learn as many different aspects of the game, organize it in your mind, organize your thoughts, and then just lay out the game, stay with the game, follow it and try to do it in a way that is interesting, it is insightful. And try to add value. And I'm still learning. I don't pretend to know it all, but I just love learning the craft of calling the games.


And it's been a great transition for me since I'm done playing. Listen, I've watched you transition obviously from playing the game to doing play by play or call color commentary. Like coaches, coaches said, obviously your disciplined and your work ethic, work ethic has allowed you to do so. Now I'm thinking about someone in my position who has never done anything of that magnitude. Is it a possible in any way that I could probably learn if I can minimize my cursing a little bit Yeah. I can learn to do color commentary or is that something you think I should stay away from? No, I think anybody can learn it, right? So the the inherent, you know, the underlying foundation of all that is guys who love football, guys who want to continue to learn it, guys who want to continue to stay up with the trends and follow it and dive into it.


Anybody can do it right Then it's just communicating it in a little bit of a different setting. Right? Simplicity. It's, and that was probably the biggest transition for me. I'm a talker. I love conversation. I could sit here with you two for three hours Yeah. And we could talk about whatever, but that's not the broadcast. We have commercial breaks, we have referees, we have game breaks and you get 15 seconds. That was probably the biggest thing is just the tempo and kind of the rhythm of the broadcast, right? Everyone has a lot to say. Can you say a little bit, make an impact, but also not overdo it? I think that's still the balance that I'm still trying to find. Right. Okay. I think the biggest thing for me is what I've noticed is you're talking about it as it's happening versus talking about something that's already happened or something that you perceive to happen.


So like, pre-game post-game is entirely different than doing color because you're talking as it's happening. Yeah. And I think the, the, the battle, at least the way I try to do it, is I try not to tell you what you're seeing. Right? Because you already see it. Right? Like, I don't wanna narrate the replay. Okay. Okay. I don't wanna just talk over what you're already seeing. Right. Because I think to most fan, I think fans nowadays are very educated. People are listening, they're listening to shows, they're listening to weekly and and weekend stuff. Tell them why they're seeing it. Maybe take their eyes away from the ball. What led to this play being really successful, right? What led to this read or this wide receiver route?


Like, was it, it was a pick, but did the receiver not get flat enough on his inside break? Right. Right, right, right. Dig route, take people into the why the thought process. I, that's the part I enjoy the most. Everyone can see it was a nice catch, right? Everyone can see it was a sack. Why? Right? Tell us why and what the counter is going forward. That's the game that I think is the, the fun part to lay


out. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com, we've done your homework,


We've all been there, you're sick and you're trying to schedule a doctor's appointment only to spend hours on hold. Then you find yourself crammed into a crowded waiting room with other sick people. And don't get me started about getting your prescriptions. That's a whole other story. Amazon understands. That's why they created Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy designed to remove these pain points from healthcare. With Amazon One Medical, you get 24 7 virtual care So you can see a provider within minutes and avoid those long annoying waits. And with Amazon Pharmacy, your prescriptions are delivered directly to you quickly and affordably. No more trips to the pharmacy and no more surprise costs at the cash register. Thanks to the ease and convenience of Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful. Learn more@health.amazon.com.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Did you know you can now buy a Hyundai on Amazon, the same place where you order yoga mats, a toothbrush, and pretty much everything else, all from the comfort of your home. Just locate a nearby dealer, pick your color, your options, check the price. And with a few dotting of some i's and crossing of some T's. Voila. Your Hyundai is ready for pickup. It's that easy. Visit hyundai usa.com for more details, limited availability. Pick up through a participating Hyundai dealer in select markets.


Joining us now, Nightcap. Michael Pitman Jr. Sir, Sorry, I'm fumbling around here. Here we go Bro. How you doing? Good. You good. Appreciate Y'all. Congratulations on a great season individually, not the season that you wanted to have team wise. What do you guys need to do in order to have success where you're in the playoffs, where you're contending for championship? Yeah, I mean, that's a really, really tough question, but Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Be honest. Don't be politically correct, not here. Okay? Okay. Be Straight up like we in the barbershop now. Yeah. Alright. Alright. So we have to have those tough conversations as you know, like, just like as men, right?


Yes sir. And, and we need to call guys up, right? Like, just like, not like calling 'em out, like just like call 'em up to, to like our standard. You Need more, we expect More. Yeah. And, and that starts with everybody. Like, that starts with me. That starts with every single person. And we just gotta find ways to close that gap because there's so many games that, that like, you were close. You know, like, just like we were so close and, and we just let it slip. Now I got a question now you, you, you speak about that gap, right? And, and obviously everyone's goal at the beginning of the season is you want to compete to be in San Francisco. This, this year coming up next year obviously. Yeah. What gaps do you think need to be filled in from an acquisition standpoint offensively or defensively that can help you guys get to that end goal?


Honestly, I think that we have a lot of our core guys, right? And, and like before I can focus on anybody else, like I gotta focus on everything that I gotta do. Like I didn't have my best season. I mean now there are some things that happened, but just, just like focusing like all myself, like I have to do things to produce in any type of situation, right? Injury. Like, just like, you know, like, just like guys are like out there hurt too, so, right, right. So, you Know, okay, There was a lot made of the situation. I think it was a Texans game. Your quarterback scrambled. He ended up taking himself outta the game. I guess there was a team meeting, there were conversations that were had the coach ended up benching him for a couple of a game, not a week, a couple of, he got benched one game, a couple of games, and then I think Black Oakfield in or whomever came in for 'em.


What was those conversations like? Because I'm telling you as a player that been in the locker room, have been a leader that's frowned upon when we feel a guy left aside there to drive. Because the one thing is, it's kind of like we adopt, it's nothing compared to the military. So military folks, don't get me wrong, but it's like we leave no man behind, is that we're out here together, we're gonna fight together, we're gonna win together, we're gonna lose together. But the one thing we're not gonna do is leave the other guys behind. What was that conversation that you had to have with your quarterback? Because I believe he's gonna be there for an extended period of time. Michael Pitman Jr. You know, you guys are going to need him. Yeah, we had a, so we actually had all of our team, so all of our team leaders from every single position group and, and we kind of had a hour long meeting and, and we talked about everything.


Like it wasn't just centered around that like it was everybody. But I think that was a good learning experience for him to know that that is not the standard and that he can't do that and stuff like that. So it's all just learning and, and I think that he handled that period of time well because everybody was like crashing on him, right? Right. So we saw him show up earlier. We saw him put in more work and, and like kind of do the things necessary to kind of earn everybody's trust back. Jalen Ro, former quarterback of the Alabama Crimson Tide, who decided to give up his final year of eligibility to go into the NFL draft.


Jalen, thanks for joining us. So you, what are you, what are you ripping in? You're just here for the Super Bowl, but what's going on? What are you, what are you, what are you selling? Yeah, so I'm ripping Autotrader. Okay. They made this event possible for me. So I'm coming from Orange County, California, long day of travel. Yeah. And that's a great opportunity to be here. Definitely inspired, you know, to understand where I'm, why I'm here, right. Super Bowl, you know why I'm inspired to achieve my next dream, which is during the draft press process right now. So, you know, I'm representing Autotrader today. I got a Question, this is not where you really wanna be. You wanna be preparing for the game. For the game. Yeah. This is the first time. So hopefully in the future Yeah, for real. We don't see you back here again. Not in this not, Yeah, no, no doubt.


No doubt. Yeah. Think thinking about it, how has the, the, the process been getting ready for the draft? Yeah, so the best thing right now, I'm able to pour into myself right now and invest in myself. One thing that's unique about the offseason is no shot clock. So you have time to develop, time to pour into things that you need to improve on. So I'm around a lot of great people. Where I'm at, I'm in Orange County with Jordan Palmer and Michael White Jordan. Yeah, that's my background man in Cincinnati, man. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm with him right now. So it's been fun to build each and every day and find beauty in the process. Yeah. So what does Jalen Melrose need to work on in order for him to get to the level of quarterback that he wants to be and know that he can be?


Because obviously there's some things that you need to work on. There's no finished products coming into the draft. There's no finished products once you enter the draft. But what is the most important thing you feel you need to work on? Putting my body in the best way faster as far as efficiency to get to make every throw on the football field. Okay. That's number one. Number two, the exposure to the NFL, although I lack experience, it's coming from watching tape, it comes from being in that system. And so during this process I've been able to do that. We're going to the Reese Bowl, we're going and working with Jordan Palmer. Being able to reflect on tape and acknowledge, you know, where the area of weaknesses to strength and why, why you able to do that by playing, right. So, you know, for me the, the transformation of 2023 to 2024 being a first year starter, then my final season in college.


And so just the exposure piece number one. But also just having this off season to really narrow down how can I put myself in the best way efficiently to make every throw on the football field because that's what's gonna be needed when it comes to performing on Sundays. But also playing on time, playing on upright and doing things the best way fashion so we can lead the offense to win back. What's up? Okay, good. He late? No, he had to go to the bathroom. No, he ain't late this time. He late? No, he ain't late this time. Oh, alright. Joining us on the Nightcap set is Adam Pacman Joe, you go by Adam or you go by Pac. I go by Pac. You ain't never called me Adam.


But, but we were told like when I, when I'm doing this on television, they say he don't wanna be called Pacman anymore and he wants to be called Adam. I say since when I just saw it this end in the barbershop a month ago and everybody was calling him Pac, ain't nobody ever called him Adam. I don't know what what coach Marvin was thinking about when he said that to the media. I think that was a a, a sum with him that had nothing to do with me. Alright, pat, because you're down here at the Super Bowl, you know the two teams that are in the Super Bowl, the Chiefs and the Eagles. How do you see this matchup playing out? I just, I can't, two teams are compatible, but Andy Reed having two weeks to prepare for this game is going to be hard to beat Andy Reed.


Andy Reed had a motherfucker wide open. I mean the other week when he had they was in the trips formation. Yeah. To the right single back. I mean single receiver to the left side. He sent the two over in motion just to see where they was in man. And then he ran the little play with the pick out the backfield to the running back back. Yo, somebody can tell me how the linebacker gonna make that play. He can't, there's no way. He's not gonna make it. What's up man? You late? No, and they sat on this play for the entirety of the game. They did not there looking. And I, and I, ocho and I talked about this, there are not very many coaches in that situation is gonna throw the ball because if you gonna stop the clock Yeah. If that clock stops now you give them an opportunity to get the ball back with a chance to go down and tie you or beat you.


Yeah. He says Patrick, and we saw this last year against the Baltimore Ravens. He said even Val de Scanlon who had dropped several passes during the regular season, he threw the ball on third down 30 plus yards down the field. Yeah. That's the kind of confidence that Andy has in one five. And, and, and and confidence is well-placed. Yes it is. And man, you can look at them last week and look at him four weeks ago when they didn't have worthy, they didn't have Chucko. Now they all healthy man Worthy is man, he got better. Better. Like he, he is That's one of the guys that ain't nobody talking about that can be MVP That's What I told you. Remember I told you earlier, you never know who day it's gonna be when you watch the Chiefs All season long, every time they play it's always somebody else day.


Yeah. Like you watch the Bango play, you know it's gonna be Chase. Yeah. Yeah. Half the time, 90% of the time you watch the Chiefs play ain't no telling who day it's gonna be. Right. One day it's worthy. One day it's Kelsey. One day it's, it's nowhere gray. So depending what the Eagles do this game. Well it's gonna be exciting. Now joining us, he was NFL Rookie of the Year. He's a former all pro and Pro Bowl player. Played years with the San Diego Chargers and he played one season, if I'm not mistaken with the Buffalo Bills. Here he is. Sean Lights out Merriman. What up bro? What Up? What's up little man? What's up lil man?


What's up little man? There you go. I'm just getting up. He enough up? Nah, I'm finna beat his ass years Ago. See, see this? What happened? I I promise You No, they saying this. What happened? He, I I didn't know he was playing around. I didn't know he was playing around a long time ago and he said he gonna beat my ass. Right. So I stopped this. I was in the charge facility. I walked out and I did a video and said I was gonna choke him when I seen him. Right. I I didn't know Chad there. I I thought he was You Thought he was serious? I thought He was serious. Okay. And we was playing, we were playing them coming up and I said when we see them, I'm gonna do Something real bad, Real bad when I catch him and we ain't ca I never caught him. Yeah, it was some fun days, man. How you doing Sean?


I'm good Man. Doing well. Good. Lemme ask you this man. You see this matchup, obviously Patrick Mahomes going for the Threepeat, the Eagles, Saquon, Jalen Hurtz, AJ Devonte. Then you go to the defensive side of football. Yeah. Led by Jalen Carter. They have Zach Broun in the middle. You got Slade, you got Mitchell on the outside. How do you see this matchup playing out? You know what, it's, it's funny because everybody's talking about the, the obvious right? Sayquan talking about Pat, we know what they going to do. I think, man, this game really gonna come down to the trenches. Yeah. I think it really gonna come down to Jalen Carter, Chris Jones. I think it's gonna be that kind of matchup because that's really going to dictate the tempo of the game. Right. You know, we pa they gonna get there.


Saquon's gonna rush for whatever he gonna rush for. I don't think this Magnolia let anybody rush for a hundred yards this year. I don't think so. I'm not Yes. But again, so now he got a real, a real obstacle on his hands dealing with that man. I just think it's gonna be an unsung hero. They ain't gonna be Pastor Mahomes and they gonna be, it is gonna be somebody like slay Right. To step up, you know, getting pressures, you know, and, and a ball force. And I think it's gonna be an unsung hero on this game that we just, we we really not talking about. I wanna know about the Fight league. Yeah, I, that's what tell, tell us, tell the people about what you have going with the Fight League because I, I'm thinking about joining, you know, getting hands with it a little bit, but, But it's MMA so I, listen, I can kick two, Whatever you wanna do.


So look, when I back in the mid two thousands, I, I wanted to start, I was working with Jay Glazer, I was in his gym, right? So I grew up my, my family, like my uncle's from professional boxers. So I grew up just boxing in PG county in Washington DC area anyway, right, right. Sugar Ray Line Gym was right up the street. So I grew up around boxers anyway and so I was hitting the gym, hitting the, hitting the miss one day at gym and Jay Glac said, Hey look, I see So you can box. Have you ever tried MMA, it'll help you out in football with your hands coming out the edge. So he took me in gym one day and Jay Glazer ISS here and Randy Couture is sitting on my left and I'm looking, looking at Jay. I said, I'm not fighting Randy Couture today. That's not, that's not happening. But when I saw man, I started training with these guys, you know, every, all season. Chuck Dale, TD Ortiz, all these guys. I got a chance to just be around and train with and I fell in love with sports.


So I ended up launching Lights out extremes Fighting, which we we're looked at man as one of the feeders to to UFC. Yo we sent, we sent six guys to the UFC last year. Okay. So that, so that's what, so basically you're a minor league system to the ufc. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that the, the word minor league, nobody's gonna be bigger than UFC, Right? No, no, No. There's gonna be people's gonna of Head Start. They got too much of Head Start. And when you think of MMA, you all, you already think of the UFC no matter, no matter where you at. Yeah. But what you can do is do some things that they may not be looking at. Right. We got a bunch of, we got chips and the gloves that can measure speed, power, punch, impact, all that's like a lot of tech, a lot of ai. And I just launched my, my streaming service, like our sports TV that we carry a lot of combat sports. We got a big fight in LA this Friday on like in, in Long Beach for lights side string fight.


So what you can do, man, because we are able to pivot, right? We can do some stuff and if they like it right, it's, if they like it, they adopt it. And that's, that's the whole goal of man, we don't, we, we don't try to compete. We just trying to create, Lemme ask you this, you hear Miles Garrett says, look, I appreciate everything Cleveland, they made my dream come true first overall draft pick defensive player of the year, all pro Pro Bowl. I believe I've done all I possibly can, but at the end of the day I wanna compete for a championship. Yeah. And I don't believe I can do that in Cleveland. What, what, what do you do? You, do you have a problem with him? Like, I wanna go compete for a title. No. And, and the Browns organization gotta respect it. He's giving you everything he possibly can from his standpoint.


Right. He's done everything. He, he can and you get to a point as an organization that they're not doing what's best in your interest now. Because after you make enough money, you, you already know it's the best in your position. You already got the Pro Bowls all pros the deep, you already got the accolades. Yeah. The only thing now to do is get a championship and if you don't have somebody out there working with you to get put you in the best situation and say, Hey man, we gotta get this, we gotta get this. So you So you used to, the biggest regret I have in my career is, is not winning the ring. That's, that's the biggest one though. And all the teams we had, we should at least got one. Oh yeah. Yeah. We, we should Philip Lt, we, we, we should have got one. Yeah. And So, you know, I'm sitting up and I'm, I, you know, I remember going to NFL network going FL network and I'm sitting up there on the panel up, got Marshall fought, everybody was up there and they got these rings on and I'm sitting in my heart beating through my chest because you've missed that part.


So I don't blame Miles Garrett at all. For one to get out of an organization that hasn't put him in the best situation to be a champion. What up? You good? I'm Just making sure you good. You sure? What, what, what's really going on? I'm, I'm making sure he good. Well I thought you wanted you in the fight. Into the what? The fight game? No, I'm not really into the fight game. My son is into the fight game. Like Chip, like fighting like with MMA with fist. MMA? Yeah. He likes to do MMA. How old is he now? 17. Okay. But I ain't letting him do nothing to far.


Why? Because it, it is, he got a game weight to play ball. So why don't you that Don't, I ain't got no weight. I'll spa you Anytime man. For real De oh I'm dancing shit anytime. Nah, he, he think, he think it's a game. This shit, hey this shit different over here man. Hey, hey you sweet On that. Hey you know, you know what? You know what's funny is after I, after I did my exhibition right and I done had a few, a few fight, a few local fights in Miami. Yeah. My hands are registered now. They registered with who? I Didn't have. What do you mean with Vegas? I ain't have no choice but the register. What you mean you know with who? Stop playing with me man. For I come across this table. Cross your head boy. Oh man, all you need to do is swing. I take care of everything else. Really. That's it man. Really? That's it. You wanna box match?


MA. Oh, I'm MMA all day. I Don't care. He can kick all he wanna, I Don't need to kick. Whatcha gonna Do? All I need to do is grab you. You ain't finna grab shit nigga. I'll beat your ass. You got, I'm gonna choke the life out. You, they gonna, they gonna have to choke me out to get So You hold on, hold. Help me understand something. You tell me We getting the octagon right. We me you can knock the octagon. Understand. Are you gonna run? No. Why The fuck run from who did I run for you when we played? Did I run from anybody when we played? That's different. That's no, it's no different. I have the same mentality. So we get octagon, We make this happening. Hold On, we get into Octagon. You tell me you're going to try to grab me and you think you're gonna be able to do so. Understanding as quick as I am with these feet, understanding these hands. You gonna grab me.


Listen man fighting. You would be like fighting my son. You practice. Hey can you do me a favor? Yes. There's God My please make this happen So I can, we gonna make it happen. Hey Chad. Y'all wanna see that? Y'all wanna see MMA Ocho against Deebo. I fight The Citrix. Please Do this this way for one Listen people Chat. He's too slow, too much muscle. I'm finna dance around that shit. I'm gonna hit you in your head. I'm gonna hit you when I want to. I'm gonna play Beat. Listen, listen. Hey listen. Beat his as up here man.


Man up here through Beat his as too. I don't care it it matter. Got It. Like he used to Tripping. What's up man? He Man he talking about, he talking about whooping ass and everything In the game. What you mean? What's the difference? Hey listen, sitting here tone don't change for nobody. It don't to change beat be his as. It ain't happening. Icho say he won't, he won't, he won't. M he won Bea, it's still Chad, you know what I mean? He, he always go talk crazy. You ain't listen, it's one thing about talking but you know I'm get in there and Five.


Right right now Man, go pick that little shit up with one hand. How you Gonna pick it up? Because he gonna pick that shit up with one hand. How y'all couldn't even touch me when I played with gonna touch me now I couldn't touch you when you played. I slammed you on your head, on Your neck doing that, that Neck. He he still lifting a different way. I Still listen a different way. Not like that. They different. They still Like me man. Nigga just big man. I don't see that shit man. Y'all got, y'all got fucked up nigga Beat your ass. What? Right. Man, stop playing me man. Playing Me man. Got I my my mother. How about you got man, the way my body set up, I can't do no helping for nobody.


You bet. You bet against me. Yeah. Alright. Hey bet. Hey bet. Alright. You can invest. So You think, you think she's sweet? What? Oh I don't You think she's sweet? You, you think you for real Y y'all playing or you for real? Hell no doubt Care you from Ham bro. Where am I from? But you seriously where I'm from? He a man. We gonna make it happen. You know O Ain't Gotta be Ocho be really believing what he be saying sometimes Hold, it Could be outside. It don't matter. Wherever. Wherever We I You wherever come with you Up no money. Fuck wrong with this nigga man. Beat brakes off his as You talking about brakes. This ain't no car nigga Yo. Alright.


Alright. What we gonna do? Alright. We gonna get advertising sponsor The hell I get. Yeah. How the hell I get caught up in this conversation. So You too slow. You not quick enough. I have a skillset that I've over years. Yeah Skillset that deal With absolutely destroyed. Alright. Okay. Okay. I tell you this, I'm be honest with you. Yeah you fast, quick, quick. You all that hands I got ground game. What? What? You just stop, stop with the rest. You not gonna grab stop. Stop with the grab it. Stop with the you man. For real. Let's be honest. Listen, stop hit run like you in the car with no license or stop with the grabbing. Alright. Hit and run. You know he don't wanna get in the grabbing game.


I know he don't. I Know he don't. But this, this what I'm more worried about. I'm more worried about he might eat that little shit you throw At. No, forget what I'm unconscious. He ain't conditioned like I am. No, he gonna be tired in two seconds. He gonna try to throw a punch, gonna Try and throw my weight back. Grabbed you said you said mad. He's Not grabbing me. Stop saying that I hit you in your mouth. Don't say that no more. How the hell I get on this? I was walking my mouth, boy. Y'all disrespect y'all. Hey You. I don't, I don't like, like that. People look at size and they determine wins and losses based off size.


You saw David and Goliath. Remember that story, right? Man, that was the Bible. Remember that story? Remember what Happened? You ain't in there, huh? Yeah. You aint in there. Don't, don't do that. Don't worry About it. Yourself up to beat David. You Read the Bible? Yeah, I read. But you ain't, You ain't do do you read the Bible? One of us is David, do you read the Bible? Yes. Neither one of us Start reading. Start reading because you need   Boy. You good. I ain't gonna need nigga. You good? I thought you was good back then. I thought you was good back started. Chad, listen. Lemme talk. He good. This ain't No joke. Y'all take my life for a joke. My life ain't no joke.


Oh my kids, I'm gonna fuck You up. See all that, all that crazy bust you your mouth call's going on. How? What? I, I put that with my kids. Hey, you know I don't play by my kids. I got 200 of 'em. I got you. But you good boy. You're Good. I'm gonna show you. I'm good. No, You really good in Octagon. I'm gonna show you Im good. Oh my God. What do you Got something to say? Listen man, I accepted my Lord and Savior in August this past year. Man. I was baptized. You Were? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well my mine went off. I gotta get baptized. What you about to make me do is go totally outside. What?


I said I was Of your character, right? No, listen man. I think I might, I been trying to hold this thing inside of me for a long time because ever since I got like fined by Roger Ell for 75,000, I've been wanting to kill somebody. I think you might be the person. I think God done brought you too. That's, That's fine. That's fine. I think that's what he That's fine. Whatever you wanna do. You know, matter of fact, if you beat me, I add a 75,000 to your purse if you beat me. How about that? Damn. So you get your money back. That's how serious I am. Oh, You gonna gimme that. I give, I'll give it back. You might as well just write that right now. You got me fucked up man. You might as well write that. How can, how can I get involved in this? Funny, y'all talking about making some money. Shay At where? Where's Hold On. I got, I tell you what, you gonna be the nigga cut man.


Alright. Ain't be no work done. Do my check come or I do nothing. Hold on. So, so hold on. I got, I got three Because I walk down the aisle, aisle. I'll walk, I'll bring him out. Hold on. So you don't believe in me? No. You don't believe in me? I believe. And you talking shit. What You think? Okay. What The hell I look, look like believing in you against Me. Hey, you know I'm life up. I don't care where you fromm from. Akron, Ohio. That don't mean nothing. You from where? Akron, Ohio. I'm from M from City. Who? Daye County. I don't Even know where that bro, I don't matter. You gonna know. It Don't matter. You gonna know when I lumped your ass up. Bitch that ain't Up. How did I get, you know what did come.


Matter of fact, I'm doing too much talking. Yes you are. I'm doing too much talking. Let's just set, set the shit up man. We Got shit you want. It don't Matter. We can do it in front of everybody. It don't make me none. It don't matter where I'm at. Run it nigga. Run. Nigga what? Saying Need do swing. We got six. I don't trust him. I don't trust you. The no, no, no. Listen, I'm trying to tell you. He's that pit bull that if he's sit off, you get close enough, he gonna grab your As. You shoulda pulled you down. Right. He said what? I pulled you down.


I pulled you down for a reason. Playing, Playing. Set it up. He, he's dead ass. Oh yeah. I'll set it up please. We got this me, we, oh, we gonna make some. Talking about he's, sir, what you think I'm playing now? I ain't play. Did I play with you on Sundays? Yeah. He come to me. Exactly. We about fight before the game. I said nah man gonna throw me out for real. Got time to mess you. Cj. Like, I'm gonna be, he pull up where the shirt roll up. Come on man. It's get, I said nah man. They gonna throw me out for real. And you gonna get the play. But This this's the thing, this ain't football no more. This is real light. And He, you, you, you tested my manhood. Not, and you disrespecting me.


Oh, you no, this. Okay, we'll see Y'all see man, we'll see how much, how much time do you need to get the knee right? Oh, I don't want no excuses. That's gonna be his first excuse when he lose. Oh, my knee was messed up. Mm. Oh. My knee was, I can do that Right now. I had a excuse. I'm here tomorrow. Yeah, bring me back. Oh, till tomorrow. I go run and do my knee hit me back. Oh. I need some more of this man. I need to get my content up. I'm gonna beat that niggas, I tell you what man. You give time. Whatever you need to do sha give him the timing and he gonna need to gain some weight. You might gain weight. Need gain No weight. I think six months to be good. You be ready in six months. I can be ready tomorrow, man.


No, we need tired. We gotta, we got, we gotta sell this. Well, shit, Now you quiet. Now you quiet. Be quiet, soft fast. Ain't Nobody quiet. Soft fast. Okay, July. So you soft boy. I see through all that shit. I see through all that muscle shit. Ain't about nothing, boy. Okay. You got the right one? No, I'm going to, You got, you got the right one baby. What they say? What did, I'm gonna try to see what they said in the chat because I beat the chat ass too. See, man, listen, we gonna have, listen, I'm tired. I'm, I'm not listening. Yeah, I'm he, I'm Helen Keller. Don't talk to me. I'm trying to make me laugh.


Don't talk. I'm not trying to make you laugh. For what? Because whatever you smile we gonna be missing. Smile. Bust your ass too Bad. Okay. Alright. Bet. Nah, nah, you got Gabe. Bet you you got, Hey, he asked for this. He asked. Oh, I'm gonna give you everything you looking for. March, April, may, June, July, August. I think August will be right about the right amount of Time. I don't need it. I'm good now. You better talk to him. Hey Ryan, I'm gonna fuck him up. Lies all right. I got deebo, Chad. Huh? That's Fine. I, you know, I want you to better get because my, my teachers in high school said the same thing. They didn't believe in me. And look what I became. You did. Look Where I'm coming. You did Ash. Who? You got Deebo? Okay, Aaron.


Who you got? Deebo got. Thank you. Thank you. Somebody that believe in me, that, that's A, that's a OCHO producer Aaron. So, okay. Don't worry about it. Unfortunately. Put all your money on it too. James Harrison. Ladies and gentlemen, thank for joining us Debo, man. Appreciate it. Hey, get right. Get to me. Right? Yeah. Get right. We got listen, Get right and Yeah, I know, I know. I ain't gonna lie man. It's gonna be the easy. I thought playing football was easy. Okay. That gonna be the easiest money you ever, ever made. Okay. Ever made. We'll see. Long the money right. The money gonna be right some money. We'll see That's how I know he gonna get his ass. Whoop. 'cause he worried about the money.


No, I, I'm Going, I'm going in for business. You going in for business? I'm Going in for Business. What you doing after the show? Huh? What you doing after the show? I'm Finna go to French Quarter and smoke a cigar. Okay. You wanna go tell me where you going? I'll meet you there. Okay, bet we can take care of it then. I just Told you. I just told you. Be in the French car. I'm be in the French call the smoke of the cigar. Okay. So whatever you wanna do.


Yeah. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory. Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework,


We've all been there. You're sick and you're trying to schedule a doctor's appointment only to spend hours on hold. Then you find yourself crammed into a crowded waiting room with other sick people. And don't get me started about getting your prescriptions. That's a whole other story. Amazon understands. That's why they created Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy designed to remove these pain points from healthcare. With Amazon One Medical, you get 24 7 virtual care So you can see a provider within minutes and avoid those long annoying waits. And with Amazon Pharmacy, your prescriptions are delivered directly to you quickly and affordably. No more trips to the pharmacy and no more surprise costs at the cash register. Thanks to the ease and convenience of Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful. Learn more@health.amazon.com.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Did you know you can now buy a Hyundai on Amazon, the same place where you order yoga, mats, a toothbrush, and pretty much everything else, all from the comfort of your home. Just locate a nearby dealer, pick your color, your options, check the price. And with a few dotting of some i's and crossing of some T's. Voila. Your Hyundai is ready for pickup. It's that easy. Visit hyundai usa.com for more details. Limited availability. Pick up through a participating Hyundai dealer in select markets.


Right? We got our next guest coming to the stage. Oto. Hey, I ain't even shaking your hand. Go ahead yo. I don't need to shake your hand. Talking about off. See you. Hey, I got Debo coming to the stage right now. Is the San Francisco 49 ERs all pro linebacker, one of the best defensive players in all of football. Fred Warner. What's up? What's up? It's good.


How you doing? Appreciate it man.


Four time AllPro linebacker joins us on behalf of Experian, which can help improve your financial health and keep more money in your pocket. You may have seen Fred and his wife sending commercials, highlighting how people can save money and time with Experian by canceling unwanted subscription, negotiating your bills for lower rates and more. In fact, according to Experian, 93% of Americans said it's more important for them to save money as a couple. And Experian is making that easier to do. Mm. So whether you're single or in a new relationship or happily married, download the free Experian app to learn how you can take control of your money, finances, and save time and money. See boy, hey you said it all already there. You ain't even, lemme say that. Did you heard everything you just said? Yes. Everything About experience. One first thing you saying was wife. Yeah, couple. Yeah. Girlfriend. Yeah. There you go. Like, oh, that, that, that just triggered me based on the situation I'm in right now. Yeah. Being in the doghouse and things are in limbo. Okay. Because this is something that that me and that other person that we can get into. Right. You know? So Then download the Experian app today man. It is gonna take care of all that for you. All right. Listen, I know you are you probably watching right now. I know we on bad terms, but download the Experian app Okay. And see what it can do for us. Boom. Maybe it can men things. There you go. Okay. 'cause God has favor. He does. And Fred Warner and his woman, they're an example of w Wicked be when two people come together. That's it. You Hear me? I don't know what type of foundation we on right now, but there's a solid So how, how did you get in? How did you get involved with Experian? Yeah man, Experian, they're so amazing. First of all, they're, they're, I mean I want to save my time, save my money, right? Just like everybody. Yes. Right? And that's what they're all about. They're trying to save you time and money. So for example, you get a Peloton, right? Yes. You on that Peloton, you gotta get download the membership, right? Then 2, 2, 3 weeks later you're like, man, you know what, the Peloton just ain't working for me. Right? But I forgot about the membership that all them subscriptions that you accumulating over time and it all add up them little 3 99 ERs, those are the ones that get you. 'cause guess what? They kind of slide under the radar. You don't, you don't realize you got 'em. You download the Experian app, they take care of all that for you. They get rid of all the unwanted subscriptions that you don't use or don't need. Save time and money. I Like it.


You get your former defensive coordinator back, Robert. So comes back the last time you guys went to the Super Bowl, you coming back, right? What happened this year? Because you got here in the soup y'all, you guys were in this situation, correct? Just last year. Correct. This year, some injuries. What happened? What does the 49 ERs need to do to get back in this position and what happened this year? Yeah, I mean everybody talks about the injuries, right? I think it just, when you go, when you go through the whole year, things just unraveled at the exact wrong time I think you could call it. Right? We thought we had a chance to really get back on track. Midseason, we get Christian back, right? You know, we win a big game on the road against Buccaneers Buffalo. We think we can come bounce back off their bad game against Green Bay.


He gets hurt, we lose guys on the D line. We lose Trent, we lose ba Like all these, all these injuries kind of just happened at the wrong time and we just weren't able to continue to compete at a high level. So we gotta get back, man. We gotta get back on track this off season, get guys healthy and get that, get that dog back in us. Now when you, when you think about the off season, right? Are there, are there any pieces, any acquisitions that you see fit that can help and bolster the defensive side of the ball or the offensive side? Or you, are you happy with the core guys? You guys have? I mean, I see Miles Garrett asking for a trace of what I'm like, Hey, hey, Hey. What's up? We just it up at the Pro Bowl. Man, I, I love my team. I love who we have, right?


You always looking for more, more pieces, you know, more improvement. Of course, you know, we need improvement going into the next season and of course based on the season we have. But I love everybody that we got in our locker room. It, it is gonna take everybody just taking a look in the mirror and just taking that next step on the next season. What is Fred Warner? Obviously you've been a multi-time all pro player. You've gone to Pro Bowl, you've gone to Super Bowl. What's left? What do you want to accomplish, say the next four or five years of your career? Four or five Super Bowls. Four or five Super Bowl. I, man that's, that's honestly the only thing I'm chasing at this point, right? When I, when I wake up in the morning, it's no longer of like, alright, I'm trying to just be the best in the game, right? I wanna be the best of all time. And what does that require?


Not only playing at the best, the highest level, but having the champion, having the championships, right? That, that's the ultimate team award is a Super Bowl ring. And so what do you have to do? You gotta go outside yourself. You gotta get uncomfortable now. Where you going? You, you're getting after your teammates like, hey man, come train with me, come train in the bay. Like let's get, let's get after, let's get to it. So we making sure that we're training together and we're doing things the right way. So when ultimately the season comes, boom. Now we even got more locked in the chemistry there, the comradery. We gotta build that up to start getting, getting these rings going. What about A-D-P-O-Y? Absolutely. Because you know, you look at the great linebackers from single Terry to Bucka, Ray Lewis, Ray Lewis, lacer, yep. Kiley, all those guys.


They all able to accomplish that at the middle linebacker position. And I think you're in that, you're in that category. Absolutely. But you're gonna need, you're gonna need to get One of those. Yeah, I, I'll take it a step further. Why not MVP Okay. League mvp. Oh you trying to be the ltp? There's only be two of those now. Allen Page and lt. I Figured let, I wanna shoot for MVP and then if I fall down on DPOY hey that's great Too. That's what I'm, that's the mindset though. Yeah. I'm trying to think. It's early. I've asked everybody that's been on here this, it's early, it's February right now. I'm not sure how much time you take off from your season before you start back training. What do you do in the off season? What does that look like before you get back into business? Before getting back into it?


I mean I, all that time in season when I'm dedicating that to just strictly football, like I want to give some time back to my family, right? My wife, my son, I got a 10 month old boy at home who needs his daddy. You know what I'm saying? So it's kind of using that time to take some trips, spend some more time with them. Fortunately I gotta come do stuff like this because I'm not playing in the Super Bowl. Right. But it is a pleasure obviously be amongst the greats and do and do stuff like this. But yeah man, just spend time with family. That's dope. Yeah, that's dope. Ted Caras and Alex Kappa each one. One one. What's up bro? What's, how you doing man? What's up? What's up bro? How you doing? What up baby? Good To see you. What's up? What up baby? Let's go Have a seat. Tell us, tell us, tell us what brings you out to see the bounty.


The quicker pick up. Hold on, hold on. Bounty wingman. We're the bounty wingman today because Shannon, you can't have football Without wings. You cannot, you cannot have and you can't have wings Without bounty. You cannot, can't do it. So is this a two? The quicker pick upper right? Oh this is the good stuff. The good stuff. The really good stuff. The this, the diesel. Okay. Yeah, I like it. Listen, We might as well be in right now. There we go. How's your experience so far? Been at Super Bowl this week? I kind of just, You know, just coming straight to Radio Row, you know, I've been to New Orleans, new Orleans a few times. I love this Town. You like it? Yeah. Yeah. Has it been so far? It's been good. I had some beignets last night.


Ah, believe. But it's been good man. Just hanging out here. Okay. Okay. Talk to us about the season. Obviously you guys didn't make the playoffs and haven't been to the Super Bowl. You know what that's like. So what, what are the Bengals, what do you guys need to do to make sure that next year in San Francisco that you guys are not able to come to Radio Row? Yeah, I mean you can't throw away games, right? Like if you look at our early season, we had too many games and we just threw away like game four or five games we should have won and we didn't make the play. And when you do that, it's, it's tough to dig yourself out of a hole. Even if you on a run at the end There, that Patriots game really hurt. Huh? Because when you look back at it and see where they finished and look where that one game one if you like. And that's what it comes down to during the season.


It's, look, we can, there's game here, game there, but you're like, hold on, we lost to that team. They're gonna be picking third in the draft. And we lost to that team and They potentially kept us outta the playoffs. Yeah, no. And I think that's officially something that's, that's on our back as a program to see get these early wins in the season and not, not play from a two three game deficit against Kansas City, Buffalo, Baltimore, and, and you know, just be in the pack. 'cause it's gonna be tight regardless. Yes. Yeah. But we can't drop three to start and expect to do anything Nancy. But you know how close those games are even between teams that win a lot of games and teams that don't. Yeah. If you don't play well, you're gonna lose those games. It's that Simple. You look at Kansas City one score game, they don't lose one score games.


You lose a couple of those games now all of a sudden the six, it works out different. Some teams one score game, they might be two and eight another team in one score game they might be eight and two. That's the difference between a team making the playoffs. Playoffs and a team that doesn't make the playoffs. What do you got? Look, you lose your defensive coordinator. You bring, I think Al I think Golden comes back in. He was a DB linebacker. Linebacker, yep. End up going to Notre Dame, becoming to dc He comes back. What are some of the things that you think you guys need to do in order to improve this overall team to make sure you got just in the Super Bowl about four years ago? How do you get back? So I think it just starts with preparation. We, we, we gotta come out of camp healthy and ready to go prepared healthy, ready to go for week one, week two and, and put ourselves in a, in a great position in our division and in our conference.


You know, I'm excited for Scott Peters our new line coach. Okay. He's gonna bring a great, refreshing new energy to our room. You know, I've talked to Dave Andrews up in New England and you know, he, he speaks very highly of him. So I'm excited to get to work with him. Yeah. And it's not wholesale changes like, I mean every game is gonna be close the whole year. So it's making those plays. It comes down to execution and if you execute in those close games, that's the difference. Better get 'em right. Matter of fact, get 'em right. Get 'em right. Also, you Know, also I wanna point out also watching us. I'm saying us, even though I'm not on the team right now watching us throughout the years, we always have a problem and issue with starting slow. We always start slow where we have to find our way, pick ourselves out the hole.


You know, what do you think we can do from an offensive and defensive standpoint to where we can get a, get a get a season finally where we start fast for a change and it's not so hard to climb back into in contention later on in the season. I think we're probably gonna, it's probably gonna be a little bit different of a spring program. Right. And, and obviously camp too. And you know, I think that Zach will wanted to play us more in this preseason. I think we'll probably have a bigger volume in the preseason coming up that You just talked about that. Yes, because he, I'm from the old school. Yeah. We used to play the first preseason game. There's four preseason games. Yeah. But obviously if you went overseas or you played the Hall of Fame game, you played five. But we would play 10 play the first preseason game.


We played 10 plays and then we played 20. The third preseason game was dress, our dress rehearsal. So we're playing three quarters and then the fourth game we were out. Now a lot of these guys that y'all, you guys don't even play in the preseason. How difficult. And then now you ask, well you don't play the entire preseason. Alright we're gonna turn it up. We want you to go all out 60 plays. That's asking an awful lot guys. Yeah. But you still see, see teams do it. Like I think the Rams, when they won the Super Bowl, they didn't play at all in the pre-season. So I don't, I mean it's doable. I don't like to look at that as like kind of an excuse. Like I really think it comes down to executing plays. Like, like why did we lose those games? I don't think it's 'cause we didn't play in the pre-season. It's 'cause we didn't play well. You know what I mean? Like I was just kind of pointing to something that we could change.


Yeah. To just change up the the mojo. Right, right. Yeah. Right Of the start of the season. Cleveland Brown's all world cornerback. Denzel war, My guy D you up Ocho d Who Up? You, you might be talking about, you might be talking about men. You talking about you ain't talking about that matter up. I done study. I done studied him to a TI could tell him by his whole game what he going do down a distance. You Up. That's what I'm telling You. Do Nathaniel the great, hey listen one, the one of the greatest technicians you ever be seen the tweets where I talk about I seen of man now I studied. Nah, that's why I appreciate that. I ain't even playing the game. No. Yeah, You Can't. Boy wait. You say the game, the real, the real deal.


Yeah. Hold on. I got, I got one. I'm go ahead. Another technician. Denzel Ward, number one that got damn stingy. Now everybody could play corner, but this a different, I'm talking about that dog. Remember the, remember the play You just said PS two. Nah no, hold on, hold on. No, I say Pat. Pat attorney. I'm talking about technical like it's different the skillset. You know, watching somebody six two do it and watching somebody how tall you were? Six foot. Yeah, it's, it's different. Oh he's so fucking fluid by the hip. The footwork number one. What? That ran the, the deep, the Higgins on Higgs talking about that was Higgins. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mad. I mad dog. That's that. That's Den thank for joining us.


Obviously the other day, you know about it. I don't know know how soon you heard about it, but Miles Garrett sent a letter to the Cleveland Browns. He's asking for a trade. Could a comment, anything you wanna say? Man, like I said earlier in the season, I feel me and Miles, we like Shaq and Kobe. So I've been saying that. So I wanna play with Miles Garrett. You know, I don't want him to leave, but Sure, Yeah. If he leave, what's up? You, you, you asking, you asking deal too Check. I dunno, just check the details under the trade. I might be in there, but nah, I don't know man. I like, I wanna always say I love Cleveland. I'm a hometown kid in Cleveland and shoot, I mean I wanna stay home on Miles. Satan, we gotta get this same rolling, but we never know. That's the NFL. We'll see what happens.


But you Have, you also have to understand when you look at the landscape of the NFL, you get the teams that win consistently year in and year out. There's one position that allows you to contend for Lombardi Trophy and that's the quarterback position. Now the Browns haven't been able to find a quarterback adequate enough that make sure they're always a contention year in and out. Correct. So at some point you do understand where Miles Garrett is coming from Yeah. About his wish and hopes to contend for a Lombardi. Yeah, no doubt. I mean that's the main thing. Like, I mean, just last year we had the number one defense. Yes. So, I mean, we got things kind of settled I feel on that end. So like, like I said earlier, we need to solidify the quarterback position. The quarterback been hurt and we just been rotating guys in and out. Right. It is hard to win like that in the NFL. So. Yes Sir.


Do you feel you're the best DB in the league? No doubt. I doubt No doubt. Like I said, I, I'm a technician. I thought I'm the number one technician in the league at Corner. I, I'm a playmaker too. Like I make play. I'm the most playmaking corner out there in the game or whatever. But That's a funny thing when you talk about dbs, right? 95% of DBS play not to get beat. You got 5% play to make a play. There's a, there's a difference there. There there's a, there's, there's, there's a complete difference there. I I you don't understand. I can see and talk about DB playoff. Yeah. I like db play as opposed to receiving more. More. Do you think I want you to, to be honest with yourself. Yeah. Do you think at any point in your career right now when you came in, when you was in college, that you could cover me? I feel that's a rhetorical question.


You know, Not rhetoric. I just wanna know if you really feel you do that. Yes. Like serious, serious. No, I mean like, like you Think you get open and you and you're prime. You getting Opens. Get prime. I can get open on your ass right now. You not, I I Seen you one, one clip. You got hand up choke. Whoa, Whoa. He choked me Time by time out for one. I ain't having no police. I ain't see, I ain't see your feet. I just, I just Seen, I really couldn't dig up outta it like I wanted to. Yeah. And what I, when he stabbed, I was just gonna go up under it. I couldn't, I couldn't get up under it 'cause I had no grip. Yeah. I'm say the old old Cho, he, he'd have got around there. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's The old, old choke. Yeah. I'm 57. He now, he's just an old ocho. Not a old, not old Ocho. The old ocho. Yeah. But lemme ask you this. When you, when you look at Jerry, Judy, he came to Cleveland after some years in Denver and the quarterback played, had a lot to do with that.


He was technical. Now you talk about, I can imagine those, those one oh ones in practice because he's technical. Yeah. He, hey, he can get in and outta breaks. He got great movement. What did you see? What, what do you think the biggest difference was between him and Cleveland and him and Denver? I think think it could have just been opportunities for real opportunities, but like you say, he a smooth route runner. He go, he gonna get in and out them breaks like that, like in practice we going at it Yeah. Every time. So we getting each other better for the games. But yeah, I think it's just opportunities getting the opportunity to get the ball more and being that number one guy, he, he the number one guy for us and he been making it happen this year. How was it having jam in the locker room, man? We see, we see those clip of James eating Do Giving Those Sermons.


No, I love, I love James man. James a great quarterback. I feel sure he is giving us the best chance to win. He, he gonna throw that ball when he, when he get out there. But just a great team guy in the locker room, like what you see on, on film and the clips, viral clips. Like that's, that's really who he's, that's him. So you gotta appreciate that and love who he Is. Listen, since you've been in the league right now and you, you understand the landscape of the receivers, who do you think the best receiver in the game is? Mm. Or just gimme your top three based on those you played. Well Goal, you play space. Yeah. Yeah. Like since I've been in the NFL. Yeah. Or like right now. Right now. Let's, let's go right Now. Right now I'm gonna, I'm gonna put Jamar Jamar up there just being, having to see him two times a year. Right.


That's always gonna be a battle. So Chase, Devonte who I went against him. Adams? Yeah. Jefferson. Yes. Okay. Oh, you said three or five. What is That? That, I mean, your top three is good. Yeah. Yeah. I'm good with that. Is there someone that gives you trouble? Like I, when, when we, when I talk about dvs obviously during my plan date and I think of someone that gave me trouble. Yeah. It was only one and that was res Res. Yeah. It was only one, you know, regards to where it was in like when it was technically sound. He was patient. Nigga had patience like Sally Mae. Yeah. But you know, people ain't Finn pay Sally May. Right. That's kind of patient he had in the lines. So nothing I did would really work. He would arm bar. Yeah. He was always in position. And then his, his his ball skills.


He had the ball. You have the same ball skills. You and Derrick Stingey might be the only two I know that have elite ball skills that don't get impatient. They don't panic when the ball is There. That's the biggest thing. Nice and calm. Yeah. But he, he had that same thing. Yeah. One receiver gives you trouble if there was one. Right. It's okay to be, it's okay to be honest. Yeah. I'm gonna be honest. Like it is, it is a lot of great receivers, but I don't feel, no one just gimme me like, oh, it's just crazy trouble. No, but when I first came into the league, Antonio Brown though going against him as a rookie, I feel like okay, you know, this is really a matchup. Like he, he put pressure on me. Right. Right. But I mean it's a lot like Chase. Like that's a tough matchup and stuff like that. But I don't think guys in a, it's too many guys is really just I feel working me.


I ain't just getting out. Right, right. Okay, I got you. The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


Sometimes getting better is harder than getting sick. Waiting on hold for an appointment standing in line at the pharmacy. The whole healthcare system can feel like a headache. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy are changing that. Get convenient virtual care 24 7 with Amazon One Medical and have your prescriptions delivered right to your door with Amazon Pharmacy. No more lines, no more hassles, just affordable fast care. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon One, medical healthcare just got less painful. Learn more@health.amazon.com


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh. Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.