
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. Craftsman Days are here at Lowe's with big savings on the tools you need. Save $100 on the Craftsman V 26 tool, power Tool combo kit now at $199. No matter what the project is. Craftsman's high quality high performance products empower you to build on stop by your nearest Lowe store and check out the full line of Craftsman Tools today. Valid through six 18 while supplies last. Selection varies valid location, The volume.


Brandon Miller is reportedly the only untouchable player on the Hornet's roster. One opposing exec told who's wire that he's led to believe Brandon Miller is the loan untouchable. Charlotte Roster is the only loan untouchable on Charlotte's roster, though he doesn't think La Melo Ball or Miles Bridges will be moved. No one will pay what the Hornets or surely seeking for either player. The executive said, Joe, what do the Hornets need to do to become to just to make the playoffs? Damn man. They need some of their talent. They got over there to develop like Brandon, Brandon Miller. They need him to develop into a young mellow, gotta stay healthy.


Yeah. You need mellow to stay healthy. It there's so many components that that need to be in, in place for them to be a playoff team. I think they got some talent. Okay, Ocho. Yeah. It just seem like ain't nothing been going Charlotte way over these past few years, man. You know what I mean? So they might be a team who need to make some, make a few splashes Unc Ocho this summer. You know? I don't know what it is, but they need some help. Hey, they man. Well, if you, Hey, they need to get Meow, Meow up outta there, boy. Meow, Meow belong on one of them big market team. Boy. He's, I'm talking he box off. 'cause he's exciting to watch. He's one of 'em players. Like, man, you, you put the ball in his hand, man. Ain't no telling what the hell finna happen, boy.


Well, here's the thing though. Ojo, huh? Yeah. There's a lot of players, but is he gonna stay healthy? That's his problem. Is he box office? Yes. Can he put the ball in the basket? Yes. Can he stay healthy? No. Yeah. Damn. Availability. Yeah. That's, that's the best ability. It, nobody ever questions when Joel and B plays and he's good to go. Right. He's unstoppable. He's the closest thing to Shaq that we've got in the NBA when it comes to Unstoppability. Right. But I just don't know. Ocho, he might play 65, 70 games.


He might play 25 games. Mm. And I can't bank on that. Yeah. That's the problem that you have with these guys. Some of like Lalo and, and, and, and, and Joe and B the only thing is how healthy are they gonna be? How many games are they gonna play this year? Right. Phil got some money on Beat and, and Paul George. Yeah. That's crazy. Well, look, they already done, did they c Charlie got theirs. They had, they, they drafted Kobe traded him, drafted Shaa traded it.


Hey, hey look, they said what they, what they traded. What what they did is that they took Vladi Diva for Kobe. Yeah. Right. Kobe got the, so the Lakers got the draft rights to Kobe for Vladi. Mm. And then Shaa was traded to the Clippers for the swap swap pit. Yeah. But Well that, if that's the case, you should have just take Miles, bridges and then if that's what you wanted. I never understood that we What's that? We gonna select this guy like Vince Carter and, and Antoine Jameson was traded for each other, bro. They four and five just take, just take the guy or like, or, or, or Orlando and Golden State.


When Penny Onaway and Chris Webber came out. Yeah. Would you draft Chris Webber with Shaq? Why not just take Penny with the number one pick? Right. I don't get it, man. I don't know Charlotte. Y'all gotta make y'all gotta do something. Oh, I got some sad news. Ocho co-owner, Jim Erse passes away. He led the team since 1997 and presided over the what story franchisees Greatest Hess. He was 65 years a day. 65 years of oh, 65 years of age. Excuse me. Earlier today he posted on x his support for his Indiana Pacers and Herb Simon ahead of their opening game in the Eastern Conference finals New York Knicks.


He wrote Go Pacers. Good luck to Herb, the entire pacer organization and our city passed shortly after that. Mm. I've only met him a handful of times. Yeah. Most of the owners. I mean, let, let me lemme stop saying, most every owner that I meet, they're always gracious to me. They always, they respect the way you play really to love the way you do. You can tell you study love that you, You know, you love the NFL and we appreciate, wish we had more guys like you, all of them, Mr. Blank. Jim, when he was in, when he was with the, the, the, the Hornets Jerry Richardson all, I mean, I, I know all I know for the most part, all of them.


And they've always been very, very, very, You know, respectful to me. And it's, You know, death is never fair, man. You know, I I mean when you, when you, when you were young, it is like, damn. But now, You know, that's the one thing about it is it can't be fair. Can't. Yep. As you gotta take black, white gotta take young old gotta take men. Women got to. Yeah. And, and that's some point. And I, that's, that's the way, Hey Joe, the way I've always been, that's the way I live. I live the way I live Mom every day. I treat every day like it's my last. I'm always happy with him. Why you always smiling bro? Why you always laughing? Why you always telling people you love him everywhere you go?


Why would you meet people? You hug them, you hug them. You act like you done known him 30 years. Because I never know. I never know. So if they, if in in remembrance of whenever it's time for me to transition that moment, that one moment you always remember. It's always, always a good one. It, it'll always be a good one. The funny thing about life is when you're born, you never know when your expiration date is. No. You never know your expiration date is. So I always love to live life each day as if it's my last. Which is why I I I look at people that, that think they can no matter what you do. Huh? You know, if you believe in God, we understand God knows when that day is. You don't. But the reason people on earth have this inclination that there are certain things I can do in life that can extend that expiration data.


That's not the way it works. No, that's not, that's not the way it works. You can't extend anything. But when it's time to go and that knock coming to calling at the door, you hear me? When that knock all, when you coming home is the one appointment you can't reschedule. Mm. Man, stop playing man. Stop playing. It's the one, Hey, oh, I could eat this and I live a little bit longer or I can do this and I let I be what? Huh? What Man, if you don't get out here and live and enjoy yourself, enjoy before that time comes because you don't know. And so it's, I'm sure the 'cause he was a very generous man to the city of Indianapolis.


He loved his coats. Obviously his dad, I think his dad's name was Bob. His name, I think his daddy's name was Bob Ese. He took over for his dad. I think his daughter's gonna take over for him. Man, that's sad man. Rob. Yeah. They call it Bob. Yeah. I thought, yeah, but Jim Mersay gone at the age of 65 NFL Exec. Troy Vincent announces a new end of the year award Protector of the year recognizes the best offensive lineman each year.


Credit Dion, donkeys and others for champion the Cause. Ocho, who do you got winning the first one? Who do I have winning? Yep. If anything I would say is at Dion Dawkins. Right. And right title for, for the I'm going, I'm going Trent Williams or, or, or Big what you call em, right? Tackle Lane Johnson. Yeah. Okay. Lane Johnson Or, or Dion Orion. I'm go listen, I about that Chris Tru work might have something to say about that. Ocho Hey, W Worth might tackle, tackle example Tampa, but Tampa. Listen, I, I I understand that, but I'm saying what Dion Dawkin was able to do it that got Dion Johnson, trim Williams Mr few games.


Yeah. How we know how great Trent is. I didn't say Trent's name simply because he missed a few games. We, we know what he can do. But I think from a, from a point standpoint of being dominant all season long, man, what Dion Dawkins able to do and Leon Johnson, two, two tremendous players. So there, there's a protective year this year or this past season. I would, I would go with those two. Oh Browns fans are upset. Something the mayor said, Cleveland Mayor Justin Bibb said, I don't care if the Browns leave Cleveland. There are more important priorities than the Cleveland Browns. Hey. Yeah. Everybody says that until they leave St.


Louis. You know, St. Louis said that too. Yeah. Until they left and Arizona left. Oh, we want another team. And then guess what? The Rams came and then they left as the city of St. Louis where they like to have another NFL franchise. Absolutely. You know what it does for the, oh, great Oakland man, we don't care. They went to la Come back, come back, come back. They went back. We don't care if y'all leave. Ask Oakland. Do they want another team? Absolutely. If you understand what it does for the economy, having a team, having a franchise in your city, you'll understand. Be careful. Every network, network, be careful what you wish for Every network OCHO gave up.


The N-F-L-C-B-S gave it up. Hmm. NBC gave it up a BC. Monday night Football used to come on A B, C Remember that Ocho? Absolutely. They gave it all back. Hey, I remember the Lord. Now look at what they paying Netflix, Amazon. Now, I don't know if y'all notice, but keep an eye on when these cars, when these are in 2030, don't be surprised if your Sunday football is on Netflix and Amazon. They got NFL Don't cut nothing about no loyalty. Now I understand that NF L's been on CBS for a long period of time.


I know these ga I'm telling you, they got hoards of money, lots of it. Hordes of money. Top dollar. Hey, hey, hey. You ever think about that? Can you imagine if we had the kind of money, Joe? Oh, what you be ha us have that kind of money? Like I don't want that kinda money like Netflix. Hell no. Yeah. Amazon. No, Amazon. What if, Hey, what if we had money like Jeff Bezos? Oh no. Come on with Joe. Man, y'all, y'all don't know how that me. Oh me. No, I'm, listen Joe, I'm, I'm well off and I'm Rick. Well, you couldn't hit me in the ass with a red apple. You know what I'm saying? Don't you, you gonna gimme a quarter of a Bill Joe, man, please.


Hey, hey Joe, I don't, I don't really do much and I'm, I'm, I'm good now. I've been good for I tell you what, I don't really do much Joe Savannah State. Tell you what, if you gave me, if you gave me much, much more than what I have now, I mean I probably gonna do me much more. I'm gonna still be game and I'm still be McDonald's. You probably have a couple more cars. I tell you what, Savannah State gonna have the best go have the best HBCU football team. They gonna have the best band. They gonna have the best academic program. I guarantee you that. I can't guarantee a whole lot else. Right. But I guarantee you Yeah. Savannah State will be, the h would be the, the equivalent of Harvard, Yale, Princeton, of HBCU. I can tell who, whoever, whatever programs that they do have.


Right. Whatever the, at Harvard, Princeton and Yale. I'm going to get 'em. Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, I I would, I would probably do the same. Obviously never have an opportunity to go to fam but having such a love and enthusiastic passion for the school in general, but Oh God, do the same. Huh? I I would have, I have fan looking like a college university. It'd be better than, absolutely better than best uniforms. Best coaches. Yep. Best food treatment facilities, amenities. Hey, I'm going to get Nick Saber. Hey Nick Sa I got 20 million, I got $20 million. Nick Saban five years. A hundred million dollars. Man. They got Nick Saber coaching at Savannah State. You damn right.


Hey, well, hey, I, I, I, I have, I flipped Tallahassee upside down, man. And I'm going to get the coach at, I'm going to get the coach at Connecticut. I got $12 million a you year for you. I'll be, Hey, I, I'm spin man. I got 200 billion. That's, that's too much, man. Please, Glen. A tab. Oh yeah. We got the best track program. We got the best everything. Oh, absolutely. You know, You know what? I, You know what I would wanna do? Huh? If I, if I had Jeff Bezos type money, I would wanna own a team. I would wanna, you wanna, you want to own one? I wanna own a football team. Yeah. Like I, I like, I don't wanna be Well, you would have to overpay to get one.


You know that. I know, but you got that kind of money, so you don't really care. Yeah, but I, I seen him doing that in some point. Huh. H y'all see just Bezo getting a, getting a, a sports franchise. He had opportunity. He could have bought, he could have. He bought the Broncos. He coulda bought Washington. We won't let him in. They won't let him in. Huh? I don't, I don't think, I don't think he really wanted it. He, he probably waiting for, for hell. Oh. What you mean? Did they let the Walton just brought the Broncos? He worth a hundred plus billion. Ah mm. Hey. I just, I don't want, I honestly, Joe, I don't, I don't want no franchise. I just go like, Hey, set the kids up. Hey, this is all y'all get, y'all blow this y'all outta gas, but you outta gas.


I'm sorry but man, I'm too charitable. There gonna be a lot of kids. There gonna be a lot of kids. Hey Glenville High School. Hey, you graduate when you wanna go to college. Four years paid for. I like that. You've been thinking about some of this ain't your arm. Oh yeah, for sure. I already, I already got, I already got, I already got that money spit. They already know how I do after you a as track and field athletes in the world championships. And I gave about seven five. Did you? Yeah. Was it Olympics or the World Championship? Olympics. Olympics, yeah.


Win the gold medal. Breaking world record. Yeah. Oh, don't forget me. I wasn't on that too now. Yeah, but I'm saying Yeah, we, yeah, yeah. Hey Joe, You know, we, we, we, we blessed him a little bit. Okay. Okay. Oh, Southern. Hey, we went down to Southern. They they performed. Hook him up. Hook him up. Yeah. I, I, Hey, I'm, I like, like I said, they God know what he doing. He, he know not to gimme me no. 200, 200 billion. 'cause he already know. Damn. But hey, listen, You know, I think our, our chance to greater or getting that kind of money or really, really good, because he knows how hard he know we gonna do it that much. Yeah. Huh. So I'm, I'm going, I'm helping everybody. I, I'm helping people like in the natural disaster, like the fires or hurricane.


Yeah. Right. What y'all need. Yeah. Hey, hey Joe, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go play the lotto tomorrow. I'm, I'm, I don't, I'm just feeling love. Listen, if the Indiana Pacers could win a game like that tonight down what, 12, 12 or two minutes on the clock? Yeah. O man, I'm playing a lot, Joe. Okay. I'm a hit, I'm a hit and I'm gonna give a property. Oh, I tell you what, I am gonna do what? I'm gonna go to Nashville and I'm gonna buy me a farm. And I'm gonna have me some mini horses, some mini cows, some mini goats. Oh, hold on. I asked you that though. Why not go to you? Because I, I, no, I wanna be out.


I be No, absolutely not. No. It's gonna be trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble. Yes. I want many horses. I want many cows. I want some mini goats. I want me some dogs. I want me some animals. Like raccoon. Possums. I want pets. You want some raccoon Apostles? Yeah. For pets. I'm with you with the animals. But the raccoon apostle, I can't do the raccoon be, I want a raccoon so bad, man. Hey, lemme tell y'all something. When I played the University of Arkansas on the Nolan Richardson, he had a farm. He still got a farm. He still live on the same farm. And he had horses. He had great danes. And this man has deers that walk around the yard in the house like they dogs.


Deers real man. I'm, I'm 17, 18 years old on his farm. You know, he to throw all these events for, for the team, for the players. Yeah. Fight us over his wife cook God rest her soul. She just passed away not long ago. But man, I've never seen a deer walk up to you and let you pet him and rub him. Look, they all run together. The deers the great Danes. He got horses. He had four wheelers. He had to hold knives over there. Oh man. We should go over there and have a ball like that. I like that. Yeah. That's what I, that's what I'm gonna get. That's what I'm gonna get. Hey, but the Browns look Browns Club. I understand, I understand Mayor. Sometimes the, these owners try to squeeze you and add taxes, hotel taxes and sale taxes and things, and make you pay for the stadium and, You know, a three, 4 billion, You know, two, $3 billion stadium.


And you like, that's not, that's not what I want to use the citizens of Cincinnati for. Yeah. But if I, You know, if I had that kind of break, You know, I got, Jimmy has them. I mean, he's got good money. He don't have money. Like, You know, the top 50 people in the world. Right. But You know, Ojo, you got 250 bill. I'll build my own stadium. Yeah, man. I mean, bro, when you got, when you got $200 billion, what's 5 billion? That's like giving, it's like you o ocho that's like you right now. Just giving away by $10.


Yeah. Ba basically. Yeah. It's just making that kind of, making that kind of revenue. It's reoccurring and it's still getting it every year. It's not, it's not like he, it is not like he, he lost five. It ain't going bro. Laugh. Hey, Amazon, knock on my door by five. Ring my doorbell about five times a day. You have Tides going crazy. Yeah. So we gonna have to get in contact with Old Bezos. Alright. I get in touch with him. Alright. I got, I got his number. You got his number? Yeah. You know, You know me and me and the commission like this. And so the connection between the commission, it was able to, to link me with Mr. Bezos.


And You know, I, my, You know I am. Man, man, gimme your number man. Just in case, You know, keep that tucked. Yeah. Just keep in touch. You might need you for some business or something. Just keep that tucked away. Don't Yeah, Ocho, the NF NFL needed 24 boats to ban the tush push. Nah, they got 22. Here are the 10 teams. Here are the 10 teams that voted against the tush push band. Obviously the Eagles, Ravens, Browns, lions, Jags, dolphins, Patriots, saints, jets, Titans, every team that didn't vote, every team that chose not to vote against the tush push.


I salute you. I sal I salute you because at this point, so every time there's a play or there's a situation or there's a scheme that we can't stop in the off season, we're gonna go vote against it. We're gonna find a way to stop it because we can't personally, or we just don't have the personnel to stop the push force. Oh, we're gonna go vote. Like, come on man. This is where the game has come to stop it. If you don't like something. Hey, when I played teams, coaches, media, they complain. He always celebrate when he, when he get in the end zone. Well, hell shit, stop it. That's all. Keep him out. That's what they say about, oh man, t getting in the end zone. I said, y'all don't want t over to dance.


He might end zone dens on. Pretty simple. Same thing with T. You don't keep my dms on. He gonna dance. He gonna do whatever he gonna do. Grab pompoms, he gonna get popcorn. He gonna do whoever dance it. Is he gonna do it? If you don't want him to dance, keep my Ds on. Simple. Simple as that. So when it comes to, when it comes to the tush, keep him out the short. Keep, keep him out the red zone. Keep out 30. Keep him outta 31 30. He outta one. One, one. Yeah. Keep him out. Can go. There you go. Oh, Joey reported that tempers flared during the debates. Eagles honor Jeffrey lower during a length lengthy speech on the tush push band called the play a win-win for the team, regardless of whether it was bad, comparing their success, success to a, a wet dream for a teenage boy.


Because it, because it was so effective and it had to be outlawed. Laur also criticized. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and executive Vice President Troy Vincent for pushing Toban the play. After Laur finished Vincent who played for the, for the Eagles from 96 to oh three, called him out for using the term wet dream in front of women per se worker sham. Ugh. You gotta, you gotta choose your words wisely. Yeah. Listen, there's all men in the, if it's all men in the room, Bon Joe. It's okay. Yeah. It's like we in the barbershop. Yeah. We talk openly.


There's women, there's kids in there. Yeah. We keep the pg change the sentence structure. That's all, that's what I call it. Yeah. Change the sentence structure. And we, we, we, we get, You know, Hey, I, I I don't really see the comparison because they didn't have an outlawed that phase that A-A-A-A-A boy goes through. They haven't outlawed it that I don't think they're trying to outlaw Ocho. But I think, I think part of me wants to understand what he was trying to say, but, right. I got it. Got it. I didn't get there. I didn't get there like he got there. Right. I, I understood.


We were trying to go with it. I was picking up what you putting down O Joe Fox released their top wide receiver duos heading in the next season. Number one, obviously Jamar Chase, Joe Burrow, right. Number two, Dak Prescott, CD, lamb number three. Jerry Goff, Allman Ross, St. Brown, number four. Jalen Hurtz, AJ Brown, number five. Matthew Stafford, hookah Kuah, number six. Baker Mayfield and Mike Evans. Ty for seventh with Jayden. Daniel and Terry McCluen. And along with Lamar Jackson and Zay Flowers. Number nine, CJ Stroud, Nico Collins, number 10.


Tua and Tariq also receiving votes. Honorable mention Josh Allen, Khal Shakur, Justin Herbert, lab Macon, Trevor Lawrence, Brian Thomas, Jr. Jalen, Herz, Devonte Smith. Joe Burrow, t Higgins. What did they get right? What did they get wrong? You know what I wish I, I wish I had, I could have this. What was this on? Huh? Do You know what site this was on? It was on Fox. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Fox Sports. Hold on. It's on the screen though, Joe. The screen is so small. You can see that. Yeah. You click on it, you can click on it on the screen on the No, you can't.


Nah, you can't, you can't. I'm talking about to make it big on your own world. On what he looking at. Oh, you can do that. Oh, you looking at it O Joe? Yeah, it's right here. It's right above your head. But You know, it's like a, you can't double tap, you can't double tap that screen and make it pop up big on your, on your screen right there. Oh shit. It made it smaller. Well, hey, get some, hey, get some bigger eyes. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold. Lemme see if I can make it bigger. Damn, I can't. Nah, now I'm, I'm going back through. Damn. I can't, I can't see it. Let see. Based on what I know, I know they got Joe. Right. I know they got Joe right now. They said, they said duos. We talking about quarterback number one.


Receivers jam is up there. Number two. Number two I lamb. That's right, ain't it? Who? Yeah, I can see the lamb. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, who is that? Who is that at number three? Jerry. Jerry Goff and Norman Ross. St. Brown. That's, that's a good one. So what they got the Eagles at four. Eagles at four with Jalen Hurst and AJ Brown, Matthew Stafford, and P and Ko at five. Okay. Baker Mayfield and Mike Evans at six J. Ash just texted to you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you Ash. So I, so I, I get, I I can see it a little better. Thank you mama.


Okay, now we're talking, You know what this the, the order this this is about is about right. Yeah. This, this is right. This is right. And, and what was, what was not fair obviously, because AJ Brown doesn't get as many opportunities as a Mon a Ross St. Brown. I would, I would, I would've kind of flipped that and I would put Baker Mayfield in front of Pook Naco and Matthew Stafford. And I put Matthew Stafford and Ko at, at six and I put Baker Mayfield and, and Mike Evans. Mike Evans at five. The Jane Dames is okay. It was their first year.


Lamar Za Flowers is perfect. Nego Collins. Whoa. Ni Cols. CJ Stroud deserved to be up a little higher. Think you Yeah, I'm, I'm putting, I'm putting CJ SCH college at seven. I'm putting them at seven. So really, really, at, at seven you could have, and I don't like the fact that Tyreek and Tour, just because they had an off season, they, they all the way down at 10 because when they on fire, he, so who you gonna put 'em in front of? Oh. So coming into this year, where you gonna put him? I'ma alright. Coming into this year for the sake of them having a down season, because the tours injuries last year.


He, we, we, we can keep him at 10, but we know two and Tyreek is own uncle. You already know what type of production that is. Yeah. But we saw Brian Thomas. We Hey, I, I don't know who gonna be what you call him. 'cause I mean, just imagine if Malik Neighbors had a quarterback. Oh. And he still had a great year. Mm, he had 109 catches. He had a great catch. But hold on, You know who not on here? Which I don't understand why he's not on here. Probably, probably because of Trevor Lawrence. That goddamn Brian Thomas Jr. Now he, Brian Thomas Jr. Should be on here. Then this fight has, wait who, who is quarterback it? That's the point. It don't even matter who his quarterback is. Look at his numbers as a rookie.


Easy. Yeah. God damnit boy down there, down there in that adult ballet room. Yeah. The nose snot in anything. I guess Lu, I guess Luxury. Luxury gave you, You know, look, look, he can't get together over there. You know we can see you right? Don't you? Oh shit. His man don't care. Little further off street. Oh shit. The other way. Yeah.


My bad. O Joe. The cat says the Cowboys are number two for clickbait. Chad thinks they're too high, right? Nah, they not to cry. They, they not to cry. Even if you don't like the Cowboys. Even if you don't like the Cowboys and the defense was horrible. They always losing the first round of the playoffs. Now we talking about from a quarterback and receiver standpoint of production that those two put up together, especially last season. They had a great year together last year. And that, You know, that was year before last. Huh? You remember that got hurt last year? Year? That was year before last. Yeah, year before last. When cd, when CD led the league in catches. Right. Well, matter of fact, if that's what we gonna do, if that's what we gonna do and they gonna put him at number two. Well, hell, the year before last Tyreek went, went, was, was, was the animal. So they, well they said they, they said coming in, but they basic it on coming into this season.


Okay. Okay. What do you think that this season? Right. Well they're looking at that is held back healthy. Yeah. And he has someone opposite of CD that you can't double it. Right. Okay. I, I, I understand. I understand. I I like this though. I like this though. I would, I would ocho did you see this video, Aaron Donald with 130 pound dumbbells. Ooh, I see. Look at this. How many refs do you Think you would do with these ocho? He one 30, maybe eight at most. I mean, I'm, I'm just be honest, maybe eight at most. Damn. Oh, he can do something with 'em. One 30.


Yeah. Nine. He playing around. Man, I You know your boy. The, I ain't, I ain't what I used to be Joe. You said what I do. I had them. How many I do remember I did, I had 1 32 and a half. Yeah I did 1 32 and a half. I did those for 10. Hey look, when you done playing, when you done playing, that's a part of you that kind of sticks with you. Especially if you love like staying in shape. Yeah man. Yeah. Hey Joe. Not all of 'em do that Joe. I know, I know. Not all of 'em. And you see some of them boys now you be like, bro, what happen to, You know, I know it's, hey, it's so you like, hey, there's some dbs and running back look like D-line and old lineman. I'm like, I always want, I always said I wanted like if a father and son were to see me, like he used to be an NFL player.


Right? Oh, I could see he played tight end. Okay. Okay. I could see that. Yeah. I didn't wanna look like a d lineman. I didn't wanna look like an offensive lineman. I wanted to look like, okay, people look at me, they say, oh you, you played a sport, what you play? Right. I can tell some of 'em, man. Hey, yeah. Nah, nah, it's some guys I who kind of just let go. Yeah. And I, I'm never, I'm never with that. I'm, I'm a guy who I always love being in shape, You know what I mean? Like, I, I enjoy that part of it. So I enjoy the grind. I embrace the grind actually. And it's, it's fun to me, man. So when I see big Aren Donna out there throwing them, them one thirties around, I'm like, yeah, he ain't even playing no more. That man's still out there getting it.


Yeah. I, I, I mean for me, I mean the, to, to, they just hold lifting that heavy weight. Just hold too much weight on me Joe. He just hold, Hey man, Joe, if I try, if I try to get down on the two 50, I gotta let them, I gotta let, I can't go over a hundred. Yeah. Because my ego won't let me stop. Hey Joe, I'm here. I'm gonna hit them one 30 for you in the morning, Joe. You know I'm, I'm, I got my gym session at, at at 6:00 AM I'm make them one 30 for you. Man. You ain them one 30. That's how you, you coming like that? Yeah, Joe, You know, I, I gotta play around with them hundreds. I just, You know, I post them hundreds all the time. On, on, on Twitter and Instagrams. Oh. So one 30 I'm gonna go up tomorrow.


See, see, see what I'm looking like, see what I can do. Alright. Not much. You ain't doing them one thirties. Let's bet you want bet now. Put put some mind on it. I mean, it's not how many times you going hit it? None. Zero. I wanna know. 'cause when I see you, when I see you trying to toss, toss them one 30 and I wanna see how many times, I mean how many times you telling me you going hit that one 30? Not one. Hey, hey Joe, I told you how many times you gonna do it? Hey Joe, on Twitter you could, somebody will send it to you. Right? People in the chat, they'll see you. Me playing around with hundreds doing 10, 15. So if I could do 10, 15 with a hundreds, Inc. Kline, or decline, what you think I'm gonna do with the one 30? I'm, I, I don't know.


I haven't did one 30 in a minute. Nothing. Okay. You want be, yo, we gonna see tomorrow, Joe. I'm, I'm, I'm send it to you. Alright. I'm real. I'm, I'm real strong. I just, I'm scrawny though. You hear me? Yeah. You always been like that. Like you probably can't Yeah. Pick up a lot of weight, but you, but my body won't expand the way I want to expand. You feel me? Yeah. Like right now, like right now is probably my biggest I ever been like, right now I'm about, honestly about about 1 96. Mm. Yeah. I'm about about 1 96. And I, and I, I can't get, I can't go over that Joe. I got a problem eating three meals a day. So Look, even if even the way you eat, you ain't got no, you, you can't pick up no weight.


Nah man, Joe, that's my problem. My baby be trying to get me to eat three times a day, Joe. I eat one meal a day, I'm good. Yeah. The whole day. The whole day don't care. Nothing about nothing else. I'm on the game. I take me a nap, get ready for the show and she be like, did you eat? I be like, damn, no. One McNeil one day and I'm good and I'm satisfied the whole day. Smoke my cigar, get my coffee and I'd be set if I, if I was able to be, and I seeing you there a little bit more discipline S one and actually eating three meals a day. You know, breakfast, lunch and dinner, work out, You know, creatine and protein, all that. Did you feel No, I just get up, go to the gym, eat that breakfast after that and I'm done to rest.


Happy do it. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, back in the, back in the day, Joe, I used to bad look here when I was playing at 2 28, I could handle a hundred. Those s seventies, I did the hundred seventies for six. Damn. Yeah, it's too, because I used to work. I used to, like when I first went to Baltimore, yeah. I would work out by myself 'cause I ain't really know anybody and I ain't really trust nobody to spot. And You know, a lot of times I work out by myself. Anything else I took, I took the 4 0 5 down, did it six times by myself. Mm. Sounds like I probably could have got seven. But I al I always, when I work out, I always leave one in the chain. Chain. Yeah.


Always. Especially by yourself. You, you messing around against Oh, always. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I can't, can't afford to get stuck with four, five on me. So I got six. I was like, I thought about it, I contemplate. I said nah, let me go ahead and rack it. See, and then like, and in football, You know, y'all, y'all, y'all like real bulky. Yeah. You know what I mean? Basketball, we real lean. It's Yeah. You, you don't need all that, that strength. You mess your shot of all that strength of your shoulders. Yeah. And because we do so much running, it's hard to keep that type of muscle on. So when I see and, and, and and and Shaa and how they all cut up and ripped up. Man, that shit that take a lot of work man.


Yeah. Yeah. That take a lot of work. And I would stay, I would stay strong Joe. I would stay strong probably till about week 12, week 13 until my shoulders start getting really sore. 'cause I was still do it. I could still do up until probably week 14, 15. I still could do like three 15 for like 12 mm. Man. That's, I probably, I could still handle like 120 pound dumbbells for like eight. Hey that's, but after that I, that's, that's squat waiting for me. 404 15. Three 15. That's squat waiting for me. Yeah. Ocho they got a new thing called enhanced game to debut in 2026 allowing PED use in Olympic style events.


Oh. That according to ESPN, the enhanced league, which will feature Olympic style sports announced plans to host an exactly one year. Its first annual competition in which athletes would be allowed, if not outright encouraged to use peds like steroids, testosterone and growth hormones that are typically illegal to possess but banned in sports. Not typically illegal is legally to possess in some situations, but banned in sports. Drugs that are illegal in the United States won't be permitted. However, an athlete must reveal which drugs they're taking and undergo medical screening though not plans are to enforce the drug testing program.


The game will feature eight different events. Swimming will hold 50 meter, a hundred meter races in freestyle and butterfly track will hold a hundred meter sprint, a hundred, 110 hurdles, weightlifting, feature snatch, clean jerk and yeah, snatch and clean jerk. Man, you gonna ask, you might see some, you might literally see somebody clean the jerk 600 pounds. Nah. Oh, come on. Huh? That's way too much now. Well, lunch is telling Scott saying he did damn near five 80. Yeah. And them dudes be broke all up when they done ain there some. Yeah. Like 80 some of lose, some of 'em lose a lot of weight.


I mean, woo. I'm I'm curious to see what some of the records will look like. Oh. But I don't know if they'd be ratified because you gotta be in a government sanctioning body for it to get ratified. Yeah. I just like, if you run, let's just say somebody run 9 5 7, they're not gonna give them the record. Nah. I just wanna see if somebody even even accomplish that with the enhanced. With the enhanced. I still, I believe Pocho, I'll go to my grade believing had Usain Bolt not pulled up in, in, in, in the last 10 meters. Right. I believe he run, he he might run sub nine five.


Yeah. You gotta realize he started doing sideways 10 meters to go and ran 9, 6, 8. Yeah. So just imagine because he was so excited. Just imagine had he had run through the line well he would move boy he was booking. I still believe it's gonna be a long time. It might be a situation where just like Flo Joe's record, it's gonna be safe for an extended period of time. Right. I I don't, I don't believe anybody, I don't believe anybody going 10, 50, 49. Ain't nobody gonna beat both. I don't see anybody. I Man, ain't nobody even been close. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody been under 10, 9, 6.


Ain't nobody been, I mean we hadn't had somebody go under 9 7, 9 Johann Blake and, and and, and Tyson Gay eight 2009. So think about where we are now. We hadn't even kept somebody. Nobody's even gone on. Has anybody gone under 9, 7, 5? That boy was must, was must watch tv. Yes. Nine running. Boy man, I'm, I'm what, what's the pay? Is the pay gonna be equivalent or is the pay gonna be better than what it is, You know, with the Olympics? Because I mean, I don't understand. I mean, Olympics ain ain't like the Olympic pay you, I mean your, your money for the Olympics is basically in sponsorship.


So you gotta be somebody like a Cindy McLaughlin or no Lowes because most of the pe most of the women, men and women that compete, that little stipend they get from the US Olympic Committee ain't really doing a whole lot ocho. Yeah. They, they need to make, they need to fix. No, you gotta work at, You know, you got other jobs, you Home Depot or Lowe's or whatever you in one of these programs or something like that to fix that. They need, they need that. Because think about it Ocho remember we had this conversation. What other country are playing for gold? For gold medals and silver medals. Who was first China right? Was it China? Nah, there was this one country like dude got a, like a condo, got a house talking about taking care of your, taking care of your people.


Yeah. Mm. That's crazy. Usain Bolt, Royal record of 9 5 8. Johann Blake ran 9 6 9. Tyson Gay ran 9 6 9. Ooph Powell had the world record at 9 7 2 Justin Galer run 9 7 4 Andre Degrass. It was win aided. He ran ran 9 7 5. I don't believe nobody's run 9 7 5 in the last decade since those guys ran those nine. Those nine seven or I mean not 9 5 8 9 6 9 9 6 9. I don't think anybody, I got a question too. Yeah. Seeing these high school kids out there at Houston, they keep talking about they ran nine nine.


Oh that boy, that boy he from San Antonio. Tate I'm say yeah 9 9 9 9 2. Hell, they got a kid in Georgia just ran 9, 9 8. Texas. Texas, You know Texas, they different out there in Texas? Hell yeah. I Think you had to run sub ten two to get fifth place fifth. But are they really that close to our elite Yes. Being athletes. Yes. You see the kid from, you seen the kid that wasn't from, from Bulls in Maryland, he ran 44 20. Yes. Yes. These kids a dead, they doing it now Ocho Well listen, hey, they starting young too.


Yes. Just like guys play basketball and football in a young age. These kids start running and, and specializing at a very young age. Yeah. I had a guy I was talking to out here in Georgia and he was like, man, You know will take eight, nine year olds when it come to baseball. You gotta start them about at three, four years old. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. You gotta be able to see how to hit that curve ball. That's louder of that change up. Yeah. Because after you get to a certain age, you get scared of the ball. Yeah. So I gotta get you young enough where you don't, you, you have no inhibitions. Right. That's like people that, You know, people that handle snakes and things like that.


They start very, very young when you don't have inhibitions where you like, because if you, if you just take a, you take a a two or a 3-year-old and sit and put a snake down there, the first thing they gonna do is try to pick it up. Yeah. Because they haven't been taught to fear it. Right, right, right. Or I gotta get you in a situation where you don't fear it. That's why you, if a kid want to swimming what you do, you start by young. They don't fear the water. Right. They have no comprehension of how dangerous the water is. They so, so when you playing baseball, I gotta put you in a situation where you don't fear getting hit by the ball shit. And that hey, and that and that curve ball. Damn Sure. Make you feel like you about to get hit.


Hey, you gotta, hey you gotta sit there. You gotta sit down. Gotta sit on there O Joe Donut. All right. We're gonna get you here on this one. Don't yo time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and eight Fans and Jay said niece Smith made shops in prime time. Like it was ones we all made in our childhood backyard hoops with no witness. Dude balled out. He absolutely did. Big shot after big shot after big shot. I don't know. Look, I don't know what he go.


This right here gonna show this to the kids. Grandkids. Yeah. I don't know if he got kids, but hey, you say this one, you should make sure you get that game ball. Fourth quarter you scored 20 points. Yeah. 20. 20. And you ain't in a conference. In a conference finals game. And you ain't first, second, no third option. Come on man. Come on. It's possible. See you see how it's possible. So when I tell y'all I can come off the bench and score 28, you don't think that's possible? Nah, nah, ain't close. Alright. I'm I'm just saying that there's a small example of someone doing it. The man that man a professional athlete. He, he, he, he's a starting small for for the Indiana Paces.


Who what you, what you, what you think I'm You you a ninja. That's talking on the A ninja that's talking, that's talking on YouTube podcast. Hey, who think he can do everything? Son. Listen nigga talk on YouTube. But that was funny. Everywhere JR JR 9 0 8 said trash being thrown Stephen a alone.


Nicks on the phone. Hello Faces five, five. Oh man. Pity pad man. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Pacers in five fans New Jersey said New York Knicks play Pacers playoff Rival is one of the all time sports. Yeah. They normally come down to, You know, game five and we see Reggie when Reggie hit all scored all those points in that one moment and we see Patrick Newton you and get a dunk put back and then the following year he missed the layup right at the cup. Hey Eddie, it been good. Pace has been great.


A dab Smith said the most mixed way to lose. Mm. Because you could feel the energy and excitement in, in Madison Square just by watching the game and you could, they wanted to erupt. You could tell when they had that 14 point lead Uncle Ocho I could, I could, I could feel 'em celebrating over here on this side. I could feel it. I knew, I knew they was happy. But boy, look, that lead started trickling down and once I seen Indiana cut it to like two or one, I said, oh yeah, yeah it is a ride. It's gonna be a, it's gonna, they got a fighting chance. What? Kurt said io. Do you remember Kobe Gerald Wallace combo? Kobe and Gerald Wallace?


Yeah. And they, was he the Kobe stopper? Nah. Nah, I didn't think so either. Nah, what what? I thought it was Bruce Bow. Was it Bruce Bow? It was like, he was like, what's his name's last name Patterson. He played for the Blazers. They called Patterson. They used to call him the Kobe stopper. Kobe. Kobe told him up. Who else they used to call it Kobe stopper. They used, man, You know Gerald Wallace used to be? Yeah. Gerald Wallace, Gerald Wilkins, Dominique brother Dominique. Yeah. Yeah. Was was the Jordan stop. He was, he wasn't a Jordan stopper or he always, nobody was a Jordan stopper age cigars. And cognac was the Jordan stopper because when he was in his prime, ain't nobody a wasn't nothing nobody could do with him.


Nothing at all. Nothing. Mikey Banks say the best thing for SGA with that Supermax Sha represents himself. All that money is his. Yeah. If you a guy that can gonna get the supermax, you really don't need an agent. Oh, he don't got no agent? Nope. He fired him for doing, doing it. He Hey. 'cause if you do your part on the court, hey look, don't matter who represents you. They gonna give you supermax. They gonna come. What do Antman need an agent for? Antman gonna get the Max Supermax. Right. Yogi gonna get the supermax. Hey. That's why I commend Lamar Lamar and his mother for for taking care of his contract. Yeah. And you don't need it. Don't use him. Ke Norwood Jr.


Said got got the Knicks versus the timber wolves in the NBA finals. My question is, if you were the GM in the NFL, who would you be your first overall pick? Lamar Jackson, Michael Vick or Cam Newton Man. Who you picking first? Ocho. And she asked you, they did ask you, Hey, don't put that on me. I already, what do you already know? I mean, knowing what I know now, knowing, knowing what I know now to take Lamar, I would take Lamar Cam, Mike two of the three. Number one overall picks. Right. Mike Vick was the number one overall pick and Cam was a no on pick. Hey listen. And and Lamar was 32. Yeah. Okay. Oj I wa I was here playing for the Hawks.


When, when we had the Mike Vick era. Yeah. They big experience, experience. Mike. Listen, listen, I had, I had season tickets to the Falcons game and man, let me tell y'all something, it was nothing like it, brother. I already know. I told you had to be, I and I tell people this all the time, Joe. You had to be there to witness witness it. Hey, it was, listen what I'm talking about. 'cause You know we would play sometime early Sunday game 12 note. Man. We be rushing out there just to, just to walk over to the, to the arena to catch the Falcons play. Hey. Yeah. Hey man, that was different bro. Hey, that was different. He was special man. Hey or Joe, check this out. We got a little video, little something I was doing a little something I put together.


Joe, tell me what you think Joe. I see what you got. Lemme see what you got going on. Come on. He throwing, he ain't doing nothing. Making love in them sixties. Are them only sixties kilos? Yeah. Oh, what a minute. What, what, what? How much that is? What's 1 21 27 1. How many? 1 32. How many times you hit that? Huh? That's 132 pounds. You all right, I'm gonna make me a video in the morning. I'll show you. I don't know how many, how many times did I hit that Joe? You had I was, that was seven. We hit it. That was seven. Okay. Hey on here it is. We gonna see it.


1, 2, 3, 4 came with eight. I got eight. You know I'm eight. Don't sleep on o shade. Don't sleep on, on shake. Yeah. Alright. I don't move fast like I used to, but hey, as long as you got some motion. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. As long as you got some motion. That little, little something, little something don't show. So I'm just saying don't you? Yeah. Now, now that's, that's 200.


That's a 1 32. That's 264 pounds. Now if you don't gimme my money, you going to see that strength again? Are you talking to me Ocho? Oh you gotta, when you talking you gotta address the person you're talking to. You ain't say no name the person that owe me 5,200. That's turning into 5,900. If you don't pay me my money, you gonna see that strength again. Mm. I like, I like that. I like that. I like it. Okay. Check this out. Ocho. Casey Taylor says, speaking of competition, UNC ocho too many NFL quarterbacks running back wide receivers. Who would you want to compete on the US flag football a tournament with NFL players making their own team professional flag. The, the, if the NFL played a professional flag football team, they gonna lose.


They get they ass whooped. I don't know why y'all, why y'all think y'all think y'all can just take these guys? Just because these guys are professional football players. These guys play professional flag football. There's a difference. And for, for the, for the hundred time. If you take a professional flag football team and you take the best NFL players against that flag football team and they played a hundred times the flag football team will annihilate the NFL players a hundred god damn times are, You know Yes. The best ones every time. Yes. That's just like saying, that's just like saying the, the University of Florida because they won the national championship.


Oh they'll beat the worst NBA team. You and I both know that ain't happening. That ain't happening. Oh. We ocho how many times we go through this man, Alabama won, man Alabama beat the Cleveland Brown, Alabama beat the Jas, Alabama get their ass toe slam up. I don't know what y'all, I don't know what y'all thinking, but ain't no college beating no professional football team. I don't think no college be no professional football team. But when you say flag football and you and y'all tell me you give some of the top guys in the NFL give 'em a little time so they can gain some chemistry. Oh, now You know we not speaking man. Now we, we not doing ain't no ain't no we they just going out there and place. Going out there and playing The nuances, the nuances and the nuances of the flag football game, which the NFL players aren't used to in the way.


Those that play flag football can manipulate the game because they know the advantages that they have. Yeah. NFL players ain't winning that. Yeah. I don't care how fast, how strong. That don't got nothing to do with the game of flag football. No. The advantages that they have on Sundays at one o'clock, they don't matter in flag football. Beta Oja What? I got ojo. Wait, wait, what's that boy? It's the 56 annual NAACP Image Award. Outstanding Podcast Society and Culture Club. Shay Shay, Shaha Media. Shannon Sharpe. Well damn Congrat. Think you anything to say congratulations.


Did you anything to see your boy want Ocho? What? That's all I got Ocho mo another one for me. Look, they gonna finish out web award Ocho. We gonna get our webs. Hey, hold on. When Oh, we, we missed it. Yes. Damn. I wanted to go up there and say I fucking love you again. Hey, I got a Emmy over here. You do? Hell yeah. Yeah. I got a Emmy. Where Emmy at? It's upstairs. Okay. Yeah. Okay. What's that? That for me.


What it look like? Ocho Hey, how you got that? Don't worry about it. That's, that's, that's, that's beach high. I don't know. You tell me. Yeah, but that must be hey, but that's nice. Well when you get that, you reached out to my school or something Ocho, I ain't bothering nobody. I'm in my home. No, but I'm trying understand how you got my high school jersey. Why do you worried about it? I paid for it. But who? They sent it to me. Who sent it to you? Ocho. You ain't get no residual from that hall or the high tides. Is that, is that the name of your team? Is that the name of your team that Baptized? He baptized. Hey Joe.


You know who all went to school with me? Who? Smart Samari Row. That's, You know, that's my little cousin. Oh really? Dwayne Stocks. Dwayne Stocks went there too. Terry Cousins. Remember Terry Cousins coach? Yeah. Yeah. All us. All us was on the same team. I was the baby. Hey, but send me, yeah, send me them jerseys so I can frame put. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I could put him in my garage. Put place 5,900. You can get get them. Can y'all Oh, y'all can see it back there.


I'm just making sure y'all can see the NAACP image of war I You throw it up? Yeah, you can see it. You can see it. Hey, I ain't listen. You keeping all the awards. I ain't got no awards. Look, all I got is the Nightcap sign. Hey, you gonna get you right Old Joe? Yeah. 'cause I I What happened to the camera Joe? I'm blurry. Oh, that came back. It came back. Yeah. Yeah. That better. I like that right there. I like that right there. Like that right there. You know. You heard me? Huh? What at, you got all the awards behind you? 'cause you won't send me none. Look at, look at me. You got your awards. Wait, where they at? Where they at? Where they at? I don't know what you did with the awards.


All I got is a black wall. I don't know what you did with your awards, but you got this, you got the web just like I got the web. As a matter of fact, you took the webby that night matter. Matter of fact, You know what I think I know. I, I know where my ward is at. Okay, so can you, can you call, can you call and tell him to send me my, send my, my shit. That's it. Ocho you not finna get me involved in your bull drive. Nah, ain't, ain't no job. You just said not to ask for nothing back. I was so, I would need your help in extending that Grace. And do you got, you got your plaque, your million subscriber plaque? Yeah. They, they, yeah, they took all, they took that too.


You got the a hundred thousand subscriber plaque? She, she, she took that, she took that too. You got the Signal Award? Synopsis Award. You got the Synopsis award? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You got everything? You got everything that I got that I want. That we won. Yes. I just explained to you that they and we and, and, and we got three more Webbys. Well, hey Unc, just, just do me that favor, do me that Grace and I make that call. So have him ship, have to ship, have have him ship it to you and then you ship it to me. She right down the street. Oh, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.


Oh, I Richard Smalls 2320 says Start bitch cut. Unc Gronk, Kelsey start Kelsey Binge Gronk, I'm gone. That was, that was a good order. That was a good, that was a good, yeah. I ain't got no problem with that. That I'm, I'ma start, I'm gonna start now. Hell no. I'm, I'm star unc, I'm a binge Gronk. I'm gonna cut Kelsey. I'm kidding about Yeah. That's my dog. You know what I'm Star. Oh shit. What? Talking about Trace Scott said, what are y'all undisputed goats like Bolt and Phelps. There ain't no like no goat and Phelps. That man got all them damn gold medals. That man got 23 gold medals.


Ain't nobody doing that again. Ain't nobody doing that. I mean, the only person that's closest is Larissa Latina, the great Soviet gymnast. Ain't nobody gonna get to get them them that many medals. Ain't nobody gonna stick around that long. Right. And, and swim that many events. Right? No, you wanna say Simone Biles. Okay. In gymnastics, Simone Biles, all those world championships, she's got, she's got moves named after some of the moves that she's done. They've outlawed Jaime Lopez, the great Greco-Roman wrestler from Cuba who's won.


I mean, I mean for Bold to win gold medal, I mean, first of all, there's only two men that's ever won. I mean, he had the record, he had the gold given to him because Ben Johnson tested positive. But prior to that, no man had ever won back Toback Gold medals in the hundred. He triple he no man had ever won back Toback Gold to the 200. He competed and he won three gold, then a four by one, one got rescinded because the guy tested positive. But I mean, gold, I mean, bolt is bolt, bolt and Phelps.


It ain't close. I mean, what are we talking about here? Q Zig said Ocho ain't paid yet. Can this 4 99 go towards it? Ocho you old me. He want, he putting $5 towards your debt. I appreciate that. Matter of fact, if if if the whole chat, if he had the whole chat and tribute five, five $20, I mean, I can, it could be, it could be paid off by tonight. And what happened? I'm saying the Shaq contributed $20 to to the, to the OCHO fund to pay unc. No, you gonna pay unc.


I know, but that the chat is my, oh, see, there you go. You sound like that pastor talking about you gonna close the chat off until they start donating. But close, close the chat. Close the chat. Dr. Frankie Fel, doc, how doing, Hey fam, my husband completed his last treatment for prostate cancer today. Huh? I know you remember this journey all too well. I do. When, when I tell you God is good, that's a truly an understatement, man. Please get your checkups. Absolutely. Absolutely. Go get your colonoscopies. If you, I mean, if you have a history, if started getting tested when I was 35 because of my family history and whew.


Got it tested. I got tested like a month before I was supposed to go out to work at Fox. Undisputed. I got tested in July. As a matter of fact, my results came back like a week before I was supposed to go. I had the surgery in 2017. It's a little, it gets a little going through TSA because I still got those pellets inside those lead pellets inside of me. But Doc, I understand what you said. When you say God is good, You ain't good. He great. That concludes this episode of Nightcap.


What an exciting game. Down 14. With under three minutes to go, the Indiana pace has come back and tied in regulation and winning and overtime by the score of 1 38, 1 35, Tyree, Halliburton and Aren Nesmith played sensational. The entire team played really well. They didn't turn the ball over, they turned the Knicks over and every big play they, every, every clutch shot and big play they need to make down the stretch. They made it. They snatch home court after one game. Can they get game two on Friday? We'll find out. But the Indiana Pacers are one oh in the NBA Eastern Conference finals.


Thank you guys for watching another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's on bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and discuss all things basketball is our contributor extraordinaire. We wanna thank him again, Joe, for coming on with us. Arkansas, little Rock alum, a native, excuse me, little University of Arkansas alum. That's ISO Joe. That's Joe Johnson. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you each and every last one of you that joined the chat and all of you that have ever joined the chat.


Thank you for your support and your continued support because without you, there is no Nightcap. There is no unc, there is no ocho. So we thank you. There's no ISO Joe contributed. So thank you very much and hopefully you'll continue to support Nightcap. Please go check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock. If you can't find it, any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they are gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Pacers beat the Knicks.


1 38, 1 35 to take a one oh lead game two Friday night. Thank you guys for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow. I'm Ocho Joe. We're out. The volume okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree, changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's xper sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.