
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. A person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


This is John Minoff from Three and Out with John Minoff. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything, brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people Love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book every point counts. Download the DraftKings SPORTSBOOK app, use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. HELP is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


is And one of the most stunning moves in college football history. Six time Super Bowl winning coach Bill Belichick was named the new head coach of North Carolina UNC officials said the size. Agreed on a five year deal pending approval from the board of trustees, which is held an emergency meeting Thursday. Bill 72 worked in the NFL capacity since 1975 until the divorce January 11th, 2023. After 24 seasons with the Patriots. This will be Bill's first co college coaching job. His dad, I think coached from North Carolina from 53 to 55.


He's very fond of his dad. He loves his, he ados his dad as a matter of fact, if I'm not mistaken, he named his son after his dad. Yeah. So with that being said, I told you Ocho, my sources, he was very upset that him being as credentialed as he is. Amen. All these head coaching vacancies came available. He didn't get one and And and He didn't get one. Don't you? I'm happy for I'm happy for Bill. Let, let, let me, let me say that I'm happy for Bill, but the chemistry, the aura and the energy that we have on inside the NFL has been so dope being able to work with Bill, being able to see him break down film and, and and, and break down schemes and some of the things that, that, that go on in the football games and, and being able to listen to him and, and see how he sees the game from his per his perspective and his viewpoints.


So God damn dope Unc man. It was so, it was so dope. Yeah, it's so dope. And I'm not sure how, how soon this starts or when he has to leave or or whatnot, but I'm assuming if he just, if he just signed, he signed the five year, I'm assuming he's leaving, you know, right away. So I'm not sure if he's gonna Yeah, I'm not. Yeah, you gotta, next week you Got the portal, the portal go about to go on. Damn man. But I'm, I'm happy for him. I'm happy for him. I don't know it just, damn that, that, that I am too five. I mean, look, hey, and you know, I I yeah, it's reported that he's gonna make $10 million a year, five year, $50 million deal.


I mean, it is not like he need the money. Coach Belichick was the highest paid coach because he had both duties. So Coach Belichick was probably making estimates north of $15 million a year for the better part of a decade. Ain't nothing If you look at the way he dressed, he ain't, he, he ain't spending no money on clothes. He, he, all he doing is, is cutting up Patriots gear. So I'm happy for him as as, as as as you are with Joe. I I I believe that people should do his passion, his coaching. I'm sure he's disappointed that he would've liked to have got one of those NFL jobs last year and maybe he's hearing around Yeah, right.


Guaranteed that it was looking very promising might for him this year, this might Be a step tool to go to the go, go to college, rebuild that program, get them back to what we're used to seeing for the North Carolina Tar Hills. Getting them back to the plan. Yeah. I mean yeah, but it's it's a basketball school. Basketball school. It's a basketball school. But what can Bill do for that team? You know, I'm sure it's gonna have some type of plan together to get them back to the, to to prominence and reverence, you know, in in the football area of, of things. I think it's gonna be very difficult obviously in this N-I-L-N-I-L era, but, but I, I'm wishing him, wishing him the best and I'm assuming if he can have some success there, I think that opportunity might happen for him again in NFL And you know, look, I know LT went to North Carolina, pep Julius Peppers went to North Carolina.


That mean two of the greatest defensive players in NFL history went to that university. But it's tough. It's tough It when, you know, recruiting at a, at a basketball school. Yeah. It is what it is. So I mean they used to have, they used to have some, Derrick Finner was an outstanding running back Abel Lawrence, they've had some, you know, a keen Nicks was a wide receiver that went to North Carolina. Yeah. They've had, they've had some, you know, some, some decent players that come outta there. Ronald Curry was a two sport guy, played football and basketball. Yeah. But congratulations Coach Belichick.


Hopefully you turn that program around, they're gonna be listen, you know, you're gonna be well coached and like he said, Hey guys that have Yeah NFL potential, they'll go to the N nfl. People think, oh I'm going this bro, if you ain't got potential to go to the N nfl, I don't give damn who your coach is. You think, you think you could get Usain Bolts coach, you think you can get Bobby ey, you think you can get one of these track coaches and you ain't and you running a 10, flat 40 and you think you gonna go to the Olympics. Right. I could only coach the potential that you have. I don't know what to tell you Joe.


I wish it was something I could tell people. Oh, his coach. No he didn't. He got the ability. He had the ability. Right Now the coach might can instruct you and give you pointers to teach you technique. There's nothing. But if you don't have the ability to do something, you just don't have the ability. Yes. I don't care who my music teacher is, I ain't playing no instrument. Right. It it's really, it's, it's really, it's really that simple. But coaches going back to college, congratulations. Oregon wins the big 10 title Dylan Gabriel, four touchdown leads the duck passed the number three Penn State niley Lions to remain undefeated. Nico Reed picked off, drew a alar with less, with a little over with less than two minutes left in the ball game.


Ocho that is as good a interception and that you'll see a collegiate player make in Your life. I would just say that the way he pinned him, listen the way he pinned him and held him back and didn't allow him, didn't allow him to get through him. Yeah. And, and and that was, that was On top of it. That is what, that's a veteran. That's a veteran player. That's a NFL veteran DB player. Don't panic, relax, hold him off and let that thing drop right in the bucket to seal the game. And you thought he was the receiver because the way he pinned it, because now the receiver can't get on top of it. I got you pinned to the sideline.


Now it's gonna have to be a perfect throw because I made you run the loop once I made you run the loop and you couldn't stack me, now I can use my momentum to ride you to the sideline. Now you see how the ball dropped down the chimney? It just so happens I was in front of the, I was in front of the receiver, so I'm the receiver now. So it dropped right down to my bed bread baskets and for him to make that type of a catch at some point in time, it's hard for me to believe ojo receiver that he didn't play on the opposite side of football at some point in time. It was too smooth and too natural, too natural catch for him not to play receiver at some point. Yes. Yeah. That was unbelievable game. Yeah. I thought the dunks were gonna run away with OCHO at one point in point in time, I think the score was 28 to 10.


I was like, oh man, they finna make miss meet of Penn State. And it similarly, like Penn State always gets in these games and big games and they don't play big. And I think that's, that seems to be, that's the, that's the knock on James Franklin. I'm not saying he's not a good coach, but he, he loses far too many of these games in order for us to put him in that great category because normally Ohio State, he catches the l Big Bowl games. He catches the l and it's not like he hasn't had good talent because he's had some really good talent. Dylan Gabriel tonight was 22 or 32, 2 83, 4 touchdowns no picks. Oregon ran ball 43 times for 183 yards.


And I think that's the thing that people don't realize that how much Oregon actually runs the football. They would run it a lot more than you think they did. You think they just sprayed them all, all over the field. But they, they, they, they run the football. They do. Nobody had a big game. Ojo Jordan James was 20, carries 87 yards, nor Whittington had 15, carries for 82. And if you look at the last, yeah, Gabriel had 11 yards. That was that last run where he got the first down slid and, and and protected himself. 43 carries 183 yards, 283 yards passing. Yeah they did. But they played really good. They look really good explosive. You know what I would like to see, they're really explosive about This. This is just a hypothetical, I'm just throwing it out there. Obviously with Penn State having the ball towards the end of the game and having the opportunity to actually, well actually they would've had the score and go for two, correct?


Yeah, they would. I would've really liked to see that last offense. The drive. I would've loved to see Penn State score and hope and see and see what they can do. They watch Oregon, see what they can do. Game We going overtime. Let, let's, let's, let's, let's play ball. Well you think like, I think because I've said I'm looking at Oregon. Okay, you've been going up and down the field now when you absolutely have to get up and down the go, go up the field. Can you get it done now? Because we saw where there was no pressure on you. Yeah. You went down there, you got seven and the next thing you know you got 14 and you got X, Y, z and you were boom boom, boom, boom. Now right when you absolutely have to have it, can you go get it again when you have to?


'cause that's the mark of really, I look at offense and defensive football and yeah, we can say whatever, but if, how can you be a great defense if you can't get a stop when you need it Ocho you need to get the team off the field on third down and you don't do it and you allow them to keep getting third down after third down after third down. Or you can't get a big, a big stop to take 'em out of field. Go range. Or you can't get a turnover offensively. Right. You that good offensively and you can't get a first down to kill the clock to make sure the the opposing offense doesn't get the ball. That's how I measure offense and defense. Yes. We like to see offense go up and down the field. We like to see defense stop people. But when you absolutely have to have it, can you go get it done?


And you were thinking the same thing I was thinking, I was like, man, I kind of want Penn State to get this thing 'cause I wanna see what Pi, I wanna see what Oregon can do when the back's against the wall. 'cause the last thing I don't think, I don't think nobody really wants to go into overtime because you, you, you never know. A a a tail pass here. Yeah, miss that miss there. You really don't know. But give Oregon credit, they're gonna be the number one seed. They're gonna Get it by. But everybody think about it. Think, think, think about it. Normally when you get it by, I'm thinking about me, but I can't, I can't even talk about me because we ain't really had no black as ain't gonna, in no goddamn playoff, we no, we no goddamn first seed. But I wouldn't wanna lose the momentum.


I wouldn't wanna lose the chemistry that we have as a, as an offense or as a defense or that, or that flow and rhythm that we may be in. I wouldn't want no goddamn by. I wanna, I wanna keep, I wanna keep that train rolling because ain't no telling what's, ain't no telling what's gonna happen. You get that by. But The college is different in the family. Every fall. Fall the shit, when you come back, when you come back and play Ocho you remember college is not like, now I don't know how this this format is going because you have extra teams, but you remember college, Hey man, they used to get three, four weeks off before they play a game you talking about Bye them go home for Christmas break, come back. Right? Hey Gary, hey get ready to play a football game.


Moho, they not like us. You know, we might, you play and then if you got home field, you got home field throughout. You used to have two buys. Okay, you got the week, you got the week off and then you play the following week. Man, these don get through. I like that.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Game on because ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ES ESPN Plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism. In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cashback on apparel with my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Georgia wins another SEC title, the number five Bulldogs clenched the first round by with a 2219 win over the number two Texas despite Carson Beck's injury. Gunner Stockton comes off the bench goes 12 of 1671 yards with an interception. Carson Beck was seven of 1356 yards and Drew Bobo was one of one for nine yards. OCHO and I, I don't, but I think Stockton, I don't know if they win this game, if Carson Beck stays in this game. It's almost like a situation because you remember when when Tua right? Well no, Tua got hurt and then what you call 'em came in.


Jalen Hurtz came in in the SC championship game and beat said Georgia Bulldogs. Or you go back to the national championship game where Jalen Hurtz was playing so bad and Tua comes off the bench because here's the thing, Ocho, They ain't practice for Drew Star. They ain't practicing for the backup. You don't practice for the backup because you don't anticipate him getting out. Especially now if you run some plays now the Steelers are different. I expect to see one or two plays in which Jordan Fields are gonna get in the game. So I have to a, he comes in the game, this is what he likes to do. They like to run the boot with him. They like to run the the QB power stuff like that. So I gotta anticipate that.


Yeah, I mean I hadn't seen you hadn't seen Stockton except op book, but but This, this is the thing. So I'm not anticipating big In the game. Stockton coming in the game, nigga, how much, how much of the playbook does he, he knows most of the playbook, but how much of the playbook are they gonna give to him as opposed to bat? I think that the playbook, it shrinks and then to me defensively it would make it a little bit easier to have to deal with him. 'cause there's only so much they're gonna allow him to do. There's a reason why he is the backup. I mean that, that's just my thought process. I could be wrong. You right. Yeah, but it is Ocho it's not, it's not like, it's not like the NFL. Oh yeah. It's where the disparity between the starting quarterback and the backup is so bad.


It's, it's huge. Because Stockton yes was probably what, a three or a four star recruit. So it's not, it is not like you got, you got Patrick Mahome and then you got his backup, right? Or you got Joe Burrow and you got his backup. Right? You got Josh Allen with the discrepancy and talent is so vast and so yes, now I have to condense the playbook. But in college because of the talent pool that's surrounding, Hey bro, just get the ball at your hand. But Ocho I watched this game. Yeah. Did you see that? Interception kids? Can y'all stop celebrating Texas get an interception. That's supposed to be a pick six.


All number three has to do is block seven if he blocks it. Yeah, Ocho, that's a tub that's reservation for six. He's celebrating and the guy runs right by it and makes the tackle, you know, your offense is struggling. Your offense is struggling to get, get the ball in the end zone. Yeah. You Got, you got to maximize that. But everybody gets so caught up in the world to celebrate. I guarantee you. Yeah, I guarantee you his defensive coordinator, his DB coach is telling him exactly what you and I are discussing. Son, you got, if you make this block, this is a touchdown.


If you go look at it, first of all, all the other receivers are way to the other side. Now you ain't got nothing but the quarterback that got hit and off and offensive lineman, all you gotta do is block because number seven sees it. He, he's, he heads that way. Yeah. If three blocks number seven from the bulldogs, that's a walkin touchdown. They, they're gonna probably win the Game. You gotta understand like the excitement in, in, in the situation like that, especially for a college kid, for a young kid or something like that to be happening, you know, your, your mind, it goes to an instant celebration based on the play that was made as opposed to, oh let me, let me look around and be focused and, and have that self-awareness to block to make sure he does get in there.


So you gotta think about when you was that age, you know, is it is it is kind of different. So the way we are thinking about it is completely different because we played at the highest level and we know ain't no celebrations happening until we Yeah, until we crossed that line. You know, I ain't Until you about this, Until I crossed that goddamn line. I was different at that point. At I, I'm different. You know what I'm trying to do? Oh y'all, I'm Somebody slipping. Yeah, you can't sleep that no more. You can't do that now, Joe. But hey, I'm headhunted. I'm looking, I'm looking to peel somebody cap. But here's the thing. He's coming. So this theoretically isn't a a, a crack or a a block behind the plate.


Get in the way. All he has to do is get a hand, Get in the way. You ain't gotta do fight. That's all he gotta do. It's a touchdown in Texas. Win. If, if they, and, and Sark, if you go back and look at Sark on the sideline, he knows that. He like damnit you Struggling Because he knows. Yeah, you need that. You struggle. Yes, man. Ocho I'm not saying that viewers won't be a great pro, but Ocho he, You know what, remember it's, it is important. It's situation. Huh bro. It's situational. It depending on where he goes, you think may, you think if he goes in late later rounds and he he's a backup somewhere, then if he's in a great situation with a supporting cast, that's really good.


You know, there's some receivers that can make you quarterbacks. It's some running backs that could take the pressure off your quarterback to where he looks good. Yeah. Where he looks decent. I'm not, I'm there's, there's nothing wrong with Brock Purdy. Oh, I think Brock Purdy's the good quarterback. But you look at the supporting cast and what he has around him. Yes. He's god damn decent. Can, can, can you put Carson back in that goddamn four nine offense? Right. You think he gonna be okay? Yeah. It's all about timing. It's all about timing. Getting the ball, getting the ball out at the right time. He has a great supporting cast. Now can you put Carson Beck in God in Carolina? No. Can you put, what's the other guy's name? What's his name? No, No.


Yeah. Stop or Stockton. Oh. Oh, you talking about Stockton? Can You, can you put Your, In Francisco, You, It's all about timing you, But some quarterbacks need players to elevate them. Damn Mr. Some quarterback can elevate players. Yeah. A Patrick Mahomes, a Tom Brady, a Peyton Ma. There are certain quarterbacks, right? They can elevate marginal talent and get more out of them. Some quarterbacks need more talent to uplift them. Yes. Those, those, And there's nothing wrong with that. Those, but I mean some of the mistakes that he makes, I'm like, I'm like, bro, what I'm trying to figure out, 'cause I'm trying to, because I'm like, go back and run that again because I'm trying to see what he's seeing.


I sometimes those, that's what I want to replay for because I want see maybe, maybe I'm like, but I'm looking like bro damn. And I know I, I think he has an injury, but I don't look at him as being like mobile. And I, I'm probably sure there are a lot of people in Austin that's thinking if we put Arch Mandy in there, we win that game. I bet. I bet you like I can say I don't really follow anybody. I don't really follow any, you know, I, I don't follow blogs and stuff like that to see what they saying about the local team and things like that. I don't follow really anybody that Right. That, that I don't think that follows Texans like that.


But it's hard for me to believe. 'cause I know a lot of people thought like, you know what? I guarantee you they probably thought that man that we had Arch Man, that that's a game that we could have won. But I know when Arch Manning comes in the game, I'm thinking, you know what I'm thinking when he comes in the game, The funny thing about it is when Arch played early in the season when he was out, arch could not only run, he Arch was throwing that thing like crazy. He was throwing all over his head. And listen tonight, I mean Texas had nobody but to blame for themselves. I mean, they had two Miss Field goals. Hell, they they they fallen for the goddamn fake point. Yep. At oh first OCHO at that area. First of all, you have to understand situational football, you just got a, you just got a situation where you went down and scored.


The last thing the team want do is give you the ball right back. Put your punt safe. Punt safe. Yeah. Yeah. Coach gotta know that. Where You going? They have to know that it's all, it's it's situational football. What's going on at the time. I don't get these G guys understand, you just scored a touchdown. Clearly you got the momentum right? And you just forced them to go three and out. See the last thing they wanna do is to give you the football back. Hey, let's go. Hey, watch the fake right, let's go. Hey, just to make sure, let's go punt safe.


What you put, first of all, how many times when, when's the last time Texas returned a punt? Come on bro. It is not the time to try to be hero and set up a return because you set up a return. Your guy's gonna have to go early and now you see what happens. Now you allow them to get a first down. They keep, they keep the ball. It's, it, it's stuff. It's stuff like that. Ocho Yeah, that's the thing. Situational football that's so important. And the really good ones, they understand that you got, you have to know the situation and what's, what's what transpired mad. Damn. They just, man, we just scored, let's get the ball back.


You, you can't ask for anything more. Just force them to a three it out. Now you about to get the ball back. Ojo. Let's go punt. Say I ain't worried about, I ain't worried about it. I don't care about a return, I just want the ball. But give Georgia credit, they win overtime. Walk it off. They played eight overtimes last week against Georgia Tech. They play another or they play what, two overtime, not score because Texas kicked the field goal and then Georgia got the ball and they scored. Yeah, they scored on theirs, their possession. And they win 2219 to secure a spot in the college football playoffs and a buy. 'cause you know whoever won the SEC was going to get receive a buy.


Coach Prime tells Antonio Pierce. Yeah, he wants the Raiders to draft the door. And Shiloh, if the season ended today, the Raiders would have the number two pick times thanks to Raiders would be a good spot for his son and an event in Las Vegas. Time to Pierce. You are truly the best. Now I need you to do the right, do one thing. I need you to draft those sandwich Boys. Hold on. I I like it though. I I like it. I like it, but I don't remember. It's very important the situations you go to the supporting cast's. Very important that you have the tools around you at your disposal. You had the, huh? He got Brock Bowers. He got Brock. Brock is the real deal. Brock Bowers might be top, top three, top four, along with, is it McBride?


Did I say that right? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. He might be top three or four and I ain't talking about three or four. I mean, UNC and I ain't Talking about talking About nfl now we need, we need more than Bowers. We need one more dog there. Oh, for sure, for sure more. They, they, they got, they got some good receivers, not great. Yeah, yeah. They got good, they got good quick guys. Just one I'm talking about we like, I'm part of the damn Raiders. They just need one. They just, they just need one. Yep. Yeah. Yeah.


I mean look, I think it'll be a look, it's gonna be very interesting to see how this thing shapes out. Jacksonville has two wins. I think the Giants have two wins. I think the Raiders have two wins and at some point in time they're like Right, You don't ever wanna show your fan base that you don't really care about winning. I mean Right. Because we, you know, we want, you know, we want to try to win, but we really try to lose now Jacksonville, y'all ain't going look, see y'all can, Right. I don't know what y'all gonna do because Y got Trevor. Yeah. He just got paid. I don't think Trevor going nowhere anytime soon. Exactly. You got the Giants in need of a quarterback desperately the Raiders need a quarterback desperately.


Hell, there are several teams. Maybe somebody moves up to get, if you fall in love with somebody during the draft process, you put 'em on the board and you evaluate 'em, you study their tape and you list like this guy is is is franchise altering. But it's gonna be, it's gonna be very, very interesting to see this thing how it shapes out Ocho. But I do think Shedeur is gonna be a very high pick. He, he's made himself some money. He got coached, he got a, a coach that his offensive coordinator this year was an OC in the NFL. So he's pro ready. His dad is a coach. You know, you like, you like, you like players, especially in the quarterback position that dad was a coach.


So he understands it. He understands what it takes to be. Yeah. The mechanisms of everything that comes around comes along with being an NFL quarterback. You're the ceo EO Yes sir. Gotta be buttoned up on your things. Yeah. Gotta Say all, gotta say all the right things. Do all the right things. It's, it is more than just playing the position. Everybody, man, who cares It different bro. Stop it. Stop it. It's just like if you a CEO, you Tim Cook can't just do out the doing willing in stuff, even though a Apple products are doing flying off the shelf.


It doesn't work like that. There's a decorum. You know, you gotta be very Demure. You gotta be very what? You gotta be very, when you in that situation, that's a word you have to spell at some point in time. So I can't Pee Witho. OR Deir. D-E-M-O-R Deir. UMU Oh R Deme. Okay. Okay. Deir. Oh, you got like you French. Okay, okay, okay.


I like that. What it mean? I had friends coke for breakfast this morning. I'm, I'm Finn use, I'm Finn use that. I'm It re it's, it's reserved. It's my, When I met her I was very Jamir. I don't think re's gonna say you was the Buick. Re probably say you the damn fool when she be you. You was the damn fool. Two years in and you a D fool now. Yeah, yeah. You hey, when, when it, when it's time to shake the cup that get very Jamir Ah, under mere.


Now you ain't shot down. Now you shaking the cover. You ain't shot in. Now everything goes now everything goes behind closed doors.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before. With ESP n plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with a Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs in Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule. I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cashback today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


I think Travis Hunter is the best collegiate player in college football. And I'm not talking about snaps because snaps is not a stat, but I'm saying if you look at what he did on the opposite side of football, you look at what he done on the defensive side of the football. It's hard for me to say that there's a, I've seen a better college player. I haven't, I don't know if we've seen, I don't know if we've seen a better college athlete that played the game of football. I can't say that I've seen that and to, to to be top five and, and receiving yards to be top five in, in receptions to play at the level that he played at on the defensive side of the football.


That's just me. Look, I, and I understand, I respect these guys. Matt Liner is a, is a, is a Heisman Trophy winner and he gets a vote. Brock Huard analyze the game. I love the way he calls the game. Jonathan Stewart. Yeah. Played in, played in the league and played at a very high level. So I respect all these guys' opinion, but for me, the best collegiate player in football is Trav. Is is Travis Harvey. I mean, anyone that that would, that would disagree. Again, some people look at a whole hold Travis at the stake because of their personal vendettas against Prime because it's Colorado for whatever reason, they won't give him his credit, his due credit. You know those people that can't get or side with their personal reason for hating prime and are gonna allow that to affect what Travis Hunter has done and their decision making when it comes to, you know, the Heisman voting or it just, it's like, it's it's ridiculous man.


It's, it is ridiculous. And those that have played the game of football, that have actually played the game of football Yeah. And are watching him do what he's doing and still have thoughts that someone else should when the Heisman is beyond me, because I've never seen it and I was a great athlete and I ain't never seen no shit like that. Yeah, Yeah. What the hell, what the hell is y'all looking at? Yeah. And I don't, I don't care. You, but he can't And, and my thing is, well I don't, he well he ain't gonna be, I don't care if he can do it at the next level. We're talking about at this level, the Heisman trophy ain't got nothing to do with the NFL level we're talking about this year and say, well, he's not even a top 10 player. He's a what?


I-I-I-I-I believe look. Yeah. That now see now y'all just saying stuff just to say stuff because he is a top 10 player and his draft is going to his, his draft status is gonna reflect that. Look, maybe he, maybe he won't be as good a receiver in the NFL. Maybe he won't be as good a db, but we're talking about right now as a collegiate player ocho that's what we're talking about. Because who's to say the Aston Genty is gonna go to the NFL and play and have the type of career in the NFL that he had in college a lot of times got Troy Davis, I don't even think played a snap. Matt Forte had a couple of good years in the NFL.


I think the Smith kid from U-F-C-U-C-F, I don't think he might have, well I think he played like a year or two in Detroit, but he never had the Yeah. Obviously we know. Look, Barry and LaDainian, Marcus Allen, you know, Hey, Ron Dane. Ron Dane didn't have the type of career. He wasn't, he was an all time lead rushing col in college history. You hear me? It's different at the next level. Ricky Williams. It's one, it's one thing to be able to do in college. You, when you get, when you get to that next level, grown men, grown men, they got mouths to feed. They grown them, them grown men. They have a wife to take care of of they got, they, they got, they got kids mortgages due.


Yeah. Car note, rent, insurance, side check, talking about you come, come up, you finna come to the next Level. Gotta Every season, man. Every, because here's the thing in, in college, and what I try to tell people, look on a college team, let's take the best college team ever assembled. Let's just say out of 115 players, they got 30 NFL players. The NFL got a 53 man roster. All of them mofos in the NFL. Right? All of them there. Even the, the 15 or 16 practice squad guys are in the NFL.


So that's the difference. What you're going against every si and what I tell people this o you like to tell people all the time, right? I don't care if you talk take the best player, right? The best offensive lineman. The best defensive lineman, right? You take the best db you take the best wide receiver. If that guy is in the NFL, he can make it look foolish. An average DB can take a great wide receiver Right. And tie you like what happened to him. He must be hurt. And the sa and the same thing a of I've seen offensive, great offensive lineman and guys, just guys like that. How you beat that man for two sacks, that man's a first team all pro tackle and you got two sacks and three es on him.


Yep. Yep. Man, It it, it's, it's different when you going up against a grown man and Yeah, his only job is to what? Be a football player. These guys gotta go to class, they gotta go to study hall, they gotta do all this other stuff. Yeah. Professionals, all they do, Some people will say Professional Football, like where I said basically that it's grown men at the next level and it's not gonna be easy. And then they would probably say, well, hell, the same would would go for Travis Hunter and him being successful at the next level. Listen, if if you, if you, if you know football, if you understand skill sets and you understand DNA and if you understand a person being special at what they do, you know when it's going to transition.


Well, he's one of them players. He's one of those people. He's he's one of those people. It's going to transition. I'm, I'm just, just, just so people don't say, oh, you just said is difficult when, when playing go from college and the chance of making it the next level or being as successful as you were in college to the next level. It's difficult. Yes. But you can tell you just know Ocho, but, but OCHO we're not saying he's going dominate the NFL like I'm in college. Yeah. But, but I'm saying let, let's just say he has to speak. Yeah. Let's just say they have packages and because you know what happens Ocho, when you have a dominant college career, people automatically assume, assume you're gonna come do that in the NFL.


Yes. And, and, but you've set those expectations by doing what you've done at the collegiate level. So it doesn't matter whether you play football or basketball or baseball or whatever the case may be. When you have, when you set up lofty expectations, when you see guys like a Fred Curley in track, or you see guys like a Michael Norman in track and they have outstanding careers. What is it? Xavier X-Men, he won the hundred and the 400 meters, but injuries. So they expect you to go, I mean, and, but there are some guys, you look at Michael Johnson, Michael didn't have that great a college career and he's one of the two or three great greatest track sprinters in the history of the sport.


When you talk, when you talk about speed, so you talk about, you know, from 400 down who, I mean what you got, you say maybe Carl, That's it. But he didn't have, he didn't have a stellar career. Like you, some of, some of these other, like Carl, Carl could have made the eight Olympics had now boycotted. But you, you don't, you don't know ocho, but I'm just saying, I'm, I'm throwing, I'm throwing that NFL apart. I'm talking about right now what we saw this year Ocho About, think about the great receivers. When you saw a megatron at Georgia Tech, you know what the time it was when you saw Larry Fitzgerald at Pittsburgh? Yes. You knew what time it was.


You know, when you saw Julio Jones at Alabama, you knew what time it was when you saw Travis Hunter at Colorado. Right. You know what time it is. Well, I knew Megatron would even be better pro I said because if he ever, if he ever had a quarterback, he could be something special. Yeah. Because he was at Georgia Tech, they ran the football. So he catching 45, he catching 45 passes. But when you look at his size, he's six foot four, 240. He's running four and three. You are like, who gonna deal with that? First of all, who gonna press him? What DB tried to press Megatron.


Okay, now you get him in the rev zone, you gotta give him Gunner, you gotta give him gunner gunner support. Yeah. Basically line two guys up on the in top over the top of it. Or he gonna jump up and catch the ball. He got a 40 plus inch vertical. Yeah. Yeah. He's six foot four. He's two 40. So we saw when he got a quarterback. Yeah, well you just saw the numbers that he put up. He just had arguably one of the greatest single seasons in the history. He still has the record. Yeah. Almost 2000 yards and 16 games. So you, you ab you are absolutely right. Yeah. Sometimes you can just look at a guy and see it translate, be like, Yeah, gonna be him. You gonna Be him.


He gonna be, He gonna be nice. Yeah. Well I guess what Ojo next Saturday we gonna find out all this speculation. I think he should win. Yeah. Because they're gonna be some disappointing folks on both sides. People gonna say JY should have won if he doesn't win. Right. People gonna say Travis should have won if he doesn't win. But hey, whatever the case, it's not a situation where it's like Joe bur Joe Burrow was the overwhelming favorite. Yeah. You know how I see Reggie Bull, I don't even see overwhelming favorite People. Shouldn't even be sad if if Genty wins, if Travis wins, at the end of the day, both of 'em won regardless. And I'm not talking about the goddamn heen. I'm just saying in general, both of them won regardless.


No matter who's going home with that goddamn trophy, they both had great seasons. They both, they both getting ready to do great things at the next level. Yeah. Man, look here ocho Oh you, I want that trophy. I ain't Finn get here and tell man, hey, I'm just happy to, I'm just happy to be a part of it. I want that trophy because guess what? Yeah, Because they remember that. You see all, you see all of those, the Heisman house and they have all those old guys that have Archie Griffin and they have, they have Marcus Stanley, they have Barry, they have tbo and they have all these guys. Bro, I wanna be a part of that. Okay? Yeah, Yeah.


'cause guess what, Ocho 15 years from now Yeah. Man, ain't nobody gonna remember no 2000 yard run season if you don't win the trophy. We remember, we remember Marcus', he was the first to do it. He won't, the Heisman Barry did it. He won't, the Heisman Ricky did it. He won't. The Heisman Henry Derrick Henry did it. He won the Heisman 2000 yards. Don't mean the same if you ain't got that trophy to come along with. No. Joe, I listen, I'm I'm I'm with you when you write, but unfortunate. Yeah. You, I I'm with you, but I'm just Being Honest. It was a beautiful thing was it was a great thing, you know, but so many other people have done it already.


Yeah. What Travis Hunt has done, we haven't seen that before. Right. Not to that level. Consistently week in and week out. The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, what's up? I'm Jared Goff, quarterback for the Detroit Lions. The holidays get busy, but I still wanna pull up two events looking put together. Abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights, hanging with the guys and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top for those really fancy holiday events. Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe With these open ear buds, it's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com.