
Today Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan. Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Camera Sinners now playing only in theaters rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community Development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The Volume,


The N NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player props and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40, or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draft King Sports book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers new drafting customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly. In bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Vice TV's hit show, dark side of the ring is back. Professional wrestling is the only sport who stars live in two worlds. Balancing their in ring characters with real life dark side of the ring examines the complex intersection of fantasy and reality while uncovering wrestling dark untold history. This season will be another shocking view into professional wrestling's unseen world. From the firsthand accounts of Mick Foley's career Defining hell in a sale, icon's Big Van Vader and superstar Billy Graham to Billy Jack Haynes awaiting trial for second degree murder charges. Season six will be a continuation of the explosive, untold stories in the world of wrestling. Dark side of the Ring premieres March 25th at 10:00 PM Eastern with new episodes every Tuesday only on Vice tv. Go to vice tv.com to find your cable channel.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today I am your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharpe. Number 85 Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we have a special guest tonight. One third of RCL Mitch Richmond joins us. The great the great Mitch Richmond, the Golden State Warrior, Sacra Hall of Famer. Mitch Richmond, golden State Warrior Sacramento. Yeah, king, you do it on both ends of the court.


Thank you for joining us, Mitch. We're gonna get right to you. Just a second. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. Thank you so much for your support. Thank you so much for your continued support because thanks to you we get to do what we do. So thank you again. Make sure you check out Shay ba la Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Safe go follow my media company on all of its platforms, Shesha Media and my clothing company with 84 being spelled out.


Everything is restocked. The link is in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour went on sale a couple of weeks ago. Eight stops Be more Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned on in the chat. Guests are lining up really well. Come out support your favorite on and ocho, we can't wait to see you guys there. The grizzlies are the eight C.


They will face the OKC Thunder with a 1 21 0 6 victory in the last final play end game. The Grizzlys were great. Jaron Jackson 24, Zach 80, 15 and 11. Ja Morant 27 9 and 22. Nine and seven. Desmond Bain 22. Scotty Pippin, Jr 13 Al Dalma 11 boy AD came to play tonight. Rich, I I know you watched this game. Mitch ad came to play. PJ Washington played 27 minutes. He and I had the same number of points. I was on a flight. Zero. Derrick Lively played 20 minutes. Derrick Lively the second right.


Played 20 minutes. He also had the same number points that I had. And you had Rich Mitch and you had OCHO zero points. Yeah, Martin, Kayla Martin, he played 11 minutes. I scored him. We both had zero points. Vincent d he didn't get in a whole lot. He played four minutes, zero points. Yeah. Dante asked him, he played 13 minutes. He had three more points than a 57-year-old with two replace hips. You're not gonna win when you get that kind of production. When you get two starters, Mitch, and You know this. Yeah. You get two starters and they play 20 plus minutes and you and, and and, and you Think you gonna be the team on their home court.


That's not gonna happen. What did you like about what you saw from Memphis tonight, Mitch, and what didn't you like about what you saw from the Dallas Mavericks? Well, for Dallas, I don't think everyone came to play for sure. We, we just, You know, mentioned that and, and DA and Davis did need a lot of help today. He should've would've, I mean, I think if he'd had Kyrie it would've looked a lot better, but they didn't have anyone that could really kind of take anybody off the dribble other than Williams, the point guard that comes off the bench. Correct. So they had a lot of trouble just really kind of creating their own shots. And Anthony Davis is the, the best at creating the shopping for one of the biggest mans that that's in the game. But for the Memphis Grizzlies, man, I like what I saw.


You know, they had a ballot scoring. Yes. Everybody came to play and I'm, I'm looking forward to this next series because they match up very well with OKC. But OKC, You know, it's been the, the the team all year. So it's gonna be yes. See how they play you. When you look at this, and I agree with you, I think they match up because they got a big Zach go seven four, you got Jaron Jackson. So when they put their two bigs out there, Hartenstein and Chad holing, you've got a great matchup. The question is, can Zach Edie go outside and defend at the paint? Because Chad Homey's gonna spend a lot of time. He's gonna drag him out the deep. So if I'm thinking I'm gonna put, I'm gonna put Zedi on Hartenstein because I know Hartenstein is no threat for him to shoot no three shots, three point shots.


I ain't worried about him. I'm gonna put Jaron Jackson on Chen Holmgren because he can slide better. He's more mobile, he's more agile and he's a threat on the offensive end because I gotta take some of that zap out of him on the defensive end by making him play defense. So his offense sufferer as they go there. But I agree with you, when you look at the ballot score and you had three guys that gave you at least 20 right? In your starting lineup, every L six guys played double figures and they didn't play a whole lot of minutes. Jerry Jackson played the most minutes. 36. All the rest of the guys 32, 33 33 30. So there's not a whole lot of exertion going on. I don't know when they, when they plays, when is the game?


Sunday or Monday? Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. So they got, they got a, they got a quick turnaround. Yes, but hey, I'm in in the playoffs. I like this matchup ojo, you watching this game, what, what'd you like, what, what'd you think about what you saw from the Grizzlies? Well, Well listen from the Grizzlies, they played really well. Bain phenomenal. Ja Barron, we gonna do what Ja does. Everybody else collectively as a group, everybody contributed. Everybody scored on the other side of it. Again, again, it makes Nico look ridiculous. Now I understand Davis, I mean Anthony Davis had the game of his life. He had 21, 20 something, 20 some points at the half had 40 at one point, I think might've been the third or the fourth quarter. But nobody else showed up. You know, PJ had a, had a, had a donut at the half.


Clay Thompson really wasn't getting any shots in the, in the first half. He showed up a little bit in the second half, You know, creating shots, doing what he does down in the post in the block. But still nobody else showed up for the Mavericks. Anthony Davis obviously having a be hero with no help tonight is why they lost the game. Yeah, yeah. He gave you 49 2 or still in the block. And that's what's most disappointing. I think Ad acquitted himself very well. But nobody's surprised by ad playing like this. I don't care if Jaron Jackson was the defensive player of the year ad gonna score on anybody. We've seen him against some of the best, be it Nico Yoic be it against Giannis, be it against Joel m Bead, Anthony Davis.


This is what frustrate people about him, Mitch, is that we see him give a a a Joel and bead a 40 piece. We see him drop 40 on Yage. We see him give 30 40 to Giannis. Yeah. And then all of a sudden he'll come up and play a game where he have nine points and eight rebounds and we like, what the hell? Ad I'm not surprised that AD had a 49 and two game. No. Right. Nobody should be because he's that he's that good. Right. The problem is he's not consistent as he should be given his ability. He could put the ball on the floor, he can finish at the rim, he can play with his back to the rim. He's a three level. He got a midrange, he could shoot the three. Now he is not great at it, but he can get to the free throw line.


That's what is sometimes frustration frustrating about ad is because you see what he's capable of when he comes to play. Go ahead, Ojo. Well, well listen, listen, I'm not a professional basketball player, but I do, I do got eyes and I do have common sense ad didn't have a choice but to play like this tonight, huh? Yeah. The Nike, he does the, the nights when he does have nine points, he has help. Yes. He has help to make, to make up for the production that he doesn't have on those nights daddies off. Now a night like this when nobody else is, is helping and scoring and putting the goddamn ball in the hoop, he don't have no choice, but they have a night like this. Right. And he's one of the, he's one of the few players in the NBA that can take over a game. That's a, a three level score. He can, he can shoot from three, he's not that high fish.


He ain't no goddamn Steph Curry. He got mid, he can take your head down in the block to whatever you wanna do. So in order for them to have any type of consistency until they get the big dog back, and this we talk about next year. Right. We come back and, and, and obviously have some, some other help. Yeah. Collectively it's gonna be, it's gonna be a long, it's gonna be a long time before Grace is given to management. Yeah. For the choices and decisions that they made and shipping Luke out. Could you imagine how in the hell we ship Luke out based on some stuff that had nothing to do with off the court and the stuff that he does on the court, it's gonna continue to show up for the next decade somewhere else when it could have been us when he just took us to the goddamn finals last year.


Right. Right. Yeah. I mean I, I think what we talk about Ad Man ad is the first ball hall of famer. No doubt about it, but I think we always see that some, some of those games where he should be demanding the balls. We saw a lot of the later game where he start out very well, but he just float through the whole game and without even asking for the ball. And I think sometimes we need to see that, You know, that toughness of him and just say, Hey man, gimme the goddamn ball. But he never, never does that. And so he just float through the game sometimes and then you forget about that he's on the court, You know? Yeah. When he, when you have a guy that, that, that kind of skill level Yes. Because people don't realize, hey, he six, 10 and a half, he can put the ball on the floor.


He can handle the ball, he can play with his back to the basket. That's what he likes to play. See, he's in a perfect situation. He's in a much better situation in Dallas than he is that he was in LA because they didn't have big, if you go back and look at ad when he played his best. Yeah. What did they have a riding bitch? They had JaVale McGee. Yes, they had Dwight Howard. So he basically played for the entire game except the last five minutes of the fourth quarter he played the four. Yes. Now the last five minutes of the fourth quarter, he's playing the five. Right. Go back and look at his stats. His first year there, that was his best year. Statistically led the team in scoring led the team in rebounding because he was always, because you got three bigs, he could always play the four until the final fi, five minutes of the ball game.


And then he slide to the five, which he didn't have a problem with. Now he goes to eight, he goes to Dallas. What do they have Right? During Live II ad can play the four. Right. Daniel Gaffer, he can play the four Powell, he can play the four. Right. You see? Yeah. So in a situation, theoretically ocho, he's better right in Dallas than he was in LA because they got bigs around him so he can play his natural position. Okay. A position that he feels most comfortable playing. Right. Because he's made it abundantly clear. He said, go back and look at me when I was in New Orleans when we had Boogie and I could play the four. Look at my numbers and he ain't lying.


Yeah. But I, I think at times though, I think at times though, like you said, he's better at the five though. Once you try when, when you have shooters around him. Yes. He's a they're a better team at the five because sometimes he falls in love with the outside game. Yes. You know, assert himself, like when he's a big man, when they want him to play big man. And we know when he first came in the league ad was a, a runner. Yes. Yes. He used to, he used the big man down the floor. So when he played the five, he drove the big man crazy. And he don't run no more. You see that he jogs down, he, You know, he's into his little steps. But this guy is, he's so efficient.


When he gets the ball, he makes the play. And the one thing I do like about him is he play that other end. He blocks shots. He reads, yeah. On ball defender. He held weak side. He does a lot of different, but here's the, but here Mitch, here's the, here's the thing though, is that when you, you look at ad and every once in a while he'll get that late, that early leak out. Yeah. He'll get the guy on his back, they throw the ball down and he'll get down there. Exactly. But see the problem with him playing the five ad don't wanna bang. No, he don't wanna do none of that. You, you played five, you played five minutes, you gotta bang. Right. But, but who really? But, but oh, who really banging Chad? Who really banging? See ma, matter of fact, that's what I, I was raising my hand, I was raising my hand.


See, I gotta raise, I gotta raise my hand like I'm in class, You know, like, like I'm a student. So I was just getting ready to ask you. Yeah. Is it better, does he like being at the fire for the simple fact that the game has changed? Right. The game has changed. They not really down there banging like that. Yeah. As opposed to how they used to be back in the day. Right. Right. When you wanna get your points, you got your big man down in the box, he post up and you getting the ball. Right. The game of basketball has changed from that. It's changed general where he feels comfortable being at the five. Right. If you wanna come out, you can come out and face up or take somebody off the dribble and do what you need to do. Right. Yeah. We, we, we gotta remember when, when, when Anthony Davis was in high school, he was a point guard. He was Yes. He tall, he grew 11 inches or whatever he did, he became a sinner.


And so he wants to be out on the perimeter at times. You know, I think a lot of big guys see Kevin Durant and they want to mimic that type of play because Kevin Dur is six 11. He can do it all. And they mimic, they wanna see that right there. They see themselves doing that. Even Boogie cousins, boogie Cousins wanted to get out on the perimeter a little bit. Right. Even Shaq wanted to get out on the perimeter, do his thing and show what he can do. And, and that's the thing because ad's looking at it like, man, I get injured the most when I'm playing, when I'm playing the five because all that banging, I'm stumbling over people. They banging, they banging on me. I don't have that, I don't have that kind of oo in my body frame.


And like you said, there ain't a whole lot of guys that he gotta bang with. You gotta bang with Joel and Bead, you gotta bang with Yoki. But those are really the only centers. Every once in a while you'll bump into a a, a, a Eboni. But Saboni ain't really no. Hey, really? I mean he, he crafty but he ain't like, he ain't really going to get you no 30. Like a yoke aint 30, 40 even 50 on you. Yeah. Same with Joel. Right. Giannis is a guy that's looking to run Giannis is looking for cracks. He's gonna try tos sl his way through the clip, the crack euro step and get to the thing. But yeah, AD has made it up in his mind that I need to be at the for it ain't no, you ain't not gonna be at this point in time. 12, 13 years in Mitch.


Yeah. You not gonna convince him that you better at the five. Right? No, no question about it. And we, we look at the centers today, the centers don't run down and, and post up in the middle of the pain. Maybe e he's probably the only one. Yeah. Centers now they really create the offense. They at the top of the key. They either doing full handoff, they setting the pick at the top so they can die, but they never really running down the lane and getting to the middle of the basket and using those easy baskets. Yeah. They, they want to be on the perimeter. So the game truly has changed. Could you go back and look steady Shaq when Shaq say Shaq's first eight years? Mm. Yes. Look out Shaq was the first one down the court every time.


Every time he was. And he was He was slim though when he was in Orlando. Yeah. Yeah. He was running straight to the front of the rim. He was going, they gonna throw it into him. He was gonna drop step and he gonna put everybody in the basket. That's right. You just hope he didn't pull it down on your head. Exactly. That was the thing. So the Memphis Grizzlies, they defeat the Dallas Mavericks one 20 to 1 0 6. They advance their, they hc, they go and face the OKC thunder, which we believe is gonna be a great, a great matchup on April 18th.


Centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC


Waiting for the best deals. Spring Black Friday savings are here. Shop early Access now@blinds.com and save big on new custom window treatments@blinds.com. Shopping online for custom window treatments doesn't mean sacrificing on service selection or style as the number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com has hundreds of options to fit any decor and budget. Choose from stylish roller or Bamboo shades, blackout options and more. We even have motorized shades for your patio, DIY or let our experts handle the heavy lifting blinds.com has you covered with free virtual consultations. We'll even send a pro to do the measure and install. Try before you buy with free samples delivered to your door. With over 25 million windows covered every order's backed with blinds dot com's. 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com Spring black Friday early access now for up to 40% off with minimum purchase plus a free measure. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The last two weeks, Lucas shares tears returned to Dallas drops 45, Nico Harrison doubles down on the trade. There is no regret Mav CEO compares the Monte Ellis for Andrew Bogan. No, that, that's not it. Naski completely turned off about the Mavs Mav lose to the Grizzly and the plan one year after making the NBA finals. Mitch I, and this is, this is what I said. Yeah, I understand. Look, I understand Nico. It's kinda like Ocho and I situation. Roger Goodell, Roger Goodell don't make no rules. Those are the owners now he can all the blow back. Mm. Yep. But that's why he makes 60 million because every time he comes up there ocho to read a card.


What do the fans do? Boo. They show his pitch on the jumbotron wherever he's at. What do the fans do? Ocho Boo. Yeah, no question. Nico Harrison. Yeah. You know this, Mitch been around the game as long as you had General managers can't make a move like this. This is ownership saying Trade Luca, we're not trying to get up off for $350 million over 70 years. No question. And when you are a gm, You know you have to take that hit because the owner is gonna put it on you even though that he's making the decisions. And when you make a big decision of trade and Luca, You know, you had to talk to someone and someone had to pull that trigger.


And so that, I I truly think it wasn't just Nico, Nico had to take the hit and he had to double down again that it was my choice. And I know he's getting a lot of heat for him. He's a good man, but man, they, they are on him for this one. No question about it. Go Mitch. Mitch, I'm glad you on here. Maybe you can gimme a better perspective outside of the per perspective that I've already heard Okay. From analysts, from pun, from unc, from, from everybody else that's been on the show. But from to hear, let me, I wanna hear from your mouth. For someone who's played the game for a very long time, at a high level, if you were management, if you were a gm Yes. Would you let someone like go based on what he's done in such a short amount of time? Understanding what, based on the, the, the things they've said that worry them.


Right. Paying him long-term money because he drink beer and smoke cka. Yeah, I I I, You know, this is a tough one because Luca is, he was Dallas, he was the Dallas City. Yes. Dallas Maverick. Homegrown. He was homegrown. He got the city back when dirt and Whiskey took him to the championship and won. So for me, I think, You know, as a general manager, sometimes you have to have a little pushback too as well. It's like, Hey man, this is gonna be tough, man to even pull this off. Maybe we need to get five or six guys for Luca. Because if you have put him on the, on the on, if you'd have put him out there and said that you were trying to trade him, right, you would've got five or six guys back, maybe it would've made the deal look even better.


And we're sitting here talking about like, Luca went for a bomb. He went for one of the best players of the league in Yes. In AD and we still saying that wasn't a good trade, You know what I mean? So it's it's a tough one man. And it may, it, it propelled Lakers. I, You know, propelled Lakers for some reason propelled them up and they looking like a totally, totally different team than they did. Yeah. Well in the, Yeah. And the funny thing, Hong, when you think about it too, Mitch, let's say they did put him out there on the market, right? Right. And they did get ad for him for the trade. But let's say it was a market and all teams were available, right? What five or six players are you gonna get that's gonna be equivalent to that one when you, when he does go somewhere else, right?


Right. And the ones who, and then the ones who are just as good enough, they not letting them go right from the team that they own because that's their team's identity. Yes. Yeah. Well look at it like this Ocho when the Clippers traded, traded Shaa for Paul George. Yes. Do they think Shaa was gonna be this or they would've never traded Because they wouldn't, they wouldn't have pulled the trigger. So you don't, so you don't know. That's right. And and plus they got draft compensation. I think the thing is, okay, you get ad you get Max Christie ML bridges went for four first round picks. Right. Rudy Gobert went for players and four first round picks you get ad max crispy and one first round.


I think that's where people are saying, hold on, wait a minute. Right. Hey, this thing had the job, the job, but that, but that tells you right there that it wasn't just Nico decision at that particular time. No, it wasn't. No, no. Yeah. Nico being a general manager, he's looking for assets, he's looking for something to get back my player. I want to have something so I can see in the future kinda like what o key OKC has been doing for years. Yeah. You know, they're packing those first round picks, they're getting second round picks they're creating and they building a team as each year goes. So, You know, it had to be the owner's choice in this. Of course the al the, the Alderon family purchased it.


I think the son-in-law runs it. Josh Dumont, you look at what OKC did Ocho when they traded Russ. Yes. Patrick Dumond, they got, they got first round picks, they got assets they traded when they traded Paul George, they got Shaa Gils, they got Gallari and they got pick swaps and they got first round picks unprotected. Yeah. So now Shaa turns into what he turns into. Now the one thing we can say about Sam Presty, he know how to draft, he drafted kd, he drafted West Westbrook and he drafted James Hart. Yes. All of those plays, all those players are top 75 players of all time. All players have won MVPs.


So psp so he knows how to draft. Right? Right. Jalen Williams boom. And he's willing and dealing, he gets a Caruso, he trades for a Lou Dot. You see now he, he gets a a, a hartenstein in free agency. He drafts Chad Holmgren. Right. So obviously he knows what he's doing. And I think the thing is, man, if it's reported, we don't know it's being reported. They reached out to Minnesota. Would you take Luca for Anthony Davis? Click, they reached out, they reached out to them being, you mean Anthony? Anthony Edwards. Anthony Edwards, excuse me. Anthony Edwards, Aman, they reached out to hey Minnesota. What about Luca for an clt?


Okay. They called me a wonky. Hey guys, what, what, what about Giannis for Luca cl. So now, because the more you call around, it's gonna get out. Mitch, this thing gotta be secretive. Secretive gotta be hush hush. Yeah, He see what I just said though with it, look at the names you just called, they are the team's identity and heartbeat. Yes, yes. Yeah. They ain't letting them, they ain't letting them go. Right. So when mi when Mitch say, You know, okay, we put 'em on the market for five, for for five or six players. Right. Well the five or six you gonna get, it's still probably ain't be equivalent. The goddamn ad coming over there. Right. Right. Now maybe, hey, you might, maybe you go, maybe you go to Phoenix.


Hey what about kd? What, what? And they don't, they don't really have, they don't really have, they don't have a whole lot because they gave up so much to get KD because see you got the scan around. So look, the best player that they probably could have gotten Boss is not trading you Jason Tatum. So don't even call them. Right, right, right. You can't get Booker. So basically, okay, ant man, no Giannis, no you're not getting Yage from the Nuggets. Who can we get? Yeah. And I've got a personal relationship with Rob Lanka. Hey Rob.


Now Rob's going keep it hush hush because he really want this thing to go through because now we got the bridge for the next decade when LeBron steps, whenever that is, after 23, after 24, after 25, 20 fifth season, we got a bridge for the next decade. No question. So, but for me, look, you could beat Nico up all you want to. He like, he low hanging fruit and that and say, Hey, I, I have told the ownership. They say, Hey, you see that check, you got your name on it now if you still want this to have your name on it tomorrow, no question. No question. You'll make the, I mean we can say what we want when we over here right now, but I think, I think Nico had to make a conscious decision, You know what I mean?


He's in a job, he's still doing his job and if the owners, he gotta understand, he gotta speak. If his owners say that they wanna make this trade, you can argue all you want, you can put your points up. But at the end of the day, hey, I gotta do it. And You know, gotta pull the trigger. Yo and Luca going to the Lakers, You know, probably any other team, he probably would've still been outta shape. You know what I mean? Yeah. Going to the Lakers, it really like, now you with LeBron, now You know, You know how to get in shape. You know, you wanna show Dallas that, hey man, y'all made a terrible choice. Oh, is is getting himself back in shape. He's he's in better shape when he first got there. So that team, I mean, it, it, it, it looks, it looks gonna be diff I mean it's gonna be difficult in the playoffs because they, they set up very well in the bracket right now.


Yep. They don't face Denver early, You know what I mean? Yep. So they up very well in the sec in the early game, the heat regroup after losing an early lead. They beat hold, hold on. The who? The who, the who? The heat. Okay. I just wanna, okay, I just, I just want you, I Want you to keep That same image you had when you and ISO Joe was on here talking about He was finna lose. Okay, but go ahead. I'm let you finish my bad. The heat regroup, they beat the Hawks in overtime. 1 23 to one 14. Tyler Hero was on and on one again, 30 points sank, two big threes in overtime. Let me get this. He was, You know, he scored 30, I think he scored 38 the first game when they beat Chicago.


Yes sir. He backed it up with another 30 point game. He got 20 points from Andrew Wiggins, he got 17 and 11 from Bam. He got 12 points from Highsmith off the bench. So Andy got 16 from Davion Mitchell who played 40 minutes, did a great job re young, did have 29 points of level to assist, but it took him 22 shots. So that's what you wanna do with a score. Look, I'm not saying I'm gonna shut you down, but I'm gonna make you as, as, as least as inefficient as I possibly can. So if you get 29 shots and I force you to take 22 shots to get Right. Right. You gotta live with that Mitch. Yeah, yeah. You know you gotta be proud of Donovan Mitchell, man.


He, he's just been, he's been meant all of that man. He's, he's got an opportunity now in Miami to play some minutes to play some solid minutes. He plays it hard, bro. Yes, he works out hard. I seen him in the summertime of what he does. The guy works out hard and he, and he demands on that defensive end that you give him respect. Now he's hitting a three point shot. So I'm so, I'm so happy for him to get an opportunity man to play and show that he can play in this league and play big minutes. Yeah. Matter of fact, Hey brother Mitchell, I know you're gonna see this. Okay. I wanna say I salute you. I love you. I appreciate you for backing me on Unc and, and and ISO Joe who said we didn't have a chance against the Hawks.


I appreciate you the fact that you playing both ends of the course and you showed out tonight. Boy, I'm gonna be that court side, you hear me? I'm gonna be that court side. Ero, thank you for everybody that didn't believe in us. Now I told people earlier and they probably gonna laugh at me again and say, oh, I'm a casual fan. I don't even watch basketball. But when we come out the east, when we come out the east, I want everybody to remember, oh, I'm gonna keep the same energy on, keep the same energy. You must be on an airplane. That's the only way y'all coming out the east on a plane. Y sure beat y'all not to beat them teams in the east and come up by east. Hold on, hold on, Hold on, hold on. Whoa, we got, we got the number one seed, right? We got the number one seed, right? We got the calves. Huh? You got the calves? No y'all, y'all playing? Yeah, y'all playing the number one seed?


Y'all ain't got the number one seed? No Y'all Number eight. Okay. I know we ain't got number one C I'm saying we play, I'm saying we playing number one seed. So what's going, and I got a question for you Mitch and I and for the chat too. What's gonna happen and don't try to say it was a surprise and don't try to say it was upset. What's gonna happen when he eliminate, eliminate the Cavs in the semi game in the seven game series? I mean, we gotta say that y'all, Y'all Gonna say then? No, no, we, we can't say nothing. Okay. If they, if they upset the calves then we gotta give them some pro Time out, time out, time out. It's not gonna be upset. Okay. Okay. Stop. Be upset. Right. Listen, before the playoff started, before the plan started, I said once the, he made, once the heat made it, we coming out the east. But that is an up, that's an upset, that's an upset ojo.


I i I don't Cleveland, that's an upset. Come On. Listen, I I respect Brother Donovan Mitchell. I respect Garland, I respect them boys that day. But it's not gonna be an upset. I told you it was going happen before it happened, so it's not an upset. Alright. Okay. Alright. You got Alright Unc you got something? You got something to say? Nah, Daveon Mitchell played really well. He grew up okay in my hometown. He's from Liberty, Liberty, Liberty County for Stewart via Army Base is close by, but he was, he he played really well. He played outstanding defense. He shot the three ball. Well he is four nine from the three, You know, again, the number two pick in the draft rash.


How you say his name? Rash Char Rashe For the, for the Hawks? Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. Three points pronounce it. Yeah, I can't pronounce it. He had three points. Yeah, riche, he had three points man. And he played 16 minutes. So that tells me that Snyder was like, bro, I see you ain't got it tonight. Let me get you on the bench because George Ang played 26 minutes Carless car Lavert 37 minutes, Terrence Mann 25 minutes. So, and the, the other guy played 15 minutes. So, and they had six points between them. So that lets me know that Schneider knew early on that they didn't have it and he tried to get some guys in there that could, that could give him some production.


So that's why you see your role, your bench players play way more than your starter. They only played 16 minutes and this is a a 48, a 53 minute game. So when you look at it, they did not play a lot. No. Didn't, but what what, what do you like about what, what is it about the heat that they find a way? They always do. They tough find ways to summons up. They tough and get away in. They tough, they tough because they jumped out on Atlanta playing great team defense and You know, You know Tyler hero. I mean he is, he's tough. You know he, he got a little frame on him but he doesn't take any any smack.


And you, when you got Mitchell at the point guard and you got those guys playing hard to bail out bio and you got Pat Riley in that, in that locker room as well as they demand you to play on the defensive end. And if we gonna lose, we're gonna lose it all. We're gonna put it all out there. And they do that every night. Hey. Huh? Yes. You wanna know what's, you wanna know what's special about the e What's special about it? Mojo about We talking about Hardnosed basketball. Yep. It ain't pretty. We gonna put our hard hat. We gonna put our hat, our hard hat on. We gonna put our Tims on, we gonna put on our utility belt. Ain't nobody out there flashy, we ain't got no super duper superstars, You know.


No you ma'am we got Tyler, You know we got a good supporting cast and we gonna go out there and play basketball on both ends of the court. Yeah. On both ends. And that's what you're gonna get night in and night out. I agree. Now when we go, when we go to Cleveland and we give and we give Cleveland that belt the ass and they come to Miami. Wow. And they get that belt the ass again and then everybody gonna be like, oh, I can't believe it happened. Why can't you believe it? It's what we've always done. I know we lost Jimmy Butler. I know we lost Jimmy Butler, but the team morale is still there. Mitchell, Mitchell picks up for what we lost in Jimmy Butler. Tyler Hero is picking up with 30 with 32 30 point games back to back.


Bam going be bam and everybody else gonna fit in where they fit in and we gonna make it happen. Anybody in the chat that's laughing or saying I don't know what I'm talking about. Oh, you don't know basketball. Bet me, bet me Coach be gonna be very interesting because the back court is sensational with Garland and Mitchell. You got the two bigs. Evan Mobley, who's a defensive player to your candidate, you got another rim protector guy can defend Jared Allen. Jared Allen is a guy you don't have to run plays for. You can run, hey, he'll lob threat and he gonna get it off the rim. Hey bro, you want 12 points? Hey, roll to the rim and get it off the rim and gotta get back home. I that that, that's that's your, that's your outfit.


That's the plays we run for you Evan Mobley. We know what he is. He's a tremendous defender and he can go get you 20 points double and and double digit rebounds. Those two back courts. That's where, that's what the Cavaliers are. Yeah. That back court. Yes. The back court. They made the trade for Deandre Hunter, they got Ty Jerone, they got guys Yes. That can, that can can punish you when you, when you try to help off on, on on Donovan Mitchell and d Darius Garland. Yeah, they they pretty, they're a pretty solid team. If you look at 'em in the east, their, their makeup is is kind of similar to OKC with the bigs they play too big led by their back court.


Yeah, exactly. And but they, they doesn't, they don't shoot it outside, but they do pack the paint and, and they, You know, they don't, they play their big, they make you play their size and so they're gonna be big over Miami. So Miami really gotta, You know, gut it out because they're, they're gonna be bigger. Yeah, you, you're right about that. So that's, that's gonna be a very interesting, very interesting matchup on April 18th.


Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17, not admitted without parents.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington, DC


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it and when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


When Luca was honored by Dallas with a tribute video, he acknowledged there was one cliff that struck him the most. His game winning three over Minnesota Timberwolves Center Center, Rudy Gobert last year. Luca faces the wolves game one and said would be welcome to seven Foot Gobert trying to guard him again since I came into the league, they like to play pick and roll. I like to get the center on me. JJ think, well he thinks there's not a person in the world that can guard him. So I I think he takes that seriously and that's the matchup. You know what But the thing is, is that you think about go bear Mitch, here's a guy that's won four defensive players of the year.


Right. And he becomes unplayable late in the ball game. How you, how are you a topnotch receiver and I gotta take you off the field late in the ball game. You a topnotch running back and I take you off the field in the run and, and and late in the ball game. Yeah. He is a four time defensive player of the year and late in the ball game. Mitch, he's unplayable you, you, You know, can I speak? I see this all, but I think they keep putting him in the same position. They take, they, they do a pick and roll and it's really sometimes a lazy pick and the guy just goes and start guarding the the big and they leave him out on the island with some of the best players in the game.


You know, he cannot guard those guys. No, he cannot guard 'em. So they, they have to find some way that these guys gotta fight over the pick and go bear. Do not get an opportunity to even be on Luther at the end of the game. Be on kd, be on these guys when he's playing. They gotta fight through the pick and keep gobert in the paint. Gotta keep him in the paint. Hey, excuse me, excuse me. I have a question, right. Rudy Gobert, he's won defensive player four times, right? Yep. He's won, he's won those awards based on what he does inside the paint, right? Yeah. Where is he? Where, where is he a liability? Out Out there space?


Exactly. Out there space. And what they gonna do? Yeah, they gonna pick him every time. Yes, every time. Because guess what, even if you try to, I'm just going, I'll just bring a shooter in the game. Yeah. So if he stands ass in the paint, I'll shoot, shoot around threes on his days. Yeah. Right now I'm gonna keep picking because I'm gonna bring him. He's got, look, the guys are too good now. It ain't like you, You know, you normally miss when you play, you have one guy that could really like let it go. Yeah. You got a guy if he got hot, those guys now, if you let them shoot, shoot around threes, they gonna make you pay so they can't hide him. It's just like your quarterback now Ocho, you can't hide him. You remember before you can hand the ball up to the running back.


We had shooters now we had shooters. It was just a game. The game is spread it now that Yeah, it's different. Different. I don't, I don't want to disagree with you Mitch, but on average there are more shooters now than when you played. Well how, how they play now, everyone is shooting threes no question about it because I'm gonna tell you why is that? Because sometimes in these games you see two point guards in the game. Yes. You know what I mean? You see two point guards, you see a three man playing to four. Right. So it looks like they're better shooters because you got small wings playing from one in the five. And so everybody has done spread it out. No question about it. That they, they take more threes than we do.


So the the average is out and no question about that. Yes. You gotta understand how they plan together. They playing five, they sometimes they plan five out. Yes. Four out. They playing two, they playing Kyrie plays the two basically. Yes. He plays the two all the way through the game. So they're playing smalls all 'cause we played it at Golden State, we played small ball where we played one through four, one through five. Our center shot threes. So we shot more threes than most teams in the league because of how we played. But yeah, IIII understand getting back to the point. I done lost my thought now, but nah, nah, you good? I done lost because you jumped on there talking about y'all about I jumped on, I jumped on, I jumped on no question about hey, but these guys, these guys now because now it used to be a big yes.


If you were, if you were 16, you played the center position. Yeah. You a all that talking about you a big the only Yeah, because that's what made magic the anomaly. No point because normally a six nine guy Yeah. You are a PowerPoint or a sinner. Right. Magic came in your a point guard that your big ass go pay point. Well that's what it happened. And now you got guys like Yoic shooting threes, Joellen b shooting threes Anthony Davis shooting threes check wi seven, threes and a half, seven form shooting threes, man. And I got before you talk Chico ocho so it comes and I said Ocho, but check this out, the bes don't take advantage of their size.


No. So if, if gold bear's in the game and he is getting, getting killed on the perimeter, the first thing he should be doing is running up, go to the paint and post it up under the basket. Because sometimes he has a small on him. He does, they won't give him the ball. No question. He gotta learn how to score in the pain. But he has to try to dunk everything first. Dunk everything. You gotta dunk everything first. You I'm foul his ass. Yeah. You, you gotta, we don't put nobody, they don't put nobody in foul trouble. So look guy guard me, I'm going right into the painting and I'm going straight up they're gonna f him. But we don't, we don't, they don't take advantage of that.


You know what I mean? IIII Don't understand. I listen, I I'm not a coach. I'm not a coach. But if I, I understand, even though he's a four-time MVP divas, MVP, if I know late in the game, he's a liability. He has no quick pitch fibers. Why not just go small? Understanding that if they do get him out in space, they gonna pick him because they don't they gonna have somebody in that small and they gonna be able to create space every single time. Right. Because you don't have real protection. You know the liability at the end of a game, take Him out. 'cause they want, they want, they want that. If you get beat off the dribble. Yeah. You got a seven, you got a four time defensive player of the year to protect the rim. Yeah. So that's what you want. Because now you take Rudy Goldbe off guy beat you off the dribble.


It's layup. That's, that's why they keep him in the game. Yeah. Hold On. But they hold on. They keeping him in the game. But the guard the guy. Yeah. Hey Mitch. Right Mitch. They keeping him in the game. Right. But he still liability. So they running plays to bring him outside the paint. That's right. And on purpose. That's right. We had, he had no choice but to come out. That's right. Yeah. That's right. And he doing the same thing every time. When Luca hit that shot. Yeah. When he had to come out last year. Yes. They ran the play in purpose. He made him come out the pink. Yes. Right. Yeah. You keep with the Mitch, it's the same thing they do with Luca. They put Luca in the pick and roll because they know he can't defend. That's true. And you go watch, they'll hunt him out. Yeah. It's like, nope, I don't want him.


Yeah. Bring me Luca. Bring me Luca. Yeah. So yeah. Hey, if I get a fish, what? I, I just can't let him get off the hook. Yeah. I just gotta bring him, I gotta get him, I gotta bring him to the boat. Right, right. That's the only thing. That's what we say, bitch, if I got a fish on the line, hey. Yeah. You don't let him go. You keep. Yes sir. Come on. Keep the mind tight on your, don't let it, Hey, don't let it, don't give no slack so he can shake, shake it out his mouth. Hold it right there where he is. Right. Hey, and we gonna keep, do we gonna keep running it until they stop it? Yes. No question about it. But we always see ends up on Luca. He, he, he ends up on those guards. I don't know how it happened. Like, yo, I think they just gotta continue to keep fighting through the pick.


You gotta get it back in front of Luca. 'cause Luca is gonna terrorize. He no one could guard him anyway. No, but you putting a center on him and he just looks like he's gonna go to the basket. Take that step back. Go bear Can't get back. He can't get back to that shot. He can't bother it either way. No. No. Because all Luas, look at the dude Luka looking at, first of all, yeah, you, if you do get back, if you get in a situation, if you get on the side, LUAS wants you to get on the side. 'cause now he going cut you off. That's right. Now he got you on his back. Yes. And now he going to pause and the moment he feel you bump him in the back. Right. He gonna get the shot off. So you gonna get a file and you might give him an A and one. Right. He is very crafty because he's bigger than you think.


He's stronger than you think he can play through contact. You cannot speed him up. Right. And his vision, you trap him. He's like a LeBron. You trapped LeBron. LeBron's like, okay, that's you. Okay, you was guarding this guy, this guy's opening the corner over here, or this guy open over there or I need to snap or the hammer pass or I need to the clear cut a cross court pass. That's Luca. Yeah. All he is is a younger white version of LeBron. A guy that can control the game. There are very few guys that can control the game. Mitch, Luca and LeBron are one. They just happen to be on the same team. And now you got three guys, Luca, ar and LeBron that can get you buckets.


So if one guy's having an off night, the other two can carry the load. Yeah. Now if all three are on, yeah. You got your hands full that night. Hell boy. Yeah. Hell. Have you ever seen, you ever seen how they guard Luca overseas? Nah. Okay. You need to check that out because overseas he can tell you that if he says, he says he done said it publicly, that it's easier to score in the NBA than it is. Yes. For overseas, I believe it thing, the one thing they do when Luca comes off that pick, they jumping it trap if Yeah. Okay. You bless it. When they don't, they, they don't even, they don't even, they don't even trap him. They just jump him.


Yeah. And make him turn his back. Make him get the ball. Okay. Yeah. And make him turn his back for the other guy to come and get back in front of him when you got Luka who can really pass the ball. And he sets a pick. And I got my shoulders narrow. I mean I got my soldiers, so I mean shoulders facing the basket. I got five positions that I can throw the ball to. Right. When you in the pick and roll, you supposed to only have one pass. You're trying to get that guy one pass to, to to, to get an outlet. And that's to the sideline, not down the lane. Right. Not corners, but when they, they play Luca now he has five positions that he could, he can score it, he can pass it.


But overseas they jump him that they make him get it, get get out his hands or make him hold it a little enough so he don't come around that corner facing his, I mean his shoulder facing in the basket. So yeah. It's a little different how they playing. Yeah. What, You know what Mitch, I heard it when he said that. I said, man, you out your mind. No, I heard Yoic, he said it's easy to score in the NBA. Yes. So I'm thinking, I'm like, bro, what are y'all talking about? Yeah. Do you understand they got the best players in the world? That'd be like saying don't you, You know what, it's easier playing football in the UFL than it is the NFL. Are you serious? Right. But you gotta look at now that you mentioned, because they understand. Yes.


They're like, oh no. And the rule, the rules are different. You can knock the ball off the ceiling. You, you all, they play the Olympic, the fever rules are a lot different than American basketball rules. Of course. So in or America might need to adopt those rules. So we wouldn't have such a, a difficult time, Mitch, when we go to the Olympics. That that's why we have, that's why we have two or three games that we have to get adjusted to when we get over there in the Olympics. I played in the Olympics as well. You know, it was a game, it was a time that we were a more physical team than the oly than the overseas game. Right. Now that has changed because they set hard picks. You know what I mean? Yeah. That makes they play more difficult.


And they, they don't have, I don't think they have the three second lane route. Right. We have, so they kind of pack the paint a little bit. So they pack the paint on Luca a little bit. So he has some bodies in there when he goes. So it's, it's totally a different game. And plus the thing, they don't have the athletes, so they gotta play with this. That's right. They going to backdoor pass your ass. They going to cut, they going to scream. Yeah. They gonna do all the things. They're not reliant on athleticism. Right. Not one time. Have you ever heard of a European guy? Boy, he's really athletic. Right? When you look at Dirk, you look at Eboni, you look at Yoic, you look at Luca, Luka, the now Petro.


And you was in the league when Petrovic was playing. Yes. Oh, he could get it. Yeah. He was a bucket. No question. Yeah, no question. You could really shoot it. Yeah. You look at deadlift, shrimp, all those guys, he, you look at a Rick Schmid, all those guys, was they not athletic? That's true. But they understood because they came out playing in that era. Right. No question. No question. Little bit more fundamentals. They had to really rely on the fundamentals. Yes. Yeah. A man told reporters that he's relishing the chance to battle LeBron James over seven game series. It means a lot to match up against him, man. Probably goes down as the greatest player to ever play the game. So trying to put, trying to get, putting him out of the playoffs under my belt is going to be a tough one.


But it's going to be a fun road. Mm. What you think Mitch? I I, I think Lakers, I think Lakers, I, I like Minnesota. I think they don't match up very well with, with the Lakers. You know, Reeves is, is Reeves is a hard, hard guard as well. And when you got, well, what is his name? What is his? The, the Asian dude. Oh, oh. Ruy, Ru Ruy. Rudy, Rudy, when you got him, You know, hitting shots and hitting open shots, they're a tough guard. And You know what they're playing Team defense. Yes. They look and playing team defense. And I never seen that with, with, with, even with Luca, you would thought that they would struggle.


They still go after him, but Luca is really trying to play a little bit sometimes. But they, their, their team defense is so much better. But I don't think Minnesota has enough to, to take him. Because here's the thing, what I, I would say to Luca, if I'm telling him, just don't let the guy beat you out the first move. Mm. Right. Make him go make him go to the second move. Because if he beats you out the first move, we're probably not gonna be able to get there in time. Exactly. And so if we can, if we can make him, make him go to a second move, maybe that give us an opportunity. Because the problem that they got, Mitch, is that Lucas's not a great defender. Ar is not a great defender and LeBron really only tried to defend in spurts. So you're playing with, you're playing with three guys out there that's really not defenders right now.


You might have Finn Smith who's your own, one of your own ball defenders. You get Vanderbilt that comes in, he's your own ball defender. But you give up so much offensively Yeah. When Vanderbilt comes in the game because he's not an offensive threat. So people slump off him and now I can help on LeBron, I can help on Luca, I can help on ar but I agree with you. They have to play because they really don't have, I mean, Jackson Hayes is, is, is a help defender. He's not a on ball defender at six at seven foot tall. He no, he, he's a rim runner. He can get, he is a lob threat. He'll get it off the rim and give you some second chance points. But they have to play team defense in order for them to have a chance to win. Because they don't really have a great, they don't have a Daon Mitchell, they don't have a holiday, they don't have a Derrick White, they don't have guys like that that can on ball pressure you and hound you.


Like some, some of those, like some of the guys that I mentioned. Yeah. Listen, You know, I, You know, I love, I love and confidence. I love his confidence. I love what he's saying. I love that he's talking. I love that he's willing to face the challenge and show people what he can do. Yeah. But like, like you said, miss like you said, they just don't have enough firepower. They don't have enough firepower. Even if you make LeBron or you make Luca and you make everyone else exert all that energy on the devil's end, on the, on The's end and, and think that might somewhat deplete them offensively. Yeah. Then would all you obviously need outside of Anthony, Amber, you need everybody else collectively to be able to show up in a seven game series. Right.


And it just, it's, it is not, it, it's not gonna happen. Right. It's not because a night where Luca's off then LeBron, LeBron and Rui and Officer Reeds might be on a not a night that, that that LeBron is off, then Luke's gonna be on and it just collectively as, as a group, they're a much better team as a whole. Yes. As opposed as opposed to, to the wolves. I like, I, I love and I love the confidence. Yes. And he probably, he probably gonna show up. He gonna show out. He gonna Yeah. They don't got nobody stop. He definitely, what Is everybody, what is everybody else gonna do? Yeah. That's a problem. Right, right. And, and, and I'm looking to see, You know, this is the playoffs though. Yes. So I'm looking to see if they change up any way how they play Luca or how they play LeBron.


Like this is the time to do it now, where you really zeroing in on a four game series, then you try different things. So maybe one of those things might stick. So I'm pretty sure that they, You know, in the draw on, on the, on that in practice or, or when they, in their meetings, they're trying to come up with different ways that they can play LeBron or they can play Luca. So it's gonna be interesting to see how they come out and do that though. But we know Ant gonna show up. No question. Yeah. But it's gonna be incumbent that Julius Randall plays extremely well and now we know he's capable of now Ju Drew Randall. Yeah. He's a big body guy. Right. Look, he's look, he likes to go, he likes to go to that left hand. He let him occasionally knock down the three point shot.


But he's a big body guy. Yeah. He going to post you up. He's going, You know, so I think the thing is the inter interesting matchup, because this is probably the first time that question LeBron probably the second option for the first time in, in his career. 21 years. Of course. But Mitch, he, he, he liked the second option. That's right. And if you said that, you're like, okay, I ain't been to fight you. Right. You've never been able to say that at any other point in time in his career. No, no. Not, not at all. But you got, you got two, you got two guys that when they have the ball, they're the first option. Yes. So when LeBron has it, he's the first option. When, when, You know, when Luca has it, he's the first option. And Reeds now done got into the mix where he, he don't have to pass the ball because he's so efficient in hitting his shot.


So yeah, they're, they're, they're, they're a different team of, of how they playing now. And, and Luca is the number one guy that, You know, he's number one ball handler. Yeah. He can rest, he can rest now a little bit on that. He don't have to do all of the things. Right. He have to be the pa the guy that can make all of the passes. So Yeah. It's gonna be interesting though. I like the fact that Luca has the ball. 'cause LeBron is better off the ball than Luca. I can put LeBron in the dunker spot. I can put him in the pick and roll. He can roll to the basket. That's Luca is not really a roller. He's, I ain't put Luca in the dunker spot. Yeah, right. I ain't put Luca in the Dunkin spot, but Luke hey, off the ball you can catch.


He can catch and shoot. Yeah. I like Le I like LeBron there because like you said, it takes him off the ball. He doesn't have to exert himself nearly as much. Right. And Ocho and I was talking about this, they might have gave LeBron another two to three years with Luca there. Not Mitch, no question about that. Yeah. And, and they gonna reload this summer, You know what I mean? Yeah. So yeah, they're, they're trying to get fresh bodies for him so they can, You know what I mean? Like, he don't have to do all of the work. Now you got another passer that can pass like him. So, I mean, we wasn't looking at the Lakers to be at the number three spot. If we were talking about the summertime and coming up into this season, it was a lot of doubt of where they were gonna be.


Yeah. That now that they done made it to the, to the third spot. Pretty remarkable.


Tell you the truth. It is on April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parents.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it. Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Damien Lillard has been clear of his deep vein thrombosis and is no longer on blood thinning medication. The bus didn't give a timeline for Dame's return, but said he'll continue to increase his on court basketball activity. He won't play Saturday for game one of the Bucks playoff series against the Pacers. Mitch, what are, what is the buck ceiling? If they, let's just say, okay, we know he's not playing in game one. What is their ceiling if they get Dame back at some point in time, let's just say he comes back game. Let's just say for the sake of argument, the first two games on the road, he doesn't play. He comes back for game three. Dame comes back for game three. One on the buck ceiling.


Man, can they get outta the east? Ah, I think they have an opportunity to get to the, the Eastern Conference Finals. No question about it. If they're healthy, if Dame come in with the right, I think mindset they done, I think who they, they just got the guy from what? Washington. Oh, Kyle Kuzma. Kyle Kuzma. Oh, you Kyle know him. Got a little bit. No, I'm just saying, You know, he doesn't, he he's a, he's a great player at the third position, the third, You know, third or fourth position. He's a great player. Right. He doesn't have to be the leader. You know, he, he was a great player at that. But yeah, I mean, I, I think nobody's still gonna, You know, take over Boston.


Yeah. I think Boston is is the team to be Cleveland. I think Cleveland can get there and, and that can be the Eastern Conference Friday. But I just think Milwaukee is right where they at? I see Cleveland and, and Boston in the finals. See, I see. See this is what I, this is what I'm talking about. This is what I'm talking about. First. First it was on, then it was ISO Joe, Matt, here we go again. Mitch. Here we Go. What, what I do, what I do. You talk about who coming out east and the first thing you say is you say maybe the bucks. No, no, no, no. Give the cab. No, he said Boston may be calves. I, I, yeah. I say Boston maybe be calves. I said, well how The calves, I just told you earlier, about 20 minutes ago, the calves wasn't even getting past the heat.


So how you got the Calves? Well, I, You know what? I forgot you was on that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry homie. I'm I'm sorry homie. I'm sorry. You still on that Miami heat? That's what we messed up. Right? We we're sorry about that. But Lemme you a chance to fix it. Go ahead. I'm gonna let you fix it. Go ahead. You gonna lemme fix it. Yeah, go ahead. You know, You know, You know, I'm mean. I just told you I'm, You know, that's my hometown too, homie. That's all. I'm Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Mm. But I think Cleveland got 'em, bro. I think Cleveland got, I got, I think Cleveland got, okay. I got something better for you. Can We get a bell? Can we, can we get a be Let that put something on the floor for you. Make a life for yourself. What you want, what you Want. Bet. I mean, I raised you in a hundred.


Man. Put your hamstring gonna pop. You gonna look like somebody, a sniper shot your as. Shit a hundred on me. Let's go. Listen. Hey, I'm in shape, right? I'm still running Right. I give you 30 meters. I give you 30 meters. Aint, and I Ain't, ain't no way, bro. I'm on the stair climber, baby. I'm ready, Huh? Yeah. You got a Mitch. I play soccer every day, bitch. I I play soccer every day. Okay. Yes. Fulfill 40 minute halves. All right. I'm, I'm still running like that. Alright, Well I I'll take that back then. My bad. I Go ahead. Don't take that back. You're right. You right, you right. I lose that. But hey man, get off these Miami Heat, man. I love them. I love them. I love Pat Round. I love everything they doing, but I, I, I don't know if they can get past Cleveland.


You know what? This, this is similar to the same story in the Bible. Like David and Goliath, they had, they had no faith in in David. That's, that's gonna be a, They had, they had no faith in David. Okay. And right now, basically the heat or David Get some shots, some, some smooth five pebbles. Something that ain't happening baby. That ain't happening. Man, come on. It's So funny. Listen, you two don't believe the chat. The chat. I can see y'all. I see y'all talking trash talking about what, what am I smoking and what's wrong with me? I'm delusional. But when it happens, I don't wanna hear nothing. Okay. Hear nothing. John Sally says the NBA band all NBA footage before 1974.


He also said Wilt Chala was seven three and could run a four or five 40. I mean, he was athletic. I mean I, the footage that they show you see him getting up, up and down the court. Right. Right. They changed the rules. Right. They changed the rule for real. He was just too, I mean, you never gonna see a guy his record. They, I mean, for some of these records they might as well just take 'em down. Ain't nobody gonna get 23,000 rebounds ain't ever Right. Right. Nobody's gonna average 27. He averaged two seasons where he averaged 27 rebounds a game. That's crazy. He averaged 25 rebounds a game while averaging 50 points a game. Yeah. He was 40. See, thought he was, oh man, that was a novelty. He'll never do that again.


So he say, You know what, I'm gonna average 44 and 27 the next year after averaging 50 and 25. Man, I got a question. Yes. And I, I mean no, I mean, no disrespect, I haven't been able to see the footage Yes. Of, Of him back then at the time, obviously being able to average 27 a game, whatever it might've been. Right. Is there ever a comparison to him, and I mean this in no disrespectful way, is there a comparison to him in today's basketball game? And the first thing that comes to mind is wi from an athletic standpoint, is there any kind of comparison or no. No. Or a no go. No. You gotta realize he could run, he could run a sub. He could run damn near 49 seconds. In the 400 meters. Yeah. He could, Shaq put 50 feet.


He could high jump almost seven feet, bro. He could. No, no. There's no comparison. No. Now maybe Shaq, because Shaq is more athletic than you think. Yeah. People don't realize that because you look at when Was smaller, When you look at Shaq, no, but Shaq was really, really athletic. Shaq could catch, Shaq could run. Now I'm not saying he had will speed, but Shaq. Yeah. But but he was the closest. He was the closest. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. Yeah. He was the closest. No question. Yo Wil Wil was unbelievable, bro. Yeah. I mean he ran the 400 meters. He threw the shot, put he, everything. Everything. Yeah. You know, so, but yeah, he got a lot of, a lot of numbers in. No.


Okay. I ain't go in there. Yeah, go ahead Mitch. We gonna get you outta here on this one. Okay. Who, who? MVP. And who is gonna get the Larry O'Brien trophy man? Larry O'Brien. I know, I know for sure Shay has to get it this year. You mean the MVP? Yeah, the MVP. Yeah. No question about it. You know that team is, is number one. They've been winning all year. He's been showing up, showing out for the last two years in a big way. No question about it. I think that Shaa would get MVP now the O'Brien trophy man, I don't, I don't even know.


Gimme the, gimme the criteria on that. No, you got, okay, you got Boston Thunder. Who going, who gonna win the championship this year? Oh man. Oh Jesus. He, come on. Oh man, that's a, that's man, that's a tough one, bro. I, I, if I have to go back, I would have to go back to the defending champions. Okay. So I wouldn't get myself in trouble. You know what I mean? So I would have to go back to the defending champs. I think what changes is who they meet in the finals this year, You know? So I honestly, bro, I think the Lakers have a good chance to get into the finals this year.


I agree. You know, I think I would say that in the beginning of the year, no question about it. But do you see OKC and the Lakers in the Western conference? Finals? I do championship. I do that. That can be that. You know, I like, I like that. Huh. But if you see, if you see the Lakers, the OKC and the Western conference finals, who you got winning? Who you got winning the finals though? To go to the, to the championship Lakers in five. That's it. In five? Yeah, we got, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Alright. Alright. Get, what is that, what's their record this year? What, what is the split between KCKC and Lakers?


What, what is it? One in three. See I would've liked that matchup had they not thrown Luke out of the ball game. I don't know why they thrown Luke out. 'cause the official, he was on one. He knew Luca was talking to that, that that fan. Right. That was chirping his ear because he had, so he just hit a three. Why the hell he going yell something to the official. That's true. Nick. Three. But you, you coming up with a lot of excuses over there though. That's already, Hey you, we dropped him by 27. Okay. You saw that with everybody play? We dropped them by by 27. I saw that one. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. Did okay. You saw it. So I don't need to offer without explanation. Okay.


Alright. Mitch, anything you gotta promote, tell us how you can find, tell us how to chat, how they can find you on social media. I mean, you can find me on Mitch, Mitch Rock Richmond 23. I got a lot of things coming up. You know, we got a podcast. I mean, I'm getting, getting ready to get my podcast going. Also, we have a, we have a documentary coming with run TMC. Okay. We'd be looking for that. And yeah, you can find me at Mitch Rock Richmond 23. Appreciate you guys on ig. Hey, matter of fact, matter of fact, You know, you, you, you did pick the basketball up a little bit. Huh? You still pick the basketball up a little bit and play a little bit? Yeah. Yeah. Once in a while. What's up? Okay, now I'll be just checking 'cause I, I got a few people on the hit list that I, that I got a beat and I just want join.


I just wanna know if you wanna join that hit This Chad. Chad. Anytime, bro. Come on. O ocho. Okay. Come on Ocho. Listen, Listen. I'm, I'm, I'm, listen, I'm, I know you, I'm not trying to say you handicapped, but I'm gonna handicap before you just to give you an advantage. You Ain't gimme no handicaps. No handicaps. You got the handicap. You gonna have a handicap. You talking about you gonna give A handicap. You gonna Handicap Handicap. Hold on, Mitch. I score, i, I score 56 from as a freshman all the way to senior in high school. You score what, 56 points a game? 56 points a game? Yeah. At Beach High. Who? Beach High? Yeah. Yo. Yeah. You know Beach High over there on South Beach?


Yes. That, that was me. That I check checking the record books. I don't see none of that. I don't see none of that. Okay. I know you don't see but you ain't Rachel. No, No, no. I'm just saying I'm, you might have done it, but I don't see none of that. That don't scare me. Okay. We going 11 point. I'll meet you at, wait, where you at? What city you in right now? You in La? I'm, I'm in LA but I'll be down in Fort Lauderdale soon. When? Listen, You know, soon, soon. Take too long for me. I'll be in la You'll be okay. Well let's do it. LA Fitness. Matter of fact, no, I want the people to see, so Venice Beach, Venice Beach till 11. I'm gonna hold On. Okay. Hold on. Here go. They handicap here, here where the handicaps are. I ain't playing on no damn concrete on me. Why? What's the problem? No, no, no, no.


I got the back. Yeah. I ain't playing on the country. Making Excuses now we playing in the gym. That's what we, no, no. I don't wanna play in the gym. I wanna play outside so the people can see what I do to you. Oh, well. Well I'm out. I'm out. You don't gonna get the rules. You can't pick the rules. I gotta get the rules. I wanna play inside the gym. Huh? Come On. But ain't nobody gonna be able to see inside the gym mi Well, don't be scared. We're gonna live streaming. Okay. Right. Okay. Do that. Alright. They left. Alright. You wanna put some money on it? Till 11? Till 11? You lose. Okay, let, well, let's do it. How much you put? Matter of fact, hey This is the funny thing about it, right? Yeah. I ain't, I'm not even gonna go mid range and I ain't gonna push your ass up 'cause you're too little.


Damn. I'm gonna do everything from the outside. Really? Yeah. Well I, I, I, You ain't even seen me on defense. Okay. So that's the part. You, you gonna be frustrated because you ain't gonna be able To score. Okay. So You know what I'm gonna do? I'm not gonna shoot no jumpers. I'm going straight inside 11. How you gonna get past me? I know I'm, I'm gonna back you down. They ain't getting past you. I don't need to pass you. How you gonna back me down man? This shoulder, this shoulder, this shoulder, bro. Ain't You too little, bro? Hey, hey, hey, you better tell 'em to go watch some film. I, I been playing. You talk about I watch you, I I got your jersey. What you talking about? Okay. But, but you need, but, but I would but that's where I started at homie.


I started in that pain. Okay. Alright, alright, alright. Alright. I love you. Hey Mitch, thank you for joining us man. And come back and joining us soon, Mitch. Alright man. You guys be good man. Appreciate you. Thanks that appreciate you man. Alright man. See old the great Mitch Richmond hall of Fame. Mitch Richmond with the Golden State Warriors and the Sacramento King. Hey Ocho. Look here. Yo. Hey Chad. Look what Penny sent your boy. Hey man, here we go again man. You guys put no shoes shooting. I did Them The Galaxy ones, right? Them the Galaxy? Yes. Yeah. Look, can't ask for the paranormal. Why everybody send you stuff and don't send two pair?


Because, Because you ain't asked for ish. I don't need to ask. You supposed to say something for me. You this, you on the, with me. All you had to do is say, hey, hey, hey Peter. Send me a pair of too. What, what are we doing? Anything you get, we, we come as a unit. We come together. It is as one Ask. You don't see me out there. You challenging everybody. You there challenging everybody till I play a game. I'm trying to get gear. That's me. Well listen, I I Hey Mitch Richman, you finna get this work. I so Joe, I know you probably watching you nigga this work. Ken Martin, if you don't sleep with my cigars, I'm gonna beat your ass.


Who else? Who else? Who else? Huh? Who else I owe Me? That's it Ocho you gonna pay about 5,200. I'm gonna beat your ass. Listen, I'll fold your, I'll fold your ass up like a large here. Man. Don't do that. Not after I seen you rumble under three 15. You ain't folding up ish. Oh no, no, no, no, no. That I had did, I had did three sets at 2 25 to warm up. So because You know my body not used to that type of weight. I'm think I'm be honest with you. I'm gonna be honest with you. I go in that coat. I go in that coat. I probably, I probably could do. How many times you do? 2 25 only. Honestly, I'm not even gonna, I'm not gonna sit in lie play with you. I can only do it nine times on once, once I get to nine, I can't even hit 10. Hey, them, them clean.


You need some socks though. You heard me? Don't worry about it. You need some shoes. I I thought you said you weren't. I better. It's either for me to get Fox for you to get shoes. Hold on. I, I want, I don't want the Galaxy kind. I want the all the, All the all blue. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The Original the original phone project. Yeah. Damn man. I started asking for the Paranormals, but these work, Y'all don't get me nothing, man. Oh joke. I don't. Chad, did y'all see on with Penny? Hold on, on was Penny, was I on here about myself with Penny or was Ocho on this chat also?


I don't wanna I don't wanna be rude. I don't wanna be rude if you ask. I don't wanna follow up and behind and be like, oh yeah, can I get a pair of too? Okay. Let somebody come on ask for something you and you ask for. I was, Hey bro, see your boy one of them things too. Got you. That, that's, that's rude. I don't wanna be rude. Well, I'm gonna be rude. I mean, I, I would Think you would, I mean, you would be gracious enough to ask your co-host asking me, You know, me and Unc, me and Ocho had this show. If you sending me one, can you send him one too? That's what I would do. You ain't never asked the ish. Huh? I I don't ask them because I, I'm, I'm thinking that You know, you, you a lead in, you a lead into the conversation with it. So it's my fault. You ain't got no shoes now.


Huh? You got my Funko. You got all awards. You got the awards you got Hold on. You got what? You got the plaque. You've got a hundred thousand plaque and you got a million plaque. You got all the Webbies, you got two Webbys also. Okay. And you stole a webby. I did. I did. I did. But it's not the real one though. I did. It's cool. It's cool. And I think we gonna get some more weddings this year For real? I think so. Hey, are we gonna go? 'cause I, I got this nice suit I wanna wear as peach. We'll see.


Yeah. Yeah. Let, let me know. 'cause I, I just wanna get on stage. I just want 'em, I want people to see my outfit. Oh. You know, you only get five words. Yeah. And I'm gonna say the same thing I said last year. I fucking love you guys. I'm gonna say pay me my 5,200. That's about, that's my speech. Hey. Hey Unc. Can I, can I tell you something? What? There I, I bought something else. Oh no, I need, I need a work truck. So, You know, I had a Suburban right. You know, I, I had a Suburban. Yeah.


So I just traded my sur my suburban in and I just got a cyber truck that, that's not bad. Trying to hold choke. I'm trying to, I'm, and I'm, I'm worried about the environment. So I went, I went electric. So it was, it was for a good cause. Now I'm not saying listen, I don't, I don't support. I mean, I'm not, I'm not a supportive and You know, people don't like that. I'm not worried about the individual itself. I just like the truck because it fits me. The truck is ugly and I'm ugly. Right. That's It. This man here, this man buy Chad. Y'all see this. Now y'all talking about man, man, you need to stall Ocho man.


Don't do OCHO like that. Y'all see this man? Now this man done bought a, a Lambo. This man done bought a cyber truck. This man done got a new house. He done bought furniture and they paid me my 5,200 check. Hold on, hold on. But what about my kids? How they going eat? You ain't thinking about that when you buying 700,000 cars. I know, but I'm using the 5,200 to feed my kids. Okay. Y'all seen what I'm talking about Chad? Y'all see how this man, this man, this man performing a Shakespearean play right in my damn face. And y'all and y'all Kiki kid right there along with him. What kind of, boy, Hey, alright, listen, my daughter graduated from Prairie View a and m in May.


My son graduated the following day from Arizona State. So think about how far that 5,200 could take me for them to be able to give my daughter flowers when she graduated from Prairie View. A and m. Not as far as 700,000 shoulda have took you. Huh? You shoulda have took that money. Say, You know what? I'm gonna, hold on. I'm gonna hold off. I ain't gonna even get that car. I'm gonna wait because, You know, I owe 5,200. I'm gonna go ahead and break unc. Hey, but I'm, I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give you your money at the Baltimore show. Live cash. And I want my, I want my money tomorrow. Well, if you would download any of the apps that I asked you to download to make the transaction easy, we would've got your money seven months Ago.


How long, what y'all think about this? This man, how many months? This man, this man doing Shakespeare in my face? That's the play. I mean, what is Denzel's on Broadway? What is he doing? What? Denzel Othello. OI and I Othello. Yeah. Well, honestly, You know what? Just, just to, just to give you better context, You know, I took, I took drama theater in high school too now. Yeah, it about to be some drama. Yeah. About to be the drama soul. But this ain't no actor here. Boy, I love it.


The Volume Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Ah, come on. Why is this taking so long? This thing is ancient. Still using yesterday's tech upgrade to the ThinkPad X one carbon ultralight ultra powerful and built for serious productivity. With Intel core ultra processors blazing speed and AI power performance, it keeps up with your business, not the other way around. Whoa, this thing Moves. Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Win the tech search@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo Unlock AI experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon, powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, create, and boost productivity all on one device.