
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Id Nan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on LA tablet. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at Draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sportsbook A crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho OCHO Deshaun Watson underwent a second surgery, ah, for a right Achilles rupture. The first surgery was on October 25th, the second was Thursday. So how did rock, how did Watson rupture his Achilles a second time? According to a team statement, earlier this week, Watson reported to the cross country mortgage campus for an exit physical as a part of the brown season ending process. He complained of discomfort after rolling the ankle in Miami. Amar results demonstrated a re-rupture of the Achilles. Allegedly, allegedly. There's a video was taken 62 days after surgery.


Ocho let's take a listen it. Take a look at the video. Yeah, if you notice. Go ahead Ocho. What normally happens, I've had a lot of, I don't know if you've had teammates that have ruptured their Achilles. They're normally in a boot for at least three months. What makes this injury so difficult to repair, to recover from is that when they put you in a boot, the muscles start to atrophy. So now you know what happened. Now you got weakness. So now you have to build that calf muscle.


Right now you have to build all those muscles up, right? So you can't do anything. It's not like a, like a, like an ACL ocho. They get your butt in there the day after surgery. They got you bending that leg, they got you raising it, squeezing that quad muscle, try to get it firing. They're putting stem on it to get that muscle firing, to keep that muscle from atrophy, right? Well, when you're in a boot, there ain't really anything that you can do 62 days after surgery. Deshaun didn't have the boot on. This is why. And OCHO remember we had the conversation. I'm like, why is he reworking his contract when he got guaranteed money? Now we know.


Why don't we Now we know why. Remember I said Ocho, he got guaranteed. Why would I rework my contract? Y'all can't do nothing. He's gonna miss all the 25. He missed a large part of 23. He missed dab near all of 24. He's gonna miss all of 25. Mm. Listen, I listen. I don I don't wish injury on nobody. You already know how I feel about Andrews in general. It's, it's unfortunate. I I I've been one who's, who stood high, you know, and, and hoping that we get the Deshaun Watson of role. This is a setback, you know, for him. It's also a setback for the Browns.


I'm, I'm curious to see what the Browns are gonna do at that position, knowing where they picking the draft Going. If, if they're able to find someone to, to, to, to, to play the quarterback position. Will you bring a veteran in? Would it be maybe Kirk Hudson? Can Joe Flacco maybe come back? I'm not sure what they gonna do, but man, this is, this is not good for them. It's not good for Deshaun. And, and that's, that's, that's upsetting. It is on Joe. And I never, look, when this thing happened on Cho, I thought what was going on with Deshaun was more mental than physical.


Right. It was what transpired and then everybody kind of knew or thought they knew. And what was true was that's not our job. Right? We're not here to try to re try anything or say somebody's in innocent or guilty. But what we can say is that when people realize and say, damn, all of this, all of this, and let's just say for the sake of Barbara, all of it's true. All of it's real. It's the fact that everybody knows it's the same thing that happened with Tiger. I mean, think about it. Ocho now this different situation, allegedly nothing. Tiger didn't, people said Deshaun made, did things against the will.


But what I'm saying is that when Tiger, people like Tiger, you still playing golf. Right? Right, right. The fact that they saw him in a different light, right? Yes sir. Now all of a sudden, he wasn't this wholesome, this family married father of two. Oh, You a freak. And it messed with him psychologically. Yeah. I mean he won one more major after that, after that happened in 2000, I think 2009, Chris, well, Thanksgiving of 2009. And then he didn't win the major until, what, what year did he win the, the, it was the masters. It was the last major that he won.


'cause he was stuck on 14 for a very, very long Time. Yeah. You, you know, you know what that comes from as well, obviously. Right? Not only are you embarrassed publicly about everyone knowing what, how you conducted yourself away from the game of golf, but any, if, if anything, what you could have done is you could have stayed true to yourself, stayed true to yourself. Everybody knows now. So why don't, don't change. Because not only did it change you as a golfer, you were winning majors and playing extremely well and at the, at the height of your game when you were doing whatever it was you were doing outside, outside of the golf course. Yeah. I, After everybody find out, you might as well just stuck to the script. But here's the thing.


O you I stick to the script. If you look at guys that have built big, big brands, what are they all being Married? Mm. That's what we selling. He's the all American guy wife, 2.5 kids house white picket fence. Mm. Go look at the guys that have the biggest brand all Jack Nicholas, Arnold Palmer, Michael Jordan, PEY Manning, Tom Brady, Patrick Mahon. You look at Guy Kobe, LeBron James. Yeah, Shaq was ma. Go look at the guys that have built these huge brands and what do they all have?


The on loan exception. What's the loan exception? Ocho, Derek Jeter Rock. I'm talking about people that's building half a billion, billion dollar. You talking some ocho. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I I got that Now don't, don't do That. So don't do. I I I think you know, and may and maybe that's what, you know, maybe that's what he was looking at. Ocho The problem is he got married and didn't have his peepee under control and then everybody knew it. I ocho you don't about to be, I don't want everybody to know I'm a freak. Right? Right. Freak man. Freak man. Yeah. That's me.


I want y'all to know that. Yeah, People knew now they look good because guess what, Ocho you walk to the course, everybody looking at you. I be, I be Tiger shook. I bet Tiger shook the covers last night. Yeah. And, and listen, everybody, everybody, everybody on that goddamn course just like him. Just everybody don't know about it. See, You see a pretty girl at the golf course. I wanna shit for Tiger. I bet that's tiger people. You thinking What you thinking Ojo? You think that? I dunno. See, I just, I just, I just ojo we just, we just gotta keep it wet out with you.


But hopefully Deshaun have a speedy recovery and then he's never gonna be the same quarterback again. Don't Joe. Never. Nah, never. Now it's not really about playing, bro. You, bro you in your thirties, you wanna have a normal life. You don't wanna be walking around like Shannon Sharp in 56 and you 35, 33, 34, Right? You wanna have, you want have somewhat of a normal life. You wanna be able to walk without a limb. Hell, you walk with a li at 32, what the hell you think you gonna be at party to 52? 62? Hell, you damn near need a wheelchair. So now it's about getting a a, a level of, of health back where you can do stuff.


I don't, I don't know if he, if he wants kids or he is gonna have kids, but you wanna wanna do something with the kids, Right? So Deshaun get Well, Meryl, like I said, I I don't know if at this point in time I'm not even thinking about playing football. I'm thinking about hitting, tackling this rehab, take it as serious as I possibly can and try to heal up and, and to get back. 'cause 2025 is over. You're not coming back. You retort in January, that's a 12 month injury. You're not coming back. You're not playing, you're not playing football until 2026.


Speedy recovery Ocho Yo Pelican suspended Zion Williamson after the, reportedly after he reportedly after he reported late to a team flight to Philly, Zion just returned to the court after a 27 game absence. And now he will miss Friday's game against the Sixers. Well, listen, didn't he just sit out after having a small hamstring injury? He Missed 27 games. He came back. Yeah, he sat out again and then he showed up late to the plane. Plane. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Can I ask you a question? Don't you? Yes, Sir. Do they spring these trips on you? Or, you know, when you, it's not like a surprise, a test, bro.


Yeah. They give you, they give you itinerary. We leaving XX amount, X time. Right. This man don't come up about playing. Look here guy at, at some point in time, we've gotta come to the conclusion, interested in playing basketball for New Orleans. He might not even be interested in playing basketball. How you miss that many games and the First time that you really have to travel and you're gonna play, you show up late. Right? No man, don't that, that's, that's, that's not, he don't care. That's not, he don't care Joe. And inform him to get suspended. For him to get suspended, that means it wasn't his First time either. Or They're trying to send a very, very strong message.


What would that message be, Bro? You bull driving. So we finn to start taking a hundred, 150, $200,000 a up from you. Right? Well you listen now you gotta be careful. Now you got, you gotta be careful. 'cause now, now if you think he bull driving, you know, and you start taking money from him, then you gonna see you, you gotta deal with the pushback. Oh. So that's what we doing. All right. We know what, I don't even wanna be here no more. Well, well that's very obvious. Have you, have you, have you seen, I mean, what gave you, tell me what gave you the impression that he wanted to be there?


He to come out and say that he don't wanna play there. Because normally I don't need you to tell me. You showed me with your actions. See, I see better than I hear Here. Yeah, I hear you telling me you wanna be there, but I see every time I turn around you're hurt. I see. Every time I turn around, I gotta put a weight clause in your contract. Right. To make sure, sure. You don't overeat. You're not healthy, you're not taking it serious, bro. How you show up late when you know my job, we travel Ocho they done gave you itinerary. Right. We get itinerary, we get Friday. Okay?


We leave it at such and such. Okay, we got practice. Boom, boom, boom, we got blah. Okay, got practice tomorrow morning. We got, we got meeting, we got walkthrough, playing leaves at three 30. They didn't spring that on him. Right. Man, I wonder what time the plane, man, I thought we was leaving at bro. Man. Sorry y'all been stopped Karen and all y'all. But I, but I fought, but I, I, I fought a lot of the, the, the people in the chat, man, let that man live, man. He young, young fat people become old fat people and old fat people don't live long.


You ever see old fat person? No. Joe Uhuh? Nope. He got, he he gonna to get it together. I don't know when. I dunno. They said That when he was 19. They said that when he was 20. They said that when he was 20. Well, how's on or not? 22 or 23. But you know what I think he need? Huh? You hear me? What? You know what I think he, he needed a change. The scenery? No, he need to change his eating habits. He's okay. Y'all said that when he was 19. Oh, he gonna get it together. Unc man, let them stall him out. He said that when he was 20. Man, come on Unc, man, you being hard on him bro. At 21 unc damn.


22. Oh. Let the man believe, damn, he kinda can't enjoy himself at 23 now he 24. So what is it now? I dunno. I dunno. I don't know what it May be. It's the same story Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. Over and over. I mean, don't, I mean, don't you want to have enough ride? You see all that's what hurt, that's what hurt Ocho. You see the talent level? Ooh. You see what he can be, what he could be. But it don't mean enough to him. You know? Listen, you know he was supposed to be next to line as the face of the NBA huh?


Coming out Ocho before you go any farther. Zion has reportedly been laid for multiple practices reported by Chris Hayes. A pattern of behavior that led to the organization. So not only is he overweight, he lazy, he don't get to practice on time. I told, I I told you, I told you it wasn't the First time. If they suspended you for missing a flight, they not suspending you. It's not your First time. That is, that's an accumulation of things that happens over time where they get fed up. Now when you get to this point, it's only a matter of time before they move on from you. You know, and I, there there are many suitors, matter of fact, the Lakers are looking for another piece.


Now that piece can be Zion or that piece could be Jimmy Buckets. I'm not sure which way they wanna go. I just, I I know who I know who would be a good mentor that'll get him on the right track. Look, he gonna show up late. But if he get mad at DoorDash when they come late, When you shout out for that one, that's a good one. That's a good one. I mean, come on o come on. Check. Come on man. Bro, you making $30 million a year, ocho, that is your job. And you late for practice. You lay for the plane and you overweight.


You like, well, hell, I might as well go for the trifecta. I'm gonna be overweight late for practice and I'm gonna miss the plane. That's a damn shame. 1 1, 1 thing about it, you know them, them NBA boys, they make, they make what I call fu money. You know? And I, I don't, I don't think they wanna But Don't give it back. Yeah. Why would you give it back to him? Yeah. Hey, one thing about it though, you know what you get when he healthy, boy, boy, he's special man. I Tell you, you know what? Don't yo, everybody talking about, oh, I love Michael Jordan. Killer instinct. I love the mama mentality. Well, y'all need to ask how many times were Michael and Kobe late since y'all love so much about, oh, y'all love that aspect.


But it's not that aspect that made them great. It was the other thing that made them great. Yeah. They did everything right though. Huh? They had the, they had different, they had a different type of discipline. They had a different type of mentality. Their approach to the game was completely different. They cut from a different cloth in general, you really can't compare them in their preparation in the way they approached the game and their craft to anybody else. They in the class of their own. All I'm saying though, Joe, everybody look, everybody is, doesn't have the same level of talent. Right. The one thing you can control is you, your effort, God gave you x amount of talent.


You can get a little better by your work ethic and things that you do, but you only gonna be so good. I can't make you be on time Mo Joe. Right. It's gotta matter to you. Yeah. I I, I can't. I can't. And see here is the problem that you run into anybody that's been injured, you see what happens is that you get, if you get injured during the season, guess what? You can't work out. Right. Well, you can't work out and you still eat the exact same. Because if you can't control your eating when you play it and work, what makes you think you gonna be able to control your eating when you not running up and down that court?


35, 40 minutes a night. That's our young problem. He get hurt during the season and he might be at a comfortable way. He don't even, he don't even care. Yeah. He don't care. I, I, I refuse to believe it. Chat y'all about, man. You don't know that. Man. I, I need, I know enough. I know his weight. I know he late. And, and the, if the reports are to be, be believed, I know Chris Hay very well. He used to be on with us at undisputed all the time. Yeah. He don't care because that's a, that's a lot.


That's not caring. Yeah. You got, you gotta get the, I I wonder who we got. I wonder who we got riding, bro. You know? Yes. People, they tell him what he want to hear, not what he needs to know. Because if I tell you what you need to know, Ocho, guess what, you gonna stop the bus and ask me to get off, man. I don't wanna get off this ride. And I need some of that reflective shine because if I'm with you, if the spotlight on you and I'm with you little that shine gonna hit on Sha too. Right. I'm up in there. Hey. Yeah. That my boy Zion. Oh, you with, you know Zion. Well come on over here then. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Yeah, I, I understand. I understand. He got the wrong people riding. He, he just listen.


He should just hang with me. Hang with me. I'll get him right Bro. You eat McDonald's, that's the last person he need to hang with. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I, no, You said McDonald's. You said a So you want him to eat McDonald's? No, I'm gonna get him on my nutritional plan. McDonald's? No, no. A nutritional plan for him. No, that's not what you said. You said hang with you. Everybody that's come on this show. Hey, E McDonald's. That's what you said, Chad. But I'm saying, I'm saying, but also I'm trying to keep him on the court. He don't wanna be on the court. He on the court.


It's in the mall. It's called the food court. He all over that. I don't know if in new, I haven't spent a whole lot of time, I spent a little bit of time in New Orleans. I don't know if they got mall, but I'm sure they probably got the, they might not have the, like they might have, what do they call 'em like in Miami where they have the, out like an outdoor mall or something. Because we know like in Atlanta we got indoor malls. Right. You know what I'm saying? And they got a food court. Right. He probably, he owned that one. Oh. He spent a lot of time. I guarantee he spent 40, 50 minutes a night on that court. Well you, you know what the fact that he's playing New Orleans and he has a problem with his weight. And New Orleans is probably the best place when it comes to food.


Probably one of the top places when it comes to food. Where the hell can you go? They don't have good food. Name a city that you can go when you make a hundred, you got a contract for $150 million that you can't get good food. And if you got a contract for a hundred and mid $50 million, guess what else you can get? You can get here to hire a damn chef. Yeah. Well maybe he has a chef and we don't know it. Huh? Well, he need to fire him because if your chef got your ass 20, 30 pounds overweight, you need to get rid of him. It just, yeah. It's, it's so many resources and unlimited resources where you had that kind of money and you, you, it just, I I I don't understand how, how, how it's an issue.


You know? I do. I don't When a player don't care when a player doesn't care. Ocho Yeah. Ain't ocho We've seen it. We've seen guys. They just didn't care. No matter what you said, bro, you could make you some money. Didn't matter. Yeah, man. Damn. That's a, that's unfortunate. Kind of sad too, man. Young bull is the real deal. Yeah. Like you said, it'd be very interesting to see. We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home.


When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America. Member FDIC SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out of network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it Yeah. You was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam RK tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I mean, from all indications. I mean, his mom and his father. The man that raised him, I'm not going, I guess it's his stepfather and his brother. I, I think he has a little brother or something. I guess that's his, that's his team got no problem with that. But he wasted five years of his NBA career. Dang. Five just like that. And, and he go And it go by Fast. I would give a little advice, Ocho as you get older, it gets harder to get that weight off. Oh yeah. There, there's some people that, that have small frames and ain't no problem. Right. That ain't you. He ain't got no small frame.


You know what's funny when you think about it? He struggles with weight. He struggles with his weight. That's such a young age. So if you struggle with your weight and try to keep it down at such a young age, you know what happens as you get older, it get harder to get that thing off of you. Right? Yes. Yeah. As you get older to get it up off of you. I mean, you gotta work two times as hard. Yeah. As opposed to young. He might a, I don't know, is ozempic against ozempic against the the thing Tri Eptide some glide. But the problem with that stuff is that it, it wastes your muscles away. Right. That's why I can tell, I can tell everybody that. Take that stuff. Look at the muscle. It just flabby because of each your muscle. You ever seen people that's been stranded? Like people, you hear people, they got stranded in the river, they got stranded on the island.


Look at the body. They got no muscle definition. That's what it does. Yeah. It curves your appetite. Right. But your muscle just waste away. That's why I look at people to say, oh yeah, you, you on that road, man, they on it. It's, oh man, I just don't get it, bro. I just, I I just hate to see guys. I just hate to see us be in a situation where we could just have so much. Right. And it doesn't mean enough to him to just go get it. But it is what it is. Jimmy Butler throws shade at Pat Riley Jimmy posted a video on IG story talking about talking to his employee saying, see, I gave you a compliment. That's what bosses do.


They build you up. They don't break you down. Yeah. Jimmy, Jimmy going through it. Jimmy went outta that choir. And this is something you've never seen, never seen from any player that's played for the heat. You've never seen this before. You never, you, you already know Pat is old school. Pat Riley's old school. School. But I've seen it from Jimmy before. Yeah. Yeah. We've seen it. I mean, So so is it Pat or Jimmy? Yeah. The, he had an issue with not Minnesota wasn't but not Minnesota. Yeah. Had an issue with Minnesota. It wasn't Minnesota. He had, he had an issue with the Bulls. Yeah. Where else was it? He was In Philly. Philly In Philly. Yeah. They had an issue with him. They thought he was going. He was, he was, he was too abrasive.


See, yeah. I'll give you the first one, Ocho the first situation. I'm gonna give you that. Right. You know what o hey, you know what Ocho first marriage ending the divorce, you know what? Hey, we just couldn't see eye to eye, you know? Right. She thought I was going left when I was going Right. So forth and so on. Yeah. Okay. You get divorced the second time. Damn. Now you, you okay. You, you're in a situation where a maybe a we, we both wanted to part ways. Okay? Right now you hear this, you about to dissolve a third marriage. Now the common denominator in these marriages, it's you.


Yeah. That First time I might have believed it was her. Right. Well, we know what the issue is now in this situation, in this case, obviously we know Jimmy wants his money. Now. I, no. In other words, if I gave him a two year extension for $121 million, he's find his joy again. Huh? Yeah. You so it ain't your Oh, okay. I'm just making sure. I'm just making sure you on the same place. Go ahead. You know, you know, listen, money, money make you happy now. Yeah. You, you I I'll eat four grand. Are you happy right now? Hell Nah. I, everybody, You know what I mean? So if I get, So you, now that you mentioned it, you brought it back up. I'm even more, you know what, I'll be even more kicked off that, you know, you owe me and they broke bread with me.


You know what? No, I'm just trying to use that example. Now you can, you paid Me. I'm about to make an example outta you. I'm about to use you as an example since you like examples talking about a, or you have, I owe you $4,000. Don't use me in your example. Use me an example as the guy that you paid. That's the kinda example I want. I've been trying to pay the last two shows. But you don't want download the apps. Well, I, Oh no. Why do I gotta break what I normally do? Well, Listen, I don't have no cash app on your, I don't Have email I got, so I don't know how to, I can't get no games.


I can't even play no games. Listen, you had, you have to evolve with the time. You have a team of people For I evolved. You didn't evolve. How do you evolve? And we, I can't even send you a simple transaction. Well see the $4,000. That's what I pay somebody to do all the stuff that I can't do. Okay, well let me, let me send the $4,000 to the people who pay who you pay to do the stuff for you. No. Where'd he do that at? Oh, I owe the bank. Oh, bank, let me send your money to somebody else. Well, well obviously, obviously if you don't, if you don't have a route number, you don't have a route number, you don't have Apple Pay, you don't have Cash App. You don't have Venmo. So better than Apple Pay. Huh?


I got something better than Apple Pay. What's that? Ocho Pay. And listen, today's your third day. But listen to me now, now I'm being very respectful. You know, I I'm very respectful of my elders. Now this is the third day I've tried to pay you. Now three strikes after the third strike. Now you out. Now the the the the money just the money goes into, in, into, into a vault. And I can't, I can't, I can't see you until I see you in person in February of New Orleans. You remember with, You remember With Stewart beat up his money? Listen, ain't no guarantee I'm having that either. You remember when you, remember when Beat Brian up by his money? Yeah. Either you got money for fake mustaches, but you ain't got money to pay me and this.


And guess what happened? Brian went in his pocket and gave Stewart his money, didn't he? Yeah. I'm just trying to Tcho, I don't have that stuff. I just told you. You want me to go take a picture? You can see Ash, Ash account is on my Netflix and Amazon. Everybody in the chat has told you on multiple occasions. It's a simple download on your iPhone. You have an iPhone, you have wifi. I do. Go go. I got two iPhones. Oh, you got two iPhones? Yep. Oh. So now you showing out. You, you showing out. Okay, cool. You got two phones too. I got one phone. That's all you need now. Exactly. Okay. So that say, so that means you got 68 extra hundred dollars and all you gotta do is add 2,400 to it and gimme my money.


I'm trying to get it you. That's what I'm trying to explain to you. But you listen, you made things difficult. How am I making things difficult? I have you me. Huh? I didn't even wanna bet you and I let you off easy. You said o bj was gonna get a thousand yards. Okay. I owe you 5,000 then. Ain't no problem. I owe you 5,000. When you gonna pay it, When you download one of the apps where I can make, I don ocho his Ocho. Even if I downloaded it, I wouldn't know how to get it. Ash should explain it to you. No, Ash explained you not, You not a team of people that can explain it to you. How I can see the money as at this point you just don't want the money.


I Want it. I mean, if, if you just download the app. No, like, I'm trying, I'm trying to be respectful. I'm trying to be respectful. I don't wanna to get an attitude because I owe you. But you about to make your man. Yeah. Oh, you about to get an attitude about my money. What kind of boy this man talking about, he about to get an attitude about my money. Not me. Get the attitude. He about to get an attitude. Chad, you heard this Man. Hey, I'm just, hey, I'm trying to make life easy for you, man. That's bad Faith. You about to get an attitude. Listen, I don't, I don't listen, I don't wanna, I don't want, I don't wanna jump over my elders. I I'm, I'm not like that.


I, I want, I, I I I promise you, I told you I ain't got no problem. I can't stop nobody from jumping on me. But if I can't get you off, I want you to stay right there. But I promise you, I promise you, if you grab me, I'll make you turn me loose. I guarantee you, you turn loose. You know I know Judo Now what? I know, I know Judo. I'm say all I'm saying you, I can't stop nobody from grabbing me, but I'm gonna make you turn me loose. All right. Bad. Say he, he talking about he, he get a attitude.


What? Hey man, listen, I'm, I'm trying to help you. I'm trying to, I'm trying to make life easy for you and you, you're trying to complicate things. I Ain't trying to complicate it. Ojo. I could have sent you your money three days ago. O Joe. We on day three and I'm still telling you to download the app. You don't wanna download that me? You just don't want the money. I'm trying doesn't the people in the chat, I think they've grown frustrated as Well. I want one. I want one of more big old checks. I want one no big old checks. I want go big checks like they give you at if I won the lottery, Matter of of fact, you know what I could do that, that what I want at, at, at the show.


We are, we'll start the show and we'll start a live show. I'm bringing your money. One them big old one 'em big checks. Now listen, now I'm gonna post date it now don't you go cat, don't you go turn, don't you go cash that until last. I didn't until I, This man, first of all man, tell me he gonna post bake. He going post date my check. He already late, but now he gonna postdate it. Hey, you know how black folk is now. I'm gonna let you know now I'm gonna let you know when to put it in the Bank. Yeah. That money ain't gonna be there till Friday. And you put it in there before the date I take to put it in. There ain't gonna be no money there. Hey, now that's on you. The money ain't gonna be there till Friday at noon. Now if you take your ass to the bank at Friday at nine. Okay. They go pull your ass at the back.


So I'm just telling you, Friday at noon cash the check. 9 10, 11 59. Don't you take your ass to the bank and try to cash your check. Now this man said he going to post date my check and he already late. Yeah. Just, just, just to make sure, just to Make sure what Don you add interest since you post dating. What? What you want me to get? I all right. 50. I 5,200. Thank you. That ain't nothing. Oh, big ball. Oh, you big baller. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. 20. Oh, you, you got a hundred ball, huh? Yeah, 20 20, 24 and 2025 has been off to a it is been phenomenal for me.


You hear me? Yeah. God has favor my cup. Run it over. Your sc gonna run it over. You don't gimme my money. That's the next baby that's gonna be running over that come God his cook. Yeah. Okay. Oh man, that was right. Lupe Fiasco becomes the first rapper to be a university professor teaching rap students pursuing bachelor's degree in hip hop music at John Hopkins ocho. Which college class would you teach? I mean, if there was a course, if there was a course that I could teach on something that I, I love some that I'm passionate about being that Lupe Fiasco is a, he's a rapper, so he's, he's very world versed in that area.


For me, it would probably have to be Marine biology. Marine. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Marine biology would, would, would have to be something that I would do. It's something that I have a passion about. If it's not marine biology, it'd probably have to be, Oh, Joe, do you know the difference between a Mullins and a crust station? What? Wait, hold on. When we talk about marine biology, it would be on, in, in, in specifics on what I have interest? No, that's Marine. So now this man talking about the marine biology, I just asked you a simple question. What do I know the difference between, between what? A Mulli and a Crus station.


Yeah. Crustacean is a restaurant in la Yeah. I don't think I, Alabama marine biology, you call it. We about to get some with football. What about rock running? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. No. Marine biology. Now. Then there's specifics when it comes to, when you talk about marine biology under the umbrella of, of, of it, of it in its totality. And when it comes to killer whales and dolphins, that's my expertise. Well, There's more, hold on. You just can't talk about Marine, but you just can't talk about killer killer whales and dolphins. That's my specialty. You, you do realize in order to have a specialist, let's just say for the sake of argument, you want to be a orthopedic, you do realize you just can't say, you know what, I'm gonna be an orthopedic.


Right. You gotta do, you gotta go to four years of med school, then you gotta do a residency, and then you gotta do another two to four years of, of specialty's fine. So you, That's just didn't get to do the specialty without having the six years of the training. Right. That's fine. So I, I do have the training. I I have the training. Listen, I have 57 years of experience of training. So I mean, you know, it's, it's, it's something that I can do. Oh man. What would you do if you was a professor and had opportunity to History? Huh? History. History? Yes. What kind of history? There's different types of history now. What kind of history?


We talking about world history, what We can do. We can do Black American history, we can do, we can do, you know, civil war. We could do a Civil war. Yeah. It all depends on what type of history you wanna talk about. I do have a minor in history. I do. Okay. I did win Jeopardy. You know, I wasn't Jeopardy. I win dunk on, on I beat you every night. Yeah. I mean, but you're briefed on those questions. So there, there's a different, there's a difference. Like I'm not, I'm not briefed on any, any of the things that I'm going to be spelling.


So, I mean, it's a little bit more difficult for me. Hey, look, I never said, I never said spelling was my strong suit. History is my strong suit. Okay. My ability to recall dates and events. I think it's pretty good. Okay. Well listen, I just have a question for you. Yes. Since history calling, what year was it that the Roman Empire failed? Oh, Lord Have mercy. Oh, He was asking What year did the Roman Empire, do you know? Oh yeah, I know. Oh, I, I definitely know. And it, and matter of fact, I have a backup question to that.


Maybe. You know this one, there's a young wars have been started all over the world. Yes. War with the Romans and the Greeks started over. What woman? What is the woman's name? What woman? The Trojan War. There's, there's the, yeah. You know, and, and still to this day, wars are started over women. Cleopatra. That's wrong. It was Helen of Helen of Troy. Now I don't think history is your strong suit. Oh Hell. History. Our strong suit. No Ocho I beat you every night.


No, you beat you beat me in stuff you're briefed on and already know the answer to. No, I know the answer to because I've read over the years and recall it. Oh No, Man, y'all see Ocho, Ocho, Eugene, I just asked you a question. Just asked. I Just went Ocho who? Willow jeopardy and won. Who went on jeopardy and won. We talk, listen, if I'm a student in your class, you are the type of questions I'm gonna ask you as my history teacher hoping you have the answer to. Okay. How about this in the movie Glory, first of all, in the movie, Glory. Yes. What war did they fight that ended the movie Ocho You do realize Ocho you do realize, like, So you like do like a lot of Greek mythology and stuff like that.


Ocho Yeah. You said marine biology. You said you, you said, okay, this is my specialty. All I'm saying is in order to get to a specialty, you've gotta do six years, six to eight years before you trained for the specialty. I did. You understand? I was in school for years, since I was in kindergarten. I I had more than six to eight years. No, that doesn't count. That doesn't count. It counts. No, That man say that count. All, All those years I spent in school. All that counts. No, No, no. Trust me. That'll count though, Joe. That's a, that's a different level. My daughter's still in med school. I I'm, I'm wondering what she getting now.


She seem like you been in med school for, she been in med school for about eight years though. For real though. No, no, no. Bull drive. Oh man. And she finally, and she finally got, she's gonna graduate and in June and having to go have to relocate again. That bad said that bad said up that bad. Said he been to school. So OCHO want to teach you marine biology. Yeah. Yeah. I don't really know. Look, I, people need to start stop getting, getting away from, from, from, from majors. They ain't making no money. What you gonna do with that work at a, You Wait, that's, that's not the problem. Now the problem is not the majors.


Right? So you can have a major and whatever it may be, communications business. Yes. The issue is finding a job that pays Well, you already know. That's the hard talk. All gotta do, all you gotta do is go say, okay, occupations top 50 occupations top 20 occupations top 10. But that, that's, that's not the problem. The problem is actually getting a job In same field based on The degree that you have. It's, it's hard to get the damn job. Well, most of the time, most of the time OCHO people don't actually work in the field that they got a degree in. Right. I got, because I get a degree OCHO then I got, and I'm, I'm looking for that field. But in the meantime, I gotta take a job.


'cause I gotta pay the bills right now after I've been here for five or six years. Damn. Trying to get a job in my field. I've already settled in, I got seven years towards the a a, a retirement as opposed to starting over and get, try to get seven more years. Right. So I worked 14 years and hell, I still got, I mean now they talking about they trying to, they probably look like they might raise the, the age of medic Medicare when you can retire. Retire age. What? 65. They talking about go to 70, 72. Who the hell wanna work that long and just die? What she done? Nah. Hell nah.


No.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Na Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts Burke That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling, listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


All right, Ocho. Time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Oh man, that was good. Nick Marc Ocho was quick to pay that ref but holding out on unc. He was offered the money offered that the rev money on the spot. That's because I had, I had the money in in my song. Okay, come on man. Can't wait for Nolan show to see Ocho come off the money live. Ocho you need a ride to from the airport. I live 10 minutes away. I got you and McDonald's on me. Love y'all. Yeah, yeah. Pick pick. Hey pick me up long as you don't have me late. Yeah, last time him I got a ride. I was late. Yeah I was late. J do Accurate Ocho the jersey you owe me an UNC of $5,200 collected interest.


Nightcap must be paying his light bill since he don't pay his debt. Also, will you be upset this weekend? Steelers over the Ravens. Your Broncos over the Bills. Ocho gonna be mad. Ocho mad anyway. He might not even watch the game. What you watching the game for bro? I'm gonna watch the game. I'm gonna have my glasses. You ain't got no team playing. I'm gonna bifocals You ain't got no team playing Because after the game, after the game, I can't wait till we get on the show because I don't want to hear you say foot or ball. I'm want you say play or off. Matter of fact, I don't wanna hear you say Offset. I don't wanna hear you say offside. I wanna hear you say Offbrand.


Boy, you better hope. You better hope y'all have a miracle because what's gonna be on Ocho, It's gonna be on That's all unnecessary. Yeah, it's gonna be on. Yeah. I Been trying to figure out why you wanna watch the game. Oh, I'm, I'm watch. Don't worry about it. I'm gonna watch it with all my Bangal fans. What They, what they watching Y'all lose? Hey, I got two teams. Neither one of your teams are the player neither. All three of your teams outta the playoffs. Damn. You know how bad you gotta be to go over Who? The third, who's my Third team Dolphins. Who? My second team. Patriots.


I, I don't have nothing to do with the Patriots. Right. You got everything to do with 'em. Your name is in the record book you call a touchdown for Tom Brady? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That that was me. That was me. That was me. Yeah, that was you. Yeah. Oh yeah. And the show right now we, we trying to see where some technical difficulties Sunday show might be canceled. What? Hey that man, So you Oil my jersey Ocho. Get the man in Jersey man. Hey, matter of fact, hey I got, you know what, I got some jersey right at the house too. He supposed to, he's supposed to get As information. You got some money right in your bank account.


I ain't got it. He ain't got his jersey. He was supposed to send as information as Sent it to you as sent it. No, he supposed to ask for the send it. You know who? No, she sent it to you. You know who Ocho? No, I she she do all the mailing and stuff. No, she said she ain't working for you right now. She Ocho. Brandon Knight says Quinn viewers is Quinn Sewers. He's ranked number 65 against cover two. What do you, what do you expect with him? I expect it better than what I got Man.


Yeah. With that kind of talent, with the defense like that Ocho, You realize Ojo, you do realize he originally committed to Ohio State? Ohio State? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I heard the, I heard the announcer say it say it earlier. Earlier in the game. Yeah it seemed like a lot. There a lot of great quarterbacks that went to Ohio State and left and did pretty well for themselves. No, only one. Joe Patterson Ya said Uncle Ocho. Apparently Texas teams playing in at and t State are allergic to winning. Big playoff game Quinn. Yours turn into Quinn Prescott. I'm not having fun anymore. Being Dallas or Texas fan, everybody could win in Dallas.


Except, except teams that play that play from Texas. Damn they, they had a chance now. Yeah, they definitely had a chance. Damn. Supreme Sea said yours is not that guy. Texas lost three times this season the same way they did. They did. I didn't. I I, I, like I said, I didn't see what the evaluator saw early on. Right. You know, hey, I have, you know, you sometimes don't.


You, you gotta get grades. These are young kids. They're in college and you know, they don't, they have other things to do. They got study hall, you know, they got school. This is not a full-time job for them. Although some colleges you think it's a full-time job. You go to Ohio State or Alabama, Texas, Georgia. I'm sure they get their money's worth outta you, but you have to give back grace. But bro, the mistakes that he makes and the throws bro, some of that stuff is just routine. Yeah. I ain't saying you gonna be perfect all the time, but I just saw a lot of stuff that he misses. I'm like what Borough said? Oh, which EFPN colleague are you walk rocking with in the championship game since their sons will be face off against each other.


Ryan Clark or Kurt Herb Street? I Ain't really never been on Notre Dame fan. Ain't been no Ohio State fan. I'm trying to think. Do I got any Hell, the only who Tony Rice was my, I think Tony Rice was my quarterback in the east in the hula, in the East West Shrine game. Check and see if he was my quarterback. Oh, rice. Tony Rice. Yeah. I think he was my quarterback at the, at the East West Shrine game. And then I played Ned Bokar I think was on my team too.


He was a linebacker. Was Tony Rice my quarterback? Oh. Oh. Well man, Ohio State is a nine point a nine and a half point favorite already. They got, they work. I mean, Notre Dame got they work, I don't know, they could score enough points or Joe. Right. They gotta keep it, they gotta keep, they gotta make this a, they gotta make this a a 1714 type of game.


Gotta they gotta keep a low scoring and they can't do that simply 'cause the defense. Is that Good? I agree. I agree. I was in the east. So what it say who, who's the quarterback? Yeah, Mike. Where Mike? Where did Mike Buck grow Montana? Because I know Deep Freeze was the other team's quarterback. The West All Stars. John Freeze from Idaho. I don't know who Troy Taylor is. I have no idea who Troy Taylor is Maine.


Man. I knew he went to one of them schools. Shonda V What about the All American Newcomer red shirt for Baylor Bryson Washington? I don't, I don't know him. Me, me neither Shonda. I'm sorry, I don't know him. Is he related to you or something? Is that your son? Your nephew? Yeah, I'm sorry. Huh? Jonathan Shelton said, I'd like to say the game your Broncos beat the Bengals in oh two. Ocho had six for 95 and you had one for 23. Put some respect on his name. Second, can you reflect on the game in oh two when Dante Hall had that iconic juke against the Bronco?


Yeah, man, We, I remember That man. I had a, I think I had a big game to end up calling it back. I think I might had a touchdown ca against the, the Bengals and called it back. Nah, nah, not, nah. I I caught a bunch of touchdowns against you. Not, not me specifically because I wasn't the Your team, the Bingos. That's because I didn't play defense. All I know is I beat the Bengals more than they beat me and I beat them. When you was on the team, were you on the team in oh two? Yeah, I was there. Okay, So you had, so would that was, you'd had the six for nine, five and one touchdown. That's Me. That, that's me lose Effort.


That was me. It a Losing effort. There's nothing I can do. I, I'm So you could do, you could had, you could had 10 catches for 165 yards and three touchdowns. They they, they only threw me what I had everything. They threw me. I caught You caught that a too because we threw that too. Got it. Yeah. Oh yeah. I was on the sideline of when Dante Hall did not move. That was loud. That was live the human joystick Bro. He had some boy. Hey, that joke over there with Shake yo. Ooh, We ocho he could do it man. Yeah, he was nice. I'm little Rascal man. He was nice.


I still don't know how he got out of that. I still don't know how. Listen, he got out, he got out of a few times. Yes. Start, stop had guys running in each other. Had a couple of guys missing twice after I missed you one time. I'm gonna stay on the ground. You ain't Finn to make me look, you ain't finna make me look bad twice. Lady Ray said, Hey guys, thanks in advance for helping me achieve my New Year's resolution of finally seeing a live Nightcap show. See y'all and Nola. Oh yeah, Lany. Look forward to it. Come up, introduce yourself. I'm sure we've had a few people that in Atlanta and Houston and Dallas, what you call 'em came to both shows.


Dr. Frank, Dr. Frankie, she was in Vegas and she came to Atlanta. So Doc, we counting on you. Oh yeah. Live 91 Apple Show Googled the NFL minimum and it was 7 95. OCHO said he make 10 times that he got that money up on top of three McDonald Franchising. I know he got it. I know he got it, but he want, he want to hard time me. Oh, get it. Hey, I want you to get what I want you to. No bro. No, no, no, no, no, no. Everybody in the chat told you what you need to do. You wanna make things difficult. Like, and you know I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying to keep calm. I'm trying to be nice. You know, I've, I've done all I can at this point.


You know, I don't, I you know, you my co-host and I don't wanna say, you know, you know, get it in blood. 'cause I, I don't, I don't think things need to go that far. It don't need to go that far. You, you feel me? Yeah, far enough. I don't think that's far enough that me personally, if you asking me, which I think you are, why I gotta do all that. I gotta download this. I gotta reapply for that. It two, it take two seconds. It Take seconds. Ain't gotta time. I'm busy. You Download, download the app. You download the app, you put your card information and I send you the money.


What kinda card information? Your credit card information? Hell no. So now you got what you mean? I ain't put the, I don't put credit card information down on nothing. What you talking about House? Huh? How when you living in the Cane Man days? That's okay. I'm gonna keep on living, but I bet you ain't. I bet you ain't nobody running no credit running up no bills on my credit card. I bet that Ain't nobody running up no mine either. I know I ain't running no money on yours either. 'cause of your, my money in your pocket. I'm trying to send you your money. No, no, No, no, no, no, no, no. I want you to give it to me. Put it in my hands. All right. But I'm, I I I got you, I got you in New Orleans.


5,200. That's fine. That's fine. Make it rain. That's fine. Combo starter. What's up uncle? Your day? One Nightcap son. I seen your grades. You couldn't get into prison. The funniest thing I've heard in a while. Yeah, folks, you're talking about marine biology? Yeah, absolutely. I I I don't know what he talking about. I made a Dean's list. Paula Dean or Jimmy Dean? Nah, I'm talking about no, the dean's list. Honor roll. That was me. I was an academic scholar come going to school despite the perception of what people may think I was a Oh, So you ain't make not one honor roll Man.


You Well I made honor roll in kindergarten Now. Me Lord, whatever. But you ain't getting number stars in cookies. You got stars in cookies all way through the 12th grade. I, I counted. I got satisfactorily. Exactly. Listen Dean's list and when I, when I was At, was on the Dean's list. Well I made the Deans this at Harvard one semester. Oh Lord. That Mercy. Yeah, don't do that. Aaron os what's up Uncle Ocho? What's your script club? Mount Rushmore. Come on man. Don't don't do that to me now. Yeah, don't, Don't do that. Ocho just about to get out the dog house. Let's, let's, let's, let's let him get on out the doghouse after, after a couple of months and we'll revisit this area, Man. Who, who asked that question?


Man, we read the room, man. Read the room. Magic. Read the room. Folie. I don't even go to strip, I don't even go to strip clubs. I go to Tootsies. I go to Tootsies between seven and nine o'clock. Oh really? That the seafood. I go for the seafood. Right. I had been to a whole lot of, like I said, I I, like I said Denver, you know they had the Mile High Saloon, I think that's closed down. They had shotgun wheelers and they had Diamond Cabaret. But I haven't been to a whole lot of them. Like when I go, I ain't really trying to go to no strip club. When I go out town though, Joe, Listen, I'm going, I'm going for the food and that don't frequent strip clothes Off.


I bet you're going for the food, Huh? Them legs and thighs, huh? No, no, no, No, no, No. Nah, no. I ain't going like when I go out of town, I mean, I'm not going, that ain't the place I wanna be. And I ain't really met the, I ain't really met a woman that wanted to go. I mean, everybody like, yeah man, my girl be liking that. Oh, these chick be like, well damn, I'm meeting the wrong people. Got it down. I I wanna go. I was like, okay. Yeah. Oh shoot. Hey, that, that's, that's, that's, that is a a, a fun and exciting type of date or encounter. If you have someone that's willing to go with you and enjoy those times, you know, at, at a strip club.


It, it, it is, it's fun. You know, I All I know is what you call, we got some a magic food like that For real though too. That thing be nice and hot. Them fries be hot. Them catfish the tenders. Hold on. I thought we were supposed to be going to magic two years ago. What happened? You canceled me. It stopped me though. Do and Bray said young partner Young Panther journalists and I wanted to hear from this, from the players. What can I do better to understand the game? What is the worst thing I can do?


Watch and then ask and then ask the players what you saw. Yeah, Ask the coach what you saw. If there's a situation where you think he maybe should have challenged or there's a situation, he should have called a time out. You just ask what you see. You don't have to get into, you know, coverages or try to like, pretend like, you know, coverages and things like that and formation and set. Just ask what you saw on this play. I noticed, blah, blah, blah. And just ask. And the players will give you an honest assessment. Now the problem, the coaches are gonna say, well, I haven't seen the tape. I'm gonna have to go back and watch it to give you a better understanding. But let me get back to you on that.


The players will probably say, well look, we were, we were trying to do this and we didn't. Hey, we didn't feel it communicated so forth. And so, but you need to watch the game and then ask the players about what you saw. And for the most part they'll give you an honest answer. Not the quarterbacks though. That concludes this episode of Nightcap Tomorrow. NFL Football. Ooh, The Ravens and the Steelers. And who, who, who else is DeMar Ravens Steel and is it the Bucks? Is it The Bucks? Ain't No, ain't no Dunking ahead of tomorrow in Philly.


Oh, okay. So, so both a FC games of tomorrow. Oh Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And thank you. Thank you so much for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite off Shannon Shark wearing my tightest T-shirt. That guy is bing A Ring of Fame honoree guy that refused to pay me my money till I do something bad to him, which I don't want to do. I'm gonna bring his family together and I ain't talking about for no family reunion. But, but, but he gonna make me do something bad.


And forgive me being a Ring of Fame honoree. The Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you again for joining us late after college football. Tomorrow is all NFL. Make sure you check out Shea by la Porter. We have it in stock. Let's celebrate the new year. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you cannot find it, any city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of it. PLA platforms that she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Our newest release just dropped last month. T-shirt, sweat, beanies, cos and mugs. Quantities are limited. Keep that in mind. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our very first Super Bowl show. Our first spring tour. Stop. They're on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. Got big guests lined up OCHO and I'll be our typical self. A lot of fun. Both Nightcap and Club Chache were both nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcast Arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shaha was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture.


Please go vote for us. The link is pen and our social bios. Thank you. 'cause all this is possible because of your support for Club Shesha and Nightcap and we appreciate that. Here at Shesha Media. O Joe Texas defeated, no, excuse me. Ohio State defeated Texas 28 to 14 and they advanced to the national championship game on January the 20th against the fighting Irish. They're seeking their first national championship since 2015. Jack Schwabe sealed, excuse me, Jack Sawyer sealed the victory OCHO with a strip sack scooping score to push the lead to 28 to 14 and they win 20 by that score.


Ohio State 13 and two, Texas 13 and three had a great season, but a lot of missed opportunities. What could have been Ohio State is already a overwhelming favorite, a nine and a half point favorite over no Dame according to drafting sports book. Thank you. Tomorrow the Steelers travel to take on the Ravens and the Chargers travel to take on the Texans. Correct. So we'll be which game is first. The Texans is last first and then the Raven Steelers. We'll be join you. We'll see you guys after the Steelers Ravens game.


Be here. You don't wanna miss it. Hopefully it's a very interesting game. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after NFL Football. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's N Hhl unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together and chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.