
If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus. you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility, Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more at apple card.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager. In each episode of this season, I'm gonna empty my proverbial notebook and take you inside and behind the scenes on the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. You see, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan, Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music is awesome. Incredible. Very good. It's very kinda like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schreker on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


2320 The Bills win clearly in first place, not there. Four, two. Yeah, Jets fall. A two and four What. Did you like What? Didn't you like Hey, What did I like I liked The game in general. It was a good goddamn game. It was a very good game. The referees threw a little bit too much laundry. I wish they would Get outta The way and let th play us play. Listen, Lemme ask you a question On every play before you go, before you go on every N FL play. If you wanna be technical, you can throw a flag on every play. There's something that goes wrong. There's a holding, there's some type of penalty on every single play, especially in interior, you can Odoo that. I'm not gonna say they were biased because they did play, they did call It Fair and spurts some for The Bills, some for The Jets.


But I think It was just a little bit too much. And It messed up The Florida game, especially when teams had advanced and gotten first downs and The calls were coming back. But go ahead and I ask What, you gonna say, But when you, when they read back and replayed It. Yeah. ho Egregious What where they're like, yeah, they should They gotta call that. Yeah, Ocho they was, they were spinning The man. Yeah, Yeah. The guy tried to reach and you turn It. Yeah. You can't turn It. Yeah, that was, you gotta let him go. Some, Some of some of The calls, some of The calls in The Secondary. It's like, it's like, it's like it's, it's 50 50, you know, Get your head around. Huh? I said Get your head around. Yeah. The one. Oh, DJ Reed. You gotta Get your head around. But again, he didn't impede him in any way. The receiver was coming back towards him.


Yeah. Coming back towards him. So I think, I mean, It just like Stu stuff like that, you know, it's, it's still The game of football. And I think The ref just threw too many goddamn too many damn flags. But on th on The other hand on The other hand of that, listen, The Jets win this game. Field goals as a kicker. I understand The pressure, I understand The win. You play for The win, you kick, you kick with The win. Understand which way is blowing and lead just a little, a little towards The The opposite way The wind is blowing and The Ball will carry right into The goal post. It's, it's, listen, I'm, it's not, it's not, it's very, it's difficult. It's easier for me to sit here and say It sitting at home as a kicker myself. But again, penalties they had, Jess had over 11 penalties, but goddamn a hundred something goddamn yards.


But The game could have, they, they could've won The game. They could've won The game because The two field goals that they missed, they would've been up by six. So The score would've been What 23. They, they would've, they would've won By 3 23 23 as opposed to losing By, well, where is The thing? The Bills missed The field goal also. Oh. So Yeah, you're right. They did. They did. So now you look at that 26, 20 It may pop potentially overtime, but when you look at The, Jets, and this is What, I was afraid of What happened. When you say we are quarterback away, right? You're under The. Assumption is your defense is gonna be lights out like It was The previous year and they're not. Wait, They, you know, they, they know, they they're not. They're number two now. You know, is, is, is, is, is is shaky as It Look tonight they good.


They they, they're still ranked number two defensively in The N FL right now. Coach Joe. Yeah. The Bills ain't got nothing but Josh Allen. Yeah, I knew, I knew you were gonna say that. I don't know. Hey Josh. Josh got that cape on, man. He's basically Superman. He's and The last player of The game. Yes sir. 72. You got one responsibility. You got contained backside. Right? Tell me why you down inside. I just need to know, because that's not your responsibility. Josh Get right up outta that. So now The coach is gonna be looking at you, say, son, why didn't you play your responsibility? Because you're trying to Odoo somebody else's job. You didn't Odoo your job and now you let The cows outta The barn. Had you just done your job, Ocho now you got, now you Odoo Get 'em off The field.


You use your time out, you gonna Get The ball back. Right? But because you wanted to Odoo someone else's job That The first time You didn't Odoo your job and boom. Yeah. Ty Smith got his ass whoop tonight. Hey Ho ho in The hell was they Goddamn D and Tyra Smith ho was going against FF Fia. FF It It spin. Hey, I don't, I don't, I don't know What It was, he never got Tyra Smith on The first move. But The second and third move It It looked like Tyra Smith's legs were in concrete. It's like he couldn't, he couldn't move later. Vanessa Kick, kick, kick E Vanessa, Listen, I don't play, I don't play left tackle, but I know you kick, kick, kick that third kick you hunker down at The point of attack.


You ex extend your hands and be able to move laterally left and right based on whatever moves he make. It's like his feet. It's like his feet was in goddamn concrete. He couldn't Move Slow Mo injury is taking his to on him. He's lazy. He's lazy with his hands. The person moved The first feet, if you saw his foot were Yeah, Ocho. And then they run a play. They got two guys he's pulling right? And he whiffed The Corner. Oh yeah. Hold on. He whiff The. He just kept running. He just kept running. He didn't even try to Get The Corner. I know exactly. What play you talking about. I I I don't know. I listen. He was bad tonight. I'm not, I'm not one for calling things out, but watching replays and watching, watching It on film, it's like, well, come on now.


This dude is, this dude is embarrassing you at The left Tackle. You supposed to be that boy. You are The, you are The money position. You are The blindside of The quarterback. You got to Odoo better than that Man. That man whipped his ass. Aaron Rogers. Aaron Rogers like What The. Heck, you are supposed to be our best offensive line. Oh Yeah, most definitely. We won a bidding war against a lot of teams. Because look, he's an Al pro. He's been an Al pro. He's been to a lot of pro Ocho tonight. Just wasn't his night right. Was It tonight wasn't his night or was The person he was going against just that much better? Or was It just The off night though?


That's The difference. Let's hope it's, let's hope it's an off night. Okay. I go with that Because you can't have very many of those. Or Ocho Yeah, because you play in The position. You Get your quarterback hurt because he, I mean he went by, he went by TA Smith so fast one time. Roger was just shaking his head like, What, What The. Yeah. He got up, he got up. It looked so funny. I don't mean to be laughing. I don't mean to be laughing, but he got up. I know exactly. What play you talking about. And It looks so funny when Aaron Get up and I think they might have threw a flag on that play too, for putting his weight on.


For putting his weight on him. I, I don't, I I mean, What you supposed to Odoo Ocho. He, He just, he fixing his helmet when he getting up and It just looks so funny. You can see The disgust in his face and he doesn't wanna show any type of mannerism. 'cause he know The camera's on him right away. But you can, you can see It in his body language. Aaron like, God damn man. Sunday was another rough outing for The Cleveland Browns offense. But there won't be any changes made to The quarterback position. Kevin Stefanski told reporters money that he won't be benching Deshaun Watson in favor Jam Winston following The 2016 loss to The Eagles. I think there were moments obviously that yesterday, I think The Deshaun gives us The best chance to win. You're not winning continues to give us The best chance to win.


And we need to play really good offensive football at his position and really at every other position to be What. You think What you What you thinking, huh? What you thinking now, now let's, let's let's think from a business, a business standpoint, you understand ho those owners are thinking and you know, Kevin, Kevin Stefanski doesn't pull The strings on that puppet. If I'm paying somebody that kind of money he's going to play. Even if things aren't going well, I'm gonna try to Get my money's worth until I can't no more. I ain't paying, I'm paying The guy 45 million. I'm paying The other guy five to 7 million. It's like It doesn't make sense. Why would I pay and put him on The bench making 45 million?


Yeah. So I mean, yeah. I mean, so why, I mean, why, why would they make a change? Why would they make a change? I mean him saying him saying Deshaun Watson gives us our best chance to win. Is, is is he wrong or is he right? What. You think Odoo you think James Winston gives The Cleveland Browns a better chance to win at The quarterback position Ho about this. He gives you your best chance to win, but you're not winning. Okay, so ho good of a chance isn't. Mm. You think maybe it's The, The, flat The flashes of brilliance that you see just The flashes aren't as consistent as It used to be. He says, I think Deshaun gives us The best chance to win, continue to give us The best chance to win. We need to play really good offensive football at his position and really good football at every other position.


Right. To be successful. No crap, Sherlock. Wow. Yeah. That is some that is, that is some great coaching. That is, man, that is some motivational stuff right there. We need The quarterback to play good. Right? And we need to play good at every other position. Yeah. Well, The quarterback has to play The best 'cause he got The ball in his hands. Al The time. He has The ball in his hands every place. So his decision making and everything he decides to Odoo with The ball impacts and affects everyone else around him. Especially offensively. Hell, even defensively. Because if you make mistakes, then they always on The goddamn field on The defensive side of The ball.


I agree. Yeah. He's not playing well, Ocho Yeah, but you keep saying Ocho. I I you say he gives you me. I didn't say I'm just, I'm just saying. I'm, I was asking your thoughts on What, you think should they make a change Ocho after three years? Yes sir. I mean it's, I it's tough and I Get It. Yeah. When you, when you invest that kind of money, a lot of times it's just like anything. It's just like with an investment when you put a lot of money into an investment ocho, it's hard to Get off It. Yeah. It's hard to Get off It Ocho because you wanna see some kind of dividend. Yeah. You wanna see some type of return on your investment. Yes. Sometimes you gotta cut your losses.


Mm. I got a question for you that's The heart. I got a question for you. So fellas that's in The chat that you listen to me Now think about this on much smaller terms, but think about It. You're dating a woman, you've been dating her for two or three years and you're thinking about Al The money and everything. You've invested in this individual and you just, and you keep on, you keep on trying, you keep on trying The thing just don't seem to be working out and going The way. You'd like It to go in The right direction. But you keep thinking about Al The time. You spend Al The money you spent and invested in this individual. Are you going, are you gonna sheer, are you gonna say, you know, What, I don't want, I don't wanna Odoo this no more.


You know why? Lemme tell you why. Because you don't want her to be What. You think she can be with somebody else when you've invested Al that in her. See, that's why a lot of teams don't wanna Get off that player because What, if he goes and be somewhere else, What, we thought he could be here. Mm. You done bought 5, 10, 15 YSL Louis Hermes Gucci bags. Balenciaga. You done bought a whip. She won't Odoo, right? Damn. But What does. She Odoo right over there. But think about this Don think about this. What. If you cut your losses, forget The bags and everything you bought.


'cause you can Get that back, right? And then if she does leave and you Get rid of that, think about It not being, that's an expense that is no longer on your, on your tab. It's no longer your, it's no longer on your plate. And that's okay. I Get It. That's okay. Okay. I Get It. But a lot of people don't think like that because like you said, you made a heavy investment. It's just like you buy a stock or you buy an investment property. If you don't want to Get off It Ocho because you thought this was The run property, this was going to be your Netflix, this was going to be your Google, this was gonna be your Hour, right? Your Uber, whatever The case may be, that was gonna be your time to hit a lick.


And that's The funny thing. When It comes to investing, that's something that we always need to learn and understand and everything we invest in, we not gonna Get a return on everything we invest in. We're not going to Get a return on. So you have to know when to cut your losses and it's okay you Odoo because at some point that loss for you becomes somebody else's responsibility because they ain't doing right by you. Nine times outta 10, they ain't gonna Odoo right by The next motherfucker either. So if a certain individual, if a certain player looks a certain way, It ain't like Al of a sudden they gonna go to another team and they gonna be magic and Al of a sudden turn around and be somebody else that they're not. I Get It bro. I Get It at The.


End of The Day. Ojo. Look, we've Al. I ain't say Al, but I know I've had to cut losses. You What. It's What. It is, yeah. Fuck. Hell yeah. I cut a loss in a minute. Oh, you don't play huh? Ocho It's What. It's Right, Right, right, right. You win something, you lose something. Hell, I can't win of my own. Nobody. And I, I see guys in The chat, Chad. Oh, you simply, bro, you don't even know your woman probably bent over right now. Why you over there bumping? th everybody, nobody Ocho The thing is, no guy thinks it's gonna happen to him. Oh, listen. Or th if you don't, if I I don't have that. I, I, well I don't have that kind of ego unc, I don't have that, that kind of ego It can happen to anybody.


No, I It don't matter ho he is It can happen to anybody because The funny thing about It based on The experience, and I don't mean to be bringing up a past, I didn't mean to be bringing up a past, but listen, we family, we family, I can be honest because I I was on The other side of The spectrum, so I know It can be done because I was number two for years. Stay, stay with me there. I I can talk to y'all 'cause we family. Yeah. So I know, I know What It, I know It can happen. I know The lies. I know The tricks. I know The, I know Al that 56 years to experience. So I would never have ego and thinking, oh hell shit, I'm acho. It can't happen to me. Heck a fucking fool. I I am not.


I am not. It never will be.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball The Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against The Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, The coach, The expert. My next season's Al about fans and What The Rise of sports betting is doing to th to The teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against The Rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Dko Ryan says Jordan Love will be The best qb. We face despite playing Josh Allen Bill's fans are taking these quotes very serious. Many feel that Josh Allen did The second best quarterback in The League behind Patrick Ma. Whoa, me personally, I take Lamar Jackson, but that's another story, right? Ocho Odoo, you believe that Jordan Love will be The best quarterback that The Texas have faced, even though they Odoo have Josh Allen on their resume. Yeah, probably. Probably. I think, I think Josh Allen. Josh Allen is very good. Obviously his resume speaks for itself despite obviously The turnovers. But he's good.


You can see What he's doing now and being Superman and not having elite players around him, but still getting The job done. But Jordan Love is really good. Jordan Love is really good. Jordan Love to me is in The, same bracket in a sense with Jayden Daniels with a CJ Stroud, with a Lamar Jackson. You know, he's, he's somewhat a, he's also a dual threat quarterback. He can run, he can run, he can throw, make Al throws. Yeah. And to be young as he is, he's very promising. Which is why they paid him What. They did. And I I I mean, I I agree with him. I agree with Jordan. Love is really, really, really good. Really good. And The The funny thing about It is, is you'd have to be a football fan, not a casual fan of The game.


You would have to be a football fan to understand ho good Jordan Love is and actually watch those Packers games. Yeah. Yeah. I, like I said, I I take Mahome It first. Right? I don't put anybody next to him because you see What, he is done in his six years of starting, right? Is is off The charts. I mean, you don't Get The four Super Bowls in six years. You win three, right? With two MVPs, three Super Bowl MVPs. That's, that's beyond What breakdown. Brady has more. But if you look at Brady's first six years, and you look at his first year, six years, you look at Brady. Brady, they were a defensive team. Brady wasn't asked to Odoo What ma homeboys doing right?


But yeah, he, he, he's phenomenal. I'll take Lamar Jackson as my second quarterback behind Mahomes over Burl and Josh Allen. But I can see people saying Burl. I can see people saying Josh Allen, maybe CJ Jordan Love Purdy, whatever The case may be. But one, two for me is Mahomes and Lamar. So hold on, hold on now. But ho ho ho ho are ho are our top five. So we got, we got, we got Burrow first. You got Lamar. So with Josh Allen first is Josh Allen. Hold On. time back. You got Burrow first in Front of No, I said, I said my homes is first, didn't I?


Okay. No, you said Burrow is first. Okay. My bad. My bad. You know, I'm just thinking Bangles. My bad, my bad. So I mean like, talk to me bur quick on The top five ba based on ho ho you would say, if they would ask you, so you have, you have Josh Allen second before Lamar I would take, no, I would take Lamar second. Okay. I would take, I would take, I would take Josh third Borough four. Oh. And I would take, I think I would take cj I think I would take CJ Fifth Ho Odoo. You ho Odoo you put ho Odoo you put Josh Allen in The front of Burrow though.


I, I'm Just curious. He, I said I would take, I said I would take Josh Allen. Oh, that's Your, that's your, that's your preference. Yeah. I mean it's, it's, look, I think once you Get, like once you Get past The first two, right? I think you're kind of splitting hairs with Josh Allen, Joe Burrow and, and cj I think, I know CJ is only is The second year in The league. Yeah. But I don't see a situation where he regresses. I only see situations where he Get improved. Right. Jordan Love is Jordan. Love is, and people are like, ah, man, you, you talk about Jordan Love over Dak. Yeah. I'll take Jordan Love over Dak.


I'll take CJ Stro over Dak too. Ah. Oh. But you know, The thing is most of The quarterbacks you can go week to week. Right? I think The top two are kind of set, right? Because Josh Allen Burrow, none of 'em playing as good as ge. Jerry Goff is playing as good as anybody. Oh yeah. Most definitely. And you ain't even mention him. Nothing What. I'm saying I think like It can go week to week.


Like most positions can go week to week. I think when you look at What, Mahomes has done his body of work now at The, end of The year, we could say, does he still re does he still deserve to be The number one quarterback? We'll see, probably Because this is What we see from our homes every year, especially in The, beginning of The season. It always looks like this. Yeah. The numbers aren't staggering. It's not crazy. But Al of a sudden, when It matters, most guess ho always come through in The Clutch. Right? Guess ho e Every time. Every time. So at some point you going to have 3, 400, 500 yard games. They're gonna come. They're not gonna come right now for some reason. They never come at The beginning of The season for th it's always something, there's always an issue with The offense or The Balls being dropped.


There's, there's, there's no receivers, there's nobody, they, they're not catching The balls. That's What It was last year. This year injury. Rashe Rice is out. Juju, goddamn Juju Steps Up has The hell of a game. Travis Kel going late. It's always something. Remember The Page said, nah, we ain't got no use for Juju. Wrong system. He comes back, look at Juju Wrong system. Juju comes out, Justin Goes Out. Juju comes in hundred 30 yard game like that off The rip just that fast. Just that fast. But Quarterback can take average receivers and make th look really, really good. Yeah. And they, they're, they're, That's What. That's What. That's What. The really good ones Can Odoo, but The quarterback, it's so hard.


Ocho because any given week you like I take Jerry Golf. No, I take Josh Allen. No, I take cj. No, I take, I'll take Jordan Love. No, I take Joe, I take Josh and I mean you, we seen Purdy deal where you like, well that boy pretty good. And you know what's funny? I always think about when you think about The top five chat, whoever your top five players are, I always think about It. Forget The, The stats, forget The numbers and Al that stuff. I know Al that matters. But if you were to put th on any other team, will they still be able to be efficient and be productive regardless to where they went regards to ho was at their disposal as far as weapons are concerned, could they still wheel and deal without being female?


Boy, I show, can you imagine Mahome with, with Chase and Higgins? Oh, oh yeah. Can you imagine here What? Can you imagine here? What Waddle. Tyreek Moer Han Hey, hey listen. Oh, you put him in San Francisco with that running game. Christian McCaffrey Kettle. Deebo iu Jennies Unfair. But I think The addition of Davante, Adams Jets, if It can happen at any point, The addition to him, to that just team will help boast that offense and giving Aaron Rogers another threat and adequate that, that i, that he knows he can count on and can win every goddamn down.


I just had to throw that out there before we, we, we continue. So I don't know why The The The The The football Gods. If you're listening, let, let, let's make that happen. I thought tonight I thought Lazar, I thought he Garrett Wilson are starting to Get on The same page. Yeah. Yes sir. They're playing really, really well. Yeah. Obviously Alan Lazar knows him. He played with him in Green Bay. Yeah. So he knows, I mean that throw down in The Middle for 24 yards. Not a whole lot of receivers, unless you play with The quarterback knows that he's gonna back shoulders this thing to me and I'm gonna need to A, it's gonna be low and it's gonna be on my backside and I'm gonna be able to have to go dig It out. Right. But that comes from experience that comes from playing with a guy.


But if, if Devonte were to go there, I mean, hey, somebody gonna be The odd man out because obviously it's not like they're gonna throw The ball 50 times a game. Mm. So The question is ho healthy is Devonte ho soon he's gonna be able to Get on The Field. Oh, I know. He's been out for a couple of weeks. Oh, he, He, I'm, I'm sure he healthy. I don't think he hurt. He eat Taco Bell. Okay. Taco Bell. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think I, he, I don't think he hurt. I'm talking about he gonna hit The ground running. You know, T said what's up UNC 85 as receivers. Did y'all take pride in blocking? I know Ty is different, but on The Ravens It seems like they don't mind.


Well, they're run. They're, they're a running team. You got The block, you Got no choice. Look, look at that Bree Hall run. Look at Mike Williams. Look at Lazar Block. That's The difference. When time you see long runs by running back, The receivers are blocking. Look at The 49 ERs. Look at Depo. Look at I you look at Jen, look at Kiddo. If you want your, if you want your running back to have success. If you want to have a successful running game, your wide receivers half The Block. Yeah, I was. I was. And you gotta make It a point of emphasis and you gotta make It important. th Th I'm The. I'm The. I'm probably arguably might be The best block and receiver ever, ever, ever.


Because half The time I didn't have to touch nobody. Just run th off. Yeah. Ask my running back. Ask Rudy Johnson. Yeah. Ask, well rest in peace. Cedric Benson, Larry, we had Larry Johnson for a little bit. You know that? Yeah. He was watching when he got to y'all though. That's Not nice. That's not, that's not nice because wait, listen, when you Odoo laundry What you doing, you washing. Right? So you clean yourself. Yeah, but he had nothing. He had nothing. He was on fuel GoTo. He had done had he already had almost 800 carries in his body in two years. Ain't no coming back from that. He was toting that pill though. He was toting In Kansas City.


Yeah, he was told that thing. Boy, He wasn't told It for y'all. Yeah. Ho else. We had Michigan running back, man. Last last name was Perry. I can't remember his first name. He was, he was good. But yeah, I was, I took pride in my blocker, man. I wasn't, I wasn't no Hines Ward knocking people out. But I did What, I could, I don't even know if you was Cam Ward Man. Hell no. Nah. But you look at guys in The, west Coast system. West Coast wide receivers North. You got a block, you got two OCHO after suffering The worst home loss of his time as owner, general manager 4 7 9 to The Detroit Lions, Jerry Jones backed head coach Mike McCarthy.


When asked of a potential change, Jerry said, oh, I haven't even considered that. I'm not considering that. Just so you're clear, I'm not considering that. When reminded about his previous in-season coaching changes he made in 2010 when he fired Wade Phillips and named Jason Garrett interim head coach after one in seven start, Jerry became even more dispensing. That would be a hypothetical in that manner. Odoo, you think I'm an idiot? Joy Jerry, is that a rhetorical question or is that one that you want a yes or no answer to? Don't answer Odoo. You. Okay. Well, I'm not going to Odoo hypotheticals with you about What. I would consider coaching change in light of timing. We're sitting here with, I'm not at Al The coaches.


The Cowboys are three and three after The loss to The Lions. And that wasn't just The loss. No, no, no, no, no, no. That wasn't just a loss. Al losses aren't created equal. Yes, they go into The loss column, but they're not created equal. They're just one game behind The Commanders in The, N F Cs, but have lost their first three games at home for The. First time since 2010, they've been outs scored by 66 points. The Cowboys are Oing three in The Red Zone today. Ocho is It time to take McCarthy. Have question before we Get to mcc. Right. Before we Get even Get to The players. Before we Get to The defense. Before we Get to The offense. The Cowboys lost today, right?


ho was The first person we heard from Yes. The first person we always hear from Jerry. That's problem number one. That's problem one. That's problem number one. It always has been. But you, like you said, and like you told me, he would never change because he feels he's The best person to be able to run that team. But The Cowboys did today. It was very bad. It was dreadful. It was awful. It was terrible. It was frightful. It was atrocious. It wasn't disgraceful. It was deplorable. I'm not sure if I have any other words I can explain The Cowboy showing today offensively and defensively. It was bad. It was bad. It was bad To The Point where The fucking Detroit Lions were running stuff that I haven't seen in years that I ran when I was an optimist.


When I was in Little League, they were doing trick plays that I did when I was eight years old. Yeah, They was very different. It is The N. FL This is The. Best of The best. It's The N. FL It's The. Best of The Best ho you throwing plays at The tackle Because I I have such little respect. This is What. You call being disrespectful because we're on national television. We gonna run a lateral. I've never Seen anything like that. Ocho we gonna call It. This is not The. Last play of The game, where we're gonna ladder It black and forth. We're gonna call It and Guess What before that. We gonna call a play. We gonna play fake It and we gonna try to throw a back shoulder to The.


Oh, not a tight end. Not a tight end a tackle. Listen, I I don't, I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on in The Jerry's world. They've had three games at home. They lost Al three games at home. I Odoo Odoo tonight wasn't, that wasn't a loss. I I really can't even conjure up The words. I tried to, I tried to to to give you a, a few synonyms on, on, on What Tonight was, but I don't, I don't, I don't know What. I don't know What. I don't, I It is It is It Mike McCarthy because they, with that same Mike McCarthy went 12, 12 and five last year. Well ho you But that's The with The. Mike McCarthy before that The. See th previous to that, yeah, they went 12 and five as well and, and had a, had a playoff birth.


Even though they, they, they went home in The first round. But still, this is not The same cowboy team that, I mean, I mean I'm used to, used to seeing, especially in The regular season. 'cause in The regular season, they Odoo win. But they don't start off this goddamn bad.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball The, blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against The Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, The coach, The expert. My next season's Al about fans and What The Rise of sports betting is doing to th to The teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against The Rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Defense, very Good Defense's Never been Good. Defense is not built to play from behind. No, but see, here's The thing is that What normally happens is that The offense can put pre, see they're built to play with a lead. And What happens when you can't play with The lead and you can't pin your ears back because you got those guys that don't have anchors in their back pockets. You see ho they was Mo you see ho The 184 yards and look at It. Yeah. They don't just Get beat they Get blown out. They Get blown out. What did The Saints Odoo to 'em. What did Green Bay Odoo to 'em in The playoffs they put up 48. They got 47 Hung on th Today. Yeah. Yeah.


New Orleans put 40 something on th The. Ravens took their foot out The Gas too soon they should have put 40 on. th And and people keep saying, well it's The defense, The defense that got three field goals. If I know my defense isn't good, I can't settle fulfill goals. I've gotta Get touchdown because I've gotta match. Yeah. Because if I don't, we're gonna be Get too far behind The. Best thing to happen is Dak threw that interception and he got him out. 'cause What was gonna happen is he was gonna Get some empty calories. And people gonna say, well, Dak didn't see The game, say Dak played well. Right? We've seen that far too many times. We saw It against The Saints, we saw It against The. Ravens, we see It a lot.


We saw It against Green Bay where he has these empty calories. And you look at The stat and you're like, well he didn't play bad if The Defense could've got some stops. No, you got three field goals. Damn. Three actually, yes sir. If you really think about It, ocho, yeah, they should. They should've put 60 On It. It could've been a 60 ball easily. It. It could have been, but that, that would've been very, i I changes if they put up 60 points, heads were probably gonna roll and somebody would've had to lose their job. But It would've been too much pressure from The outside world. But ho hold first of Al ho you gonna put It first of Al? You can't put Mike Zimmer in that job because his defense is trash.


So ho you put him in that job as The, as The of as The head coach. I don't know who's The offensive coordinator. ho Odoo, he hire Cowboys, right? I know Mike McCarthy calls The Plays, but ho has The job title as offensive coordinator. Brian Heimer, right? He's not, you're not putting him there. So you're kind of stuck because guess What, right? That's Mike McCarthy's offense. That's not Brian Schottenheimer's offense. That's Mike McCarthy. Because remember they got rid of The other guy because they said they ran The ball too much. I mean they, they threw The ball too much. They throw The ball weight more now than they did, I'm assuming because they, they're still not happy with The running game.


They're still not happy with those. They have to run The ball. So what's The answer? Theres Right What happens. O Joe, you fall. Oh, you have no choice by The throw when you by 14 you fall behind by 21. So you don't really know. Look, Odoo. I I think Odoo ell is okay. I don't think he's great. I don't think you're going anywhere with him. But you basically take your running game out because What Odoo, they Odoo every game they fall behind. And when you fall behind, I ain't even work. Okay running. I dare you too because Al, you gonna Odoo is run time off The clock because they don't really have anybody can hit The head on The goalpost.


So with that being said, yeah, appreciate It with that being said, this is bad. I don't know what's going on, but it's almost like CD and Dak has never played together. Ocho you know, he had 14 targets today and caught seven of th they put him in motion, he runs up The sideline. Dak throws It back showed he keeps going. Right? He's looking for It over here. Dak throws It over there. Daks looking for It to be over there. He throws It. It same over here. They gotta Get on The. Same thing. Oh, Joe, man, th guys been together for five years, Joe, you, me, Get on The same After five years, they're supposed to be in sync, especially in year five.


You supposed to know What. I'm thinking every time as receiver, if you know a guy's off and I'm coming in motion, I'm running down The field, right? And he's already off of me. It's okay. You throw that thing back shoulder if you Odoo, I have a guy pressed and he appoint me and I'm coming in motion and he's, and he's locked up. You let that bitch go. Like there should they The The one, The two people on offense. That should be in unison. It's th two. If th two outta sync, then everything is falling apart. They're not Order in order in order for their offense to Get a rhythm. Huh? If they can't on The ball, you Odoo ball, like they haven't been able to Odoo in order for their offense to Get a rhythm and everything to Get in sync. Goddamn. Goddamn four damn What number CD wear oh 4 88.


Oh, they gotta be on The same page because that 88 that can kick your, that can kickstart your offense right there like goddamn lawnmower. You know What shit ain't shit ain't going right. McCarthy call. So from four to 88 let's Get us, let's Get us in rhythm every time. Ocho, at some point in time we gotta come to The realization. The cowboys aren't good. You can say four to 88. You can say four to one and four to this. The Cowboys aren't good. Oh Yeah, they, they're not good. I didn't say It. It's Okay To say that, but I think, I think it's more than just that. That's in The way of th actually being good. It's It is more than just that than th actually being good, being good starts Al The way from The motherfucking top because The Kansas City chiefs are good, but It starts at The top.


The Ravens are good. Yeah. It's always started from The top. The Steelers are good. Even they're, they're rebounding back to being good. But It It It starts at The top. Just think about, think about Al The teams that are consistently good year in The year out, not living on What. They've done in The past Before Sunday. Ocho The largest home defeat at Jerry era came in 2001. They lost 36 to three. There have been on three other home losses that have been larger margins of defeats in team history for The third straight game The Cowboys face big halftime deficit. Remember 27 6 against The Lions. They were down 21 6 against The Ravens. They were down 35, 16 against The Saints and at The Wild Card game they were down 27 20 27 20.


No 27 7 at half time. Oh, by The way, Happy Birthday Jerry Ojo. I don't know if you remember this. Ain't nothing worse to Get th on your birthday. I mean, okay. 84, my bad. 82. Yeah because you older than my mom. Yeah my mom turned 81 in January. Ojo, you know ho you Get your birthday. Yeah. And you figure you could say and Odoo whatever you wanna and Get your birthday by your grandma or your mom. I ain't take, I ain't, I ain't even taking no chances back then. I mean, ho did that feel Jerry? Yeah. I mean to Get your ass tore up on your birthday that that's The worst time.


And then you know you normally gonna have your cousins over or something like that and you showing out. Oh boy you being Manish huh? There ain't nobody trying to be Manish. You just wanna beat me in front of my cousin. The Ravens beat the Commanders 30 23 for their four straight wins. Za Flowers nine catches a buck 32 at The, half The most yards and a half in, in Raven's history. He didn't see a Target The rest of The game and The Raven still rolled Lamar and Company gobbled up 484 yards 28. First down The 2024 Ravens of The first team since John Madden 1971 Raiders with 150 plus Russian yards and at least one touchdown in each of The first six games of The season.


Excuse me. They racked up 176 rush yards on The Day with The reigning MVP throwing for 323 yards. Ocho are we looking at another MVP season for L Jackson? Hell yeah. Shit The way he got damn playing even with The slow start even with The slow start in order to dig yourself out that out that hole you gotta have The right person with that goddamn damn shovel. You hear me and The person that got that shovel is Lamar Jackson and he playing hell of a ball, hell of a ball. Listen, he is a good thrower of The goddamn fucking football. Yes, I heard Ryan Clark say something where he said at this point in his, in just five games that Jayden Daniels is a better passer of The ball than Lamar Jackson.


Lamar Jackson has showed, even though he was considered a running back, coming out in The draft or saying he should been playing maybe wide receiver, he has honed The skill of being a good thrower of The Ball. Yes. For this ac He's accurate. He got touched, he got precision. I mean What else can you ask for he could, he could throw, he could throw you a goddamn bullet or he could touch that thing in there like a goddamn fairy. He's good at What. He does. If you watch The game today, I'm going to hike The Ball, I'm gonna Get The Ball and my first mindset is to throw The ball first to go through my reads. I'm gonna read my progression.


Hell, if I got enough time, I'm gonna go back to my progression again. And if I gotta run It, I'm gonna run It. Boy that he, that's dangerous. Dangerous. I think The most impressive thing about Lamar Ocho is that he's gotten better at throwing The football every single year. Yeah. And Al we said we don't need first of Al. It would be unfair, grossly unfair. If his passing ability ever surpassed It, his running ability, that wouldn't even be fair. You'd have to outlaw It. Yeah, that's not fair. The guy was 26, 20 of 26 3 23 a touchdown, an interception. He got sacked twice. I could live with that. But Ocho I remember after The first game What did I tell The RABs they should Odoo with Derrick Henry Put him in The goddamn eye.


That's when he is most efficient. Tosses in straight down motherfucking hill with The fullback. Goddammit, Since they put his ass in The eye, that man is running wild. Yeah, he's on pace. He's on pace for another 2000 yard season. Which would, if he got 2000 yards in another season 'cause no back has ever done right. 2000 more than once, just go ahead and put him in The Hall. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hey listen, They Run, they run It, you know, ho difficult. They're going to be to be. Yes. This with The way they playing right now. I'm not sure At some point, you know, you know you always have a game. I call It a trap game.


You always have Trap game. I'm not sure when that trap game's gonna come where It just seems nothing goes right and nothing actually works. But with The way they going right now, you can't stop. You can't stop him. Now not only can you not stop The running game, if you can't stop The running game It makes The pass The game that much easier That that's What because think about It when Lamar's throwing The ball to The tight end Mark Andrews. Yeah. He's throwing The ball to likely, likely they, they so far open wide because you gotta Get wide open. You gotta Get that safety down wide open because you can't stop him with The light box. And Lamar is dealing, I mean he is dealing, I mean he's hitting likely he loves throwing to his tight end. Mark Andrews was always his favorite, but now he has a guy in Za Flowers.


He not that big Ocho. Yeah. Oh, he can Get open now. He can go now. Hey, he could go, Hey, they can't touch him in a phone booth. He could go. Yeah, he's Unbelievable. He, he's, he's, he's unbelievable. He's playing but The Ravens, they're playing unbelievable. They're playing unbelievable football because they are so balanced. Guess What Ocho 26 ru they had 26 pass attempts, 37 rush attempts, and they gonna chew The clock up because when you run The ball like they can run It, it's gonna be tough for you to stop. th it's tough. It's gonna be tough for you to stop. th it's really that simple and they The Ray, look, The Commanders were good.


I mean you can't, Jay Daniels he was 24 35 2 69 2 touchdowns. They didn't run The ball nearly well enough. And so The Ravens were, was, would, did a great job. They ran The ball 18 times for 52 yards. That's not good enough. That's less than three, that's less than three yards of carry yo. Right. You ain't, you ain't, you ain't putting no fear, nobody hard running less The ball. Less than three yards of carry. But The Ravens defensively they got after him. They only, they were sacked him three times. But The offense. Yeah, Right when they humming like that, yeah, they gonna be hard to beat. Yeah. I mean listen, even They're gonna be Hard to beat.


You know, What The funny thing is even in The loss, even in The loss that they, Jayden Daniel still a good, even in The loss Oh yeah, even Odoo, but The thing, you have to, you have to understand, you have to understand ho they playing, they ain't playing The goddamn ravening defense every goddamn week. Then you're not playing a juggernaut, a juggernaut of an offense like that every week. So I can see th beating everyone else in The, N, FL if so happen, they have to play th until you Get to like, until you Get to let's, let's say The playoffs where The teams are obviously going to be that much better since they were able to make It. But I mean listen, The, The, The commanders have no reason to hang their head. Obviously you, you, you lost to a, a very, very good team today. But when you think about It, you run down.


If you look at The, The, rest of The, N, FL ho, many teams Odoo, you think It really go, can really beat and play with The Commanders right now with The kind of quarterback play that they're getting from Jayn Daniels Ain't too many got damn many, ain't too many Ultra For sure. For sure. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for The Wafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in Al of club soccer returns with The whole new format. And this year The Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from The world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion league match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur going Infinite. Moneyball The Blind side in Liars Poker on The latest season of my podcast against The Rules. I'm exploring What. It means to be a sports fan in America and What The Rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against The Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against The rules. Listen to against The rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager. We're back for The season with Peter Schrager. In each episode of this season, I'm gonna empty my proverbial notebook and take you inside and behind The scenes on The conversations that happen at The highest levels of N FL franchises. You see, you'll be in The front office of an N FL team one week, but The next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan, Paul Rudd by The way. Can I just point out ho much? I like The music of this podcast. Music is an awesome, incredible, very good. It's very kind like a funky beat. Listen to The season with Peter Schreker on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast.