
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now, and enjoy.


Hey, it's Wilford El and Sabrina Bryan. And we're the host of the new podcast, Magical Rewind. You may know us from some of your favorite childhood TV movies like My Date with the President's daughter And the Cheetah Girls movies. Together, we're sitting down to watch all the movies you grew up with and chat with some of your favorite stars and crew that made these iconic movies happen. So Kick back, grab your popcorn and join us Listen to Magical Rewind on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by State Farm like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet, because Summer doesn't stop In Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox sativa's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous sends at a nearby retail store.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply. The Volume.


The 82 game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the Play in tournament through the finals. Draft King Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices viewed from your seat, the lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite dog, Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the rot runner extraordinaire. The Beal ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler, the all pro, the legendary, you know, it from Samo, Juco, the Oregon State all the way to the Bengals where he made a name for himself and from Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And remember, you are the reason we enjoy a level of success that we've enjoyed thus far.


Thank you. Make sure you go check out My Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock, so please, if we don't have it on a city near you, we can have it shipped right to your door. So thank you again. Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. And guys, with no further ado, we got no more introductions to make here he is the current world's fastest man Olympic gold medalist in the 100 meters. He's a three time, 200 meter champ at the World Championship. He anchored the world, the gold medal winning team in the World Championship last year. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen.


Noah Lyes. Noah, how you doing, bro? Feeling good. Feeling good. What's popping? I, I'm good. Let's get right into it. That race leading into it, you ran your fastest time leading that Diamond League meet. I think you ran 9 8 1. Yeah. Yeah. You know Khan, k Shane Thompson has run 9, 7, 7 and everybody's talking. That's the man to beat. That's the man to beat. And you had never run sub nine eight to run it in the finals when you absolutely had to have it. Tell me, what was your strategy going into that race and how were you able to pull it off? To be honest, I had many strategies. They all kind of, you know, were thrown out the window.


The closer and closer we got to the, the, the, the finals, the line. Okay. You know, in the first round I'm like, okay, you know, I'm gonna work on my first 60, I'm gonna get out. But you know, you know, I have a DD so my brain is working on overdrive. It's like, well, we could, we could get out easy and then hit it hard or we can get it hard and then shut it down, or we could run fast all the way. And the problem was, I thought too much, and then I underestimated my competition. It's like, nope. See now you had to, you, you messed up. I'm like, all right, all right, all right. I need to calm my brain down. I need to get it set on one goal. So we get to the semi-finals now. I'm like, all right, aggression, mindset, power, everything like that. And it produced, you know, a really good time, 93, it, you know, it tied again, my second fastest time, what, which was my PR before London.


So I'm like, all right, you know, I'm, I'm good, I'm good. But you know, I feel I can go even faster, you know, I didn't want to get beat, you know, so here I am coming, getting second in the semis. I'm like, you know, what's going on? So my, my therapist calls me and she's like, you're running with aggression, you're running with, with a, a Noah. That is not you. And I'm like, okay, fair enough that that's not me. You know, that, that's a, an older way of thinking. That's just not how I run. She's like, you need to run free. You need to run with no pressure. Just go out there and run. And I'm like, all right, cool. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go out there and I'm gonna just run. And I'm, she said, if you control the crowd, you control the race. And I know, I'm like, well, shoot, that's, that's how I do.


I'm a show, man. That's, that's what I do. You know, all I gotta do is be Noah. If that's all that takes, I'm gonna win the race. But we get, you know, we're getting out there and I'm just like, just be me. Just be me. Just be me. We get out there and, you know, they're doing the intros and you know, K Shane comes down, K Shane, he, he ends up yelling and I'm like, oh, hold on. That's my, that's me. But I didn't hold it for it. I, I liked it though, because I love to see more personalities come up than just look at the camera, say, hi, walk out. It's like, nah, nah, bring that energy. Like, get me excited to run. So, you know, there, there's another YouTube video that NBC put out where it's like, if you can see us in the back, in the car room, you know, Fred in the, on the side, you know, banging on the wall is like, let's go.


You know, 'cause Shane's doing his, his yelling, I'm over here singing Dreams, the nightmares. I'm like, yeah, this, this is an Olympic final. This is an Olympic final. So, you know, I go out, I'm jumping around, I'm running past the cameras, I'm yelling at the crowd, and they over here like, yeah, excited. I'm like, yeah, this, this is my race now. And you know, from that point on, it was just repeating, you know, you know, God got me, God got me, got got me because at this point, I've done everything that I need to do to win this race. Everything that I need to do has been done in months in advance. You know, we're already here now. It's just a believing in myself that it's gonna get done. And it's not about running fast times, it's about running to win. The times will come when you run to win.


So you go out there and your reaction time isn't bad because normally you're like, your reaction time is a little slow. But I think you knew I really can't spot as Justin Gatlin says, nine eight can't catch nine eight if you give up too much cushion. Yep. Your reaction time wasn't that much behind him. I think he was 0.176, and I think you were 0.178. And so, so you really close, but you know, you got the top head, you got 400 meter strength, you got 200 meter strength. Strength. Yeah. So you've had to feel good. If I'm close to this joker at 50, 60 meters, I can get home.


Yeah. I knew, I, I knew I, I had a good lane when I saw oblique Seville was gonna be next to me. I'm like, this is the guy who's been beating me. He's beat me twice, already twice. Right. I know, I know his strengths. I know where he's gonna try and, and, and go on me. And the problem, I feel, is every time that's happened, I've been too many lanes away to see when he makes that move. Okay. So I'm like, now that I got you right next to me, I know when you're gonna make your move. And I know I'm gonna make it as soon as you make yours. And you know, thankfully he was there for that. And I was able to do that. And a lot of people get stuck on this reaction time and like, oh, you got out the block slow. You know, I, I'm a, I'm a numbers guy. I look at every 10 meter increment. I look at five meter increments, how fast I was to this part of the race, how fast I was in this, and the, at the end, in the beginning.


So when I'm looking back at the race, I'm looking at the numbers. The numbers are actually very normal for me. In the first 10 meters, it was probably some of, like, it matches some of my fastest runs. The difference is everybody else said, I gotta be better. I gotta be more, I gotta be more than I've ever been before. And they did, but in the end of that race, they tired themselves out. So you saw a time that was not representative of their prs because they used so much energy trying to be that in the beginning of the race. But because I was, you know, already on par for what I normally do, I just put an extra bit on the end and it led me to running it faster.


You know what, it's, it's so funny when I sit here and think about it, when I think about running a hundred meters, right, the margin of error is so small, you can't make any mistakes And, if you do it. If, if you do make a mistake, whether it be in the start or depending on what phase of the race, you do make that mistake in the chances of coming back. Since everybody is so fast and the race is so short, obviously only being nine seconds, how do you process the race when you have so many different runners against you? Are you racing more so against them? Are you more so racing against yourself from a strategic standpoint? Yeah, It's a patient race. It, it's, it's very patient. A lot of people think, you know, you just gas it from the get go. You can't do that.


You know, there are many runners who are, are specialists in the 60, and then they come to the a hundred and it's not always as representative. You don't see a transition, you know, to the hundred and even to 200. So yeah, it's a patient race. And to answer your question on terms of athletes, you know, there, there's a confidence in yourself knowing that no matter who you race, you're gonna still do what you've been doing in practice. Right. But there's also a confidence in yourself that says, I love to compete, and when somebody pulls on me, pulls up on me, or somebody gets out on me, I'm gonna catch it. Right? Yeah. So it, it's, it's, it's a confidence thing. You know, if you panic in that moment, it doesn't matter if you're racing the Com competitors or if you're saying, oh, I had a bad reaction time, I'm outta the race, you know, it's the confidence to say, I'm gonna get myself back into the race, or hold on, it's okay.


I'm gonna reel 'em back in, you know, I'm gonna catch them, gimme a few meters, Don't tighten up, but I'm gonna get to you. It's that. Can I ask Nora, lemme ask you this. I was hoping that you and Kasha was next to each other, because like I said, I had, we had Justin Gatlin on here, And, we had Michael Johnson on before this race took place. And I said, the problem that I have is that he, khain has never been on the global stage. I said, I understand the 9, 7, 7 at the trials, but the Olympics and the world stage is something different. I say, if somebody can make him run the full hundred meters, we'll see if he can still hold that form when he's letting up at 80 meters. I think Big Fred being next to him, put him under the gun.


He applied pressure from the beginning all the way to the end. And, if you look at his last 88, like 15, 20 meters, that form started to break. And that was your, that was the door that you needed to open just enough for you to put a foot in and get, eventually get your, get your torso to the line first. Yes. No, I agree. It's, it is very accurate. And another point to that is, you know, a lot of people is like, oh, KA Shane ran this time, slowing down, slowing down, slowing down. And yes, it's very impressive that he ran those times slowing down. But unfortunately, you never took your body to running full speed. So when now you need it at the end, it, it, it's a, it's a new, it's a new world.


Mm. And unfortunately, you don't want to put yourself in a new world position in the Olympic final. But I do agree a hundred percent putting pressure on him, Fred, putting pressure on him definitely was a bonus to me. You know, the, the Go ahead O Joe, go ahead. Get your Question on. Hey, to piggyback off, one of the key words that you said, obviously being on an Olympic stage represent your country a hundred meters in Paris. Now you have experience running in big meets, you have experience being on the big stage. Does the pressure really affect you that much? And if it does affect you, what ways are you able to dodge it and suppress that pressure to be able to go out there and run the race that you need to?


The way that I view crowds and pressure, you know, my coach said something that I felt like really got to me. He said, pressure can work in one of two ways. It can either boost you by 20% or it can tear you down by 20%. Yeah. You decide how you want that 20% to go. If you say, this is my opportunity, this is my moment, this is was made for me, that's a boost. 20%. Right? If you're going in saying, shoot, I never raced these guys before, you know, I don't know if I could do this. You know, this is uncharted territory. You know what, if I'm not prepared, what a bunch of what ifs, what ifs, what ifs, that's 20% less, then you're gonna pro underperforming.


You know, that's not the mindset you want going into that. And that's how I view Compe competing. Every time I get to a big stage, I believe that this is a moment that God has prepared for me. You know, I put in the work in the natural, you know, I'm gonna believe that God put in the super and to together, we're gonna create the supernatural. Yay. I like It. Okay, let, let's transition. You win the goal. You said that's what you wanted to do. You wanted to win the goal. There haven't been a whole lot of men, Noah, that have doubled, won the a hundred meter gold and the 200 meter goal in the Olympics. We know what you seen both there from oh eight to 16, he tripled up Carl Lewis, he doubled up. But it's not been a whole lot of men to win both of those races.


And so I know your, you, you got the hard part out the way. Yeah. It was supposed to be, your most challenging event was going to be the hundred. You are 200 meter specialist. Kinda like you saying that turned yourself into a great a hundred meter runner. So now you get to the 200. When did you start to notice something like, damn, I'm coming down with something. I don't feel like Noah, my wind isn't, I I'm not, I'm not being able to breathe like I normally do. Yeah. I, to be honest, there, were now looking back, there were signs the day of the finals of the hundred Okay. That I was like, this is taking too much energy to produce what I normally produce.


But I just threw it to the side. And then I wake up the next day, so it's Monday now after the, the finals and I'm, and I have a, a sore throat. And I'm just thinking, oh, okay, maybe I just cheered a little too much. Maybe I was yelling a little too much, even though I didn't really feel like I was, I just, you know, put it off to that. 'cause you know, I had a job to do. Right. It wasn't until I woke up in the middle of the night on Tuesday morning and I'm, my body is aching. I'm chills, I'm, I'm, I got a headache. My sinuses are running, my throat is super sore. I'm like, oh no, these are all the signs I get before I get Covid.


And I said, I called up the doctor in that moment. I said, we, we need to test, we need to test. Now. You, you, you, so you've had Covid before, so you know, the symptoms or the oncoming of it Again? Not, not only have I had covid before for the last two years, I have gotten Covid a week, or the week of us championships the last two years. Wow. So, so, okay. So this Was the first, This is the first year that I didn't show up to us championships with Covid or with just coming out of Covid. So I'm thinking, oh, I'm good. I'm not catching Covid this year. You know, it's gonna be great. Here it is again, the worst time in the worst time in the world.


But you feel good. You going through the round, you feel fairly good. I think you draw to BOGO in the semis. Yeah. And you look, no, you ran a, I think you ran a 1950, I think he was in the race and he ran 1957, but it was a nip and tuck race. No, No, no, no, no, no, no. That wasn't, that wasn't this meet. No, No, no. I'm not saying that. But I'm saying you were in a race previously that you won the race. Kenny. Kenny, go ahead. Yeah, Kenny, I ran, oh gosh, I can't remember if it was 53 and he ran 57 or 56. It was at US championships, right. That, Yeah. But you, you ra you raced to bogo, so, you know, oh, many times slow.


He has great, he's 44, he's low 44 in the four, in the 400. He's, he's got nine sub nine, nine in the hundred. So, you know, he probably on a good day, he probably can go sub 19 six. Oh, you're probably thinking I'm probably gonna need to go sub 19 six, maybe even 19 five in order to win this, given the given who's in this race. Correct. I wasn't even thinking about that. Okay. Because coming into the meet before I went over to London, I'm doing practices and I'm asking my coach, what do I need to run to prove to you that I can break this world record into 200?


He tells me the time and I do it. So in my head, I'm in world record shape. Wow. So it's not about the competitors, it's how well can I run my best race? Okay. But as soon as I get covid, I'm like, oh my gosh. Like now I'm just trying to make sure that I get through every round. Now I'm, I'm gonna be able to be as fit as possible. You know how I was talking about having a plan before you got, before I got to the round a hundred. Yeah. I had a plan before I got to the 200. Now I'm out the window. Right. You Threw it out. Threw it out. Yeah. I'm, I'm right now, I'm just trying to get as healthy as possible. They put me on the medication, the, the covid medication and that stuff is amazing.


I'll tell you, it, it shorten, it supposedly gets rid of most of the symptoms and it shortens the time period that you actually have covid. That, that stuff is amazing. But of course, still, you know, having asthma, it has an effect. So I'm just trying to go through, you know, warmups, trying to get as normal as possible each round. But, and, and in my head, I'm just, and I'm trying to just throw away any negative thought that I have. Again, keeping that confidence in the idea of, I'm gonna go into this believing that I'm in the best shape of my life. I like that. This, this is, this is really dope and really fascinating. I mean, o obviously for me in listening to how you guys transition, like when you think about the 200 meters, you think about the a hundred meters.


So your 200 meter race to me, I would think is a strategy and a mixture of speed and endurance. Is, is there a way you can break down the approach you take as opposed to the a hundred meter? Yeah. And the way you approach the 200 meter when it comes to strategy? Yeah, I'd say the, the in the hundred. Yeah. You know, the, the way that me and my coach break it down is to first to 60. And then, you know that, that, and then my top end speed will hit around 80 meters. Right. And then I'm just holding positions. If I try to run any faster after 80 meters, you know, I'm likely to start breaking down. Okay. And the 280, I feel that it's a constant building up.


I'm constantly just building up speed, building up speed, building up speed. I'm very conscious of where I'm positionally in the lane. Right. I want to be in the middle of the lane to middle outside. And then when I come from the turn to the straight, I move straight to the middle or middle inside and slingshot. And off of that, you can relate it to nascar. You know, they, they go wide slingshot of It come that Right. Right. Rights very similar in the 200, using that speed and then, you know, just maintaining, you know, upright running positions. You know, after a while when you've run it so many times and you are striking the ground with straight legs directly underneath your hips, it's easy to run fast.


It just feels like you're kicking, you're on a skateboard and you're just kicking, pushing it along. Right. You know, that's the mindset that I kind of have as I'm running the 200 specifically because it just keeps, it's just momentum building and building and building. You don't really want it to slow down. Unfortunately, that was not the strategy that I went in, in this 200 because I felt that throughout the whole rounds, I had to constantly build up my energy just so I can get to baseline Noah. Mm. So by the, by the time I got to the finals, I'm like, if I don't bring out the energy that I normally do, I don't think my body would react in the same way.


Right. Yeah. I gotta, I already, I gotta get it back to baseline so we can give myself a fighting chance in the whole race.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop. And Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casinos home to hundreds of casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine ODU ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ODU harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@od.com. That's o doo.com.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours, but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


There's no better Place to watch live TV This fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Is there, is there a preference of lame? Because I didn't think you, look, I didn't think you wanted Kenny Erck that far outside and to BOGO that far outside of you. If there, I mean, a lot of people like Lane 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, I think you were in lane four. So what's your, what's your lane preference given if, if no allows is a hundred percent healthy? And if training has been great leading up to the meat, what's your lame preference? Six or seven. Okay. I've had my fastest times in six and seven. I can do damage in anything from four to eight. After once, once you go below four, it's, it gets real difficult. That turn is, gets really tight. Right. And the, the way that you have to position your body is, is it, it it strains the body to get around the turn so that you can give yourself a fighting chance on the second hundred.


Yeah, That's a, that's a really tight turn when you're on the inside lanes. You really, you gotta be hugging that inside lane. You gotta really, what's Crazy, what's crazy is Michael Johnson broke the world record in lane three because that did used to be technically a preferred lane. I don't know how he did that, because I've run it lane three quite a few times. That, that, that is not a, that is not a, a preferred lane in my opinion. You know, the lady that broke the marina k she broke the world record in lane two in 400 meters. Yeah, I, I know, I know. Well, I ain't gonna talk about that. Yeah, no, we're not gonna, there there was some, there was some thing, there was some testing going on state funded.


We'll get we'll about that Offline. Offline. So, okay. You, you got covid and, and, and, and everybody seemed to be making light of the situation that you're like, I need water. I need to get, so you are like, did you ever think about pulling out the race? I'm surprised they let you race because normally Covid, you get covid, we can't have you contaminate anybody else. What did, did the officials any say nor we gotta quarantine you for 28, 4 24 hours, you might not be able to race. Was that ever a conversation? Yeah, that was a conversation while I was getting tested. I was talking with the team, USA doctors and they were telling me what the rules are. They changed them from Tokyo.


They said that anybody who has Covid is allowed to compete. It's up to the governing body of their sport or their country to decide how they want to handle the covid situation. Okay. So, you know, I'm, I'm just letting you know, there were a lot of people in the village who had covid, you know, that just didn't say it. I'm just the most popular person who got covid and actually said I had it. And because of that, it sort of, you know, it stirs up a lot of controversy in itself. But, you know, I've, as soon as I heard I got Covid and I was able to compete, I said, I'm going to try, you know, I I'm, I'm not promised tomorrow. Right. So I'm gonna take advantage of what I have today and if it's so, if it's so be it that I'm not strong enough to make it through the rounds, then I'm, you know, I wasn't, I wasn't able to do it.


But the fact that I was able to get to the finals and, and still grab bronze, I was like, that's a medal that I could have easily just said, nah, I got the gold. I'm good. No, no, I'm here now. Yeah. I fought for this for four years. I trained for this for four years. Why not take the opportunity, Obviously, you know that, you know the mythical number that's out there. 19. 19, yep. Yeah. You've taken down the American record held by Michael Johnson. He broke that record in 1996 at the Olympics. Actually, he broke it at the trials of 1966, the 1979 record. So he's went, I mean, what, 1972 was the world record, if I'm not mistaken. No.


In 79. But it was at altitude. Michael broke it at sea level in Atlanta. So, you know, you are gonna have to have the perfect race. It's gonna have to be the perfect surface, and it's gonna have to be the perfect, you are gonna get the perfect lane and you're gonna have to have the perfect competitors. Everything's gonna have to be perfect, Noah. Yeah, no, yeah. But that doesn't mean it can't happen, you know, I mean, I'm, I'm very aware of that. That's, but I'll be ready on the day, you know, I can't be ready on every day. I try to be as ready as possible. And that's, you know, what I, I strive for. You know, I know that perfection is never a thing that you can actually obtain, but on my journey for perfection, I can obtain history.


Yeah. I like it. Speak. Speaking of that journey and where you are right now at the top of your game, the best, the fastest in the world at what you do, many would view you in a, in a way that most would see obviously the villain in, in, in a sense. You know, you know, being at the top, people taking shots at you, you being somewhat brash and confident in the way you carry yourself and the way you do your job. And that, that is okay. Do you embrace being a villain in, in, in some sort of way and, and, and enjoy some of the, the, the banter back and forth or, I'm, I'm just curious how you feel about it, because, you know, you always hear some of the things from other athletes saying stuff.


Yeah, yeah. And you fire back. I mean, how, how do you take it personally? Do, do you, do you enjoy it? Do you like it? And just before you answer, like for me, myself as a villain myself, I love being in that spot. I, I like it. I like people talking about me. I like the trash talk back and forth. I'm just curious, how do you, how do you feel about it? I have a mixed view on it. In the sport itself, if we're talking about straight running, you're better than me. I'm better than you. I don't have a problem with it. I love it. Okay. You know, I love the banter. I love the energy. I love going back and forth. I don't have a problem with that at all. Right. That's why I, I've love to see, that's what gets everybody excited. Now, when people lie on my name outside the sport, that's when I draw issues and draw lines.


But Unfortunately a disconnect. I can't control that. You know, I can't, I can only do my best. But, you know, I'm very aware that people are gonna wanna hear what they wanna hear and some people are gonna take things different ways. And that's just how we are as humans, you know, everybody has their difference of opinions. Unfortunately. That is where I, you know, I gotta say, I gotta remind myself of that, you know? Okay, The agents are gonna hear what they wanna hear, hear, but the people who support me, they're gonna wanna hear what they hear as well. And at the same time, I, I see so many people who are affected by what I do in a positive light that I'm like, okay, you know, this, this makes me feel good. You know, it's, it is very comforting to, to see that and, and know that, you know, I'm changing sport, you know, I'm trying to Yeah.


Move forward as much as possible in terms of being the villain and being the hero. I see myself as an anti-hero. Yeah. Sometimes you gotta get your hands dirty and sometimes yeah. You know, you gotta you gotta try and shoot for the stars. But we're not perfect. We're, I mean, we're human, you know? Yeah. We make mistakes. Oh, definitely. You know, but And, we try to do better, you know, I would hope we try to do better. But yeah, I'm, I mean, one of my, I feel biggest strengths is, you know, I listen to the people around me and when I mess up, I try to correct those wrongs and do the best and do better next time. Yeah. No, one, one thing I can say is when you reach for the stars and you get your hand dirty and you combine the two, you combine the two, it's, it creates someone extraordinary.


So from, from one to another, keep doing it the way you're doing it and keep making noise. I appreciate it, man. I appreciate it. No, I think you got a lot of pushback. You run the World Championship last year and unprompted you said you see these hats and they have world champions on it, which we've always called the basketball players. We've always called the NBA, the, the NFL, the Super Bowl champ. We've always called MLB, we've always called them world champs. What? And I, I think that's where a lot of the blowbacks, because it seems like one of America's best athletes were taking another, was taking a shot at some of the America's best athletes. And I think it kind of put you under the eye because then, you know, basketball players said, well, they said some football players chimed in also.


And then for the first time I actually saw some of these athletes like openly rooting against you. I mean, you might not, I mean something you would probably never see in another country. You are not gonna see the Dutch, somebody from Dutch rooting against Fmca or rooting against Carson. He's from Norway or Reon. We're not gonna see that. Do you think you brought some of this on yourself with that comment? Or what were you hoping to accomplish by making that comment? I, I think the last question that you asked, what was I trying to accomplish by making the comment is the most important one. Everybody sees the clip, everybody sees the thumbnail, everybody sees the 16 seconds.


But did anybody decide to ask, what was the question that he, that was asked to me? The question that was asked to me is, how do you feel knowing that when you go back to your own country, unlike these other countries that celebrate their athletes on such a humongous stage, when to Boho won his gold medal, he went back to a stadium field with 30,000 people celebrating. Yes. When I showed up back home on my flight, of course some people recognized me and I'm very thankful for that. But there was, there was no 30,000 people.


There was no limo driver ready to take me home. There, there, there was no bus waiting. If I, I had my mom, I had my pops and they were ready to take me home and I was ready to go to bed. But there was none of that. Right. There was none of that. Right, right. But that, that, that the, the, the difference, it, I, I can understand the difference because we have a different way in America of seeing our sports. The problem that I had was you were given the title of a world champion, the people who weren't facing the world. Mm. That's where I drew the line and said, that's hurtful. And you already have those, but you're given the title.


The people who aren't doing that, nothing wrong with being ask you this national champion ask. They're great champions. They just didn't have the title Is, is Nicole Yoic one of the best players in the world? I'm gonna be honest, I dunno who that is. Okay. Luca. Luca, is he not one of Okay. Gianni. Yeah, he's okay. What, what's the point, Victor? Are they good? They're great. They're great players. Great players, But they're world players. They're not from America. And the problem that you're gonna run into Noah is that Botswana doesn't have a whole lot of ath athletes to celebrate as opposed to Americans.


If you look at probably Kenya and Ethiopia and, and, and, and, and, and Sudan and some of these other countries, the Dutch, the nor Norwegians, we got NBA, we got MLB, we got football, we got baseball. And so yeah. Teams, they have parades. Nobody is getting, for the most part, even Michael Phelps, I don't know if they, did they have, how many people showed up at MET? I don't know if Michael Phelp what they goals. I dunno if he had 30,000 show up. I know they might have had a big contingent cheering him on. I just think that the difference is Noah, is that in a sport in a, in a, in a country like Botswana or you're talking about a country, he's their hero. He's, he, he is he To Botswana, he's LeBron James.


Yeah. That's what he is to Botswana. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Usain Bolt, what he is to Jamaica. He's, he's, he's there. Michael Jordan. Yeah, I agree. And Michael Jordan was Chicago. They showed out for the parade. But, but probably when he went back to Wilmington, where he was from, ain't no 30,000 show up for it. Yeah, no, I agree. No, I agree a hundred percent. The the, I'm not expecting that. I'm not expecting the parade. I'm just showing that the, the difference of how our sport is shown in, because the question that was asked again Yes. Was how does it feel knowing that when I go back home, it's not when somebody like to boho, it's getting when he goes home.


Right. And again, I know what it's, I know what it is. I know we have, you know, football and basketball, baseball, golf, those are all above my sport. I know that. I'm cool with that. I of course I wanna make that better. But I understand that again, the only problem I had was you have world champions, but you're giving the title to people who aren't facing the world and you're giving them the title of World Champion. That's the only thing. That's the only thing. Me personally, no. I think if, look, your two biggest meets are two biggest are the Olympics in the World Championships and enough they don't the the Diamond Leagues.


Yeah. I mean if you stream it, you can see it. It's not, it's not as televised as say football or basketball. It's not, or baseball at all. And so it's hard for the America, for the, for the cash, for the cash person. Right. Everybody has a favorite team. Whether, you know, the Cowboys fans, they're all over the place. The Steelers fans, the Packers, whomever. And so it's hard when I only really get a chance to see no Lau maybe what, three, four times in a four year span. In a four year cycle. Yes. I agree a hundred percent. It's something that I talked to World Athletics, U-S-A-T-F, every, the Dime Leagues constantly about, I mean, you know what the hardest pill is gonna be for us to swallow as a sport.


Sprint just came out. It is, is successful around the world. It's successful in the us. They're about to come out with another season and it's gonna do great. The hard part is that we as a sport are not ready for the popularity that is gonna come. Everybody's gonna say, I wanna be a track and field fan. I wanna follow Fred, I wanna follow Noah, I wanna follow Ariane. Guess what? We don't even have a place to tell them to go to watch the track because it's in every other different country, a different place. And it's, you gotta get a VPN and you gotta find your own website. You gotta go on these bag alley places to just watch regular TV in a different language.


We, ourselves are not ready infrastructurally wise to say, Hey world, get on, get, come on. We got something amazing for you. And that's the hard part. We just, you know, the rights just for the Diamond Leagues just got dropped by NBC and moved the flow track. Now we're putting it behind a paywall and making it even harder for fans to become new fans To watch, enjoy. Okay. It Hurts. It hurts. Yeah. Because I knew this was gonna happen. I knew that this was, that Sprint was gonna be successful. 'cause we have great athletes, great stories, the sucky parties. We are not ready for it yet. We need to get ready. And, we need to do it fast. Because coming to la It's is is the, is is the, the event you're talking about is Michael Johnson, what he just launched, I think he got Sid McLaughlin, I think he had a couple of Ran Slam Track.


Ran Slam Track. Ran Slam Track. Yes. Are have they, have they approached you about being an active participant in, in this? We've, I've been in talks between me, Michael, and my agent. We've been talk since the day I heard about it. Trying to get as much information, trying to get as much, you know, a feed on it, a feel for what's going on. There's a lot that I like that he, he's doing. There's a few things that I, I think could be a little better, but the thing that's stopping me at the, the heart of it is I have yet to hear a TV provider, you know, again, what good is it? If we're producing these great times, these great shows, right? These great every sees it And, we nobody see it.


Because now we, it's the problem. We're in the same problem with the Diamond Leagues and with World Championships. I need to hear a TV provider. I need to know that it's gonna be able to get seen consistently. Yeah. I think that the, and that's one of the important things to grow the sport is the exposure. You have to have the exposure. You have to have the visibility also on, on, on the back end of that. And, and what I like is, is the more personalities that we have in track and feel those that don't just go out and do their job and just do it quietly, but make noise while they're doing it. It there, it, it creates a certain excitement for people that don't watch or just might be just casual fans. Yeah.


Creates Who Wanna tune in. Yeah. It, it forces and it makes people want to tune in and see what's gonna happen. And especially when you have guys that are polarizing like yourself. They have the personality and have the enthusiasm and this certain aura about 'em that makes you wanna watch, even if you're not a track fan. But again, man, the TV exposure and visibility is, is very important. And it's sad in 2024 that it's not where it should be, where more people can watch it. No, I know you didn't participate in the Four by one, but what was your level of disappointment? Because if you look at what they ran and qualify to qualify, they ran 37, 40, 37 40 would've won the gold.


Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, Kevin ran 37 50, which won the gold medal in the time that they qualified with. And one of the problems that I have, you was the only person that's back that didn't run into qualifying rounds. You were gonna run anchor. Why would they move the championship? The world, the, the world championship team. Coleman handed the baton to Fred Curly. Why would you take Fred from second leg and put him on Anchor when Fred has been running second leg for the last two to three big meets? There's a lot I want to say, but I, I'm gonna start with this. I first want to give props to that team for not throwing anybody under the bus after they did not complete the task.


Because if we want to get better, we can't be blaming people. So I don't want to come over, come out here and start blaming people. No, I'm blaming the coaches because they, That is usually, but if therein lies the problem, how many people are in the coach's ear that that is the thing that gets USA in trouble? Because you gotta know that some of these athletes are Nike athletes with Nike coaches. I'm an Adidas athlete with an Adidas coach. Mm. And some coach's opinions personal are held at higher regard than other coaches' opinions. Mm. And when one person is taken down, IE me, it creates now a, a, a shift.


And everybody wants to go into different places. 'cause they're a little bit scared and they're a little bit nervous and they, they, they, they want to get, they wanna do it a little different. And I feel in that vacuum of me leaving it, it, it provided everybody a chance to say, okay, well we can now switch it up a different way. And unfortunately because of that, we weren't prepared. You know, those were, those were handoffs that were not practiced when we practiced. And, and seeing it was, was what had happened was, was heartbreaking. It was truly heartbreaking because I believe there were two op in my head, there were two great options that we had. One was to use the team from the prelims that would've got the job done and the other was to put Kenny on the, the anchor leg.


Unfortunately, that's not the, the route that we went and it, it just didn't get done. And it is, it's heartbreaking to see. But you Noah. Yeah. If I have Olympics, we haven't been able to get the baton around five. All I know is every time I'm on the anchor, we win. That's all I know. Well, you need to suck it up. You shoulda went out there with that mask on and sucked it up. Did. I was thinking about that when I was watching it.


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


You slept through your alarm, missed the train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh. Cold. Sounds like you could use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land is where people go every day To get lucky. At Lucky Land, you can play over a hundred casino style games for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky land slots.com and get lucky today. No purchase necessary. VGW Group fo were prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions applied.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine ODU ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let ODU harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


We had, we had Quincy Hall on and Quincy said, I, I know you said you wanted to run not only the four by one, but the four by four. Quincy believes that you could lay down a blistering time in the open four. What do you think you, what can you, what can you, what's your PR currently and what do you think you can run with some training? Oh, I haven't run the four an open force since high school. I think I ran like 47 4. But I've, I've run 44 splits. I've run 45 splits multiple times. If I trained, I'm, I, I'm put like this. So Reem Richards, he runs for Trinidad and Tobago. We trained for together. He is a 19 8 200 meter runner and he decided he was gonna focus more on the 400 this year.


He was in that finals. Yes. He got fourth, right? Maybe he got fourth. Yeah, he got fourth with 43 7. New national record. I believe it's in the all time. Top 10 all time fastest times. Fourth. You got fourth. My PR is 19. Three in the 200 and I have some pretty good strength on me as well. I truly would like to take a shot at the world record if I decide to move to the 400 truly and give it my a hundred percent for multiple years. Yeah. I'm going after the world record. If I'm, if I'm going hold On the world, the world record in the two or the world record in the four, In the four, two in the two as well.


No. Do you understand? Do you understand those times? 43. Oh three In 1919, I'm gonna tell you this, my brain understands it. My body don't know the difference. Ooh, wow. I like that. I like that. Like that. My body don't Make the difference. My why would my body think that's a hard song? My body don't know that. That's hard. Right? If I keep telling it to get faster and faster, it is gonna try and adapt. Mm. It was gonna keep moving towards that time. Can I, can I ask, can I ask you this, Noah, hit me. Let's just say for the sake of Arbit, 28 is gonna be here before you know it. So that's four years away. And I know your pride and I know your baby.


You got the goal in the hundred meters, but you're really known as a 200 meter guy. Yeah. If you don't win the gold medal at the Olympics in the 200 meters, what is Noah Lyes gonna tell himself? I'm gonna tell myself I'm still Noah Lyes. I'm still the man I was when I showed up and after I left. Of course I want the gold and I'm gonna make sure that I try my a hundred percent to get it done. But I will tell you that just because I don't have a goal that doesn't make me less of a person, that doesn't make me less of a human being. That just means that I wasn't able to get the task that I set myself up for. But I will be so disappointed in myself if I didn't give it my a hundred percent.


The worlds will be here if I'm not mistaken. The worlds are in Tokyo. They're, that's gonna, that's gonna gonna be, that's gonna be here before you know it Going September. What? Yep. They're in September Going And I'm already pre-qualified. 'cause I'm the world championship in both. So I automatically get the buy. Wow. So what are you you looking to, to defend your crown in the hundred and the 200? Of course I want, the way I'm gonna see these next three years is I want to perfect how to handle the double. When I was going through the last cycle, Olympic cycle, I was trying to perfect how to make my 200 so good that I can run the a hundred.


Now I've been able to to, to have both of them. Now I wanna say I want to be prepared to run my fasts each and every round. I want to know that I wanna know the hundred, like the back of my hand. I wanna know the 200, like both of my hands. Yeah. I want to make sure that I am fully prepared, creating blueprints, going down each year saying, Hey, when we get to the Olympics, when we get to la, we are gonna be so prepared that no matter what is thrown at us, we'll be ready for it. When you think about that, having to be able to go round by round, whether it be the a hundred or 200, then you have competition, understanding everybody's strengths and weaknesses, then you have to push your body to a point to where you can go round by round where you don't have to exert that much energy and you're that much better than everybody else.


Do you, I mean when you, when I sit here and think about it, do you understand how difficult a task that is to push your body to a point to where it's able to do that round by round and still win and run fast, but also come out on top and win the one and the two? Of course, of course. It's difficult. Mm. Of course everybody wants it. If it was easy, everybody would do. Yeah, come on now. I'm not here to do the easy, I'm not here to do the mundane. That's not what excites me. I wanna do the things that nobody's done. The things that are hard, the things that challenge my body. The reason I like to get up and practice every day is because I like to see what my body can truly do. What is what if I push it and do everything right to the fullest, what can happen?


I wanna see that every time. No. Can you provide some context? There's this Time magazine story that came out that revealed that while you were negotiating your contract with Adidas, they offered you an invite to a shoe release for Anthony Edwards, and I think everybody's read the quote quote, can you provide context? Yeah. But what transpired? I mean we, look, we don't need to get into negotiations, but what transpired is what's being reported. How accurate is that? So what, what was going on at the time? I was in negotiations for over a year with Adidas to get to, to get the contract. Them offering me, you know, to, to go to ants for shoe release.


What had nothing to do with the contract. Okay. They just thought it would be cool that I would show up as one of their Adidas athletes. Yes. Agree. Unfortunately, I agree. They asked for it very late. They asked for it at probably about two weeks in advance and I was already scheduled to walk in a Hugo Ball show in Milan, which was a day and a half before his shoe release. Okay. So at first we were trying to figure out ways that we can get there and it was like, yeah, this, this, this isn't gonna, this isn't gonna work. There's no way that I'd be able to walk and then get on a flight and, and have energy enough to be able to go to this event. 'cause it wasn't just a shoe release. They were also going to, you know, have us go to a little baby concert And. we were gonna be just signing autographs.


It was gonna be a lot, it was gonna be a lot. And I was already drained from, you know, flying over, already doing the fashion shows, doing the walks, you know, going to other events. You know, I was already drowned like this. There's no way that I'd be able to physically do this. Well, I I, no, I, I agree with you flying overseas as any someone that's flown overseas and then come back, you kind of jet lagged. But you probably should have left it as that. It's that the other stuff where you get into trouble where people is picking apart what you said is because like, hold on, I'm the world champ and he's getting this, and you have the wherewithal, the forward thinking to see that he's gonna be special and why can't you guys see that with me Now, I will say being very vulnerable in this moment, I felt very unheard at that moment with Adidas.


Okay. I felt very unheard And. we, and, and, and to give an example, people do a lot of things. They, what, what do you, you do when you feel unheard? You try to shout louder. Yes. And I felt that I've had many conversations trying to shout and it hadn't gotten through. Right. And unfortunately that was one of my moments where I felt I had to shout to even get them to look my way. Okay. In that time article, because they asked me if I wanted to take it out and I decided I was not going to because I had to stand on my decision at that moment. Okay. I felt that I had to shout to get even a conversation about what I wanted to happen or what was going on at that point to be, to, to move forward.


Yeah. Could it be handled, handled better? Probably. Okay. Was there more ways to do it? Probably. But in that moment I felt that I had taken so many steps in other ways that I had to shout at this moment. Okay. Lemme let me ask this one follow up ahead. Do you regret your decision not to have that removed from the article? I don't believe so at the moment. This, this conversation could be had in a year and I could have a different answer. At this moment I do not feel so, because I still feel if I did not shout at that moment, I would not have had the preamble to Oh, he is serious.


And when I said it at the Olympics, they knew it was still on my heart. Go ahead Joe. No, I was, I was good. I was good because you, you, you hit you you hit on what I was, what I was gonna piggyback and ask as well. That the, another question, Noah, in track and field, there have only been two men that's ever had a shoot. Michael Johnson and Usain Bolt two, Michael Johnson had the world record in the hundred and the 200 and he don't know anything but gold medals. I think he's a four time world champ in the 402 time world champ in the 200. He's a two time champ in the 400 and he's a onetime champ in the 200. And you, you say, I just say you same boat.


I don't need to say anything else. Yeah. What makes, why do you believe that you deserve to be in that category with those guys looking at their accomplishments? Not to say you're not done yet, but looking at their accomplishment accomplishments, looking at yours. Why did Noah Lou believe he deserves a shoot? The reason I believe it is twofold. One, we look at Michael Johnson. Michael Johnson is, he is a, he's a track guy through and through. That's all he, he's track and he loves track and that's what he decided his lane was gonna be. I don't feel that in his time period, we had the, the social media, we had the marketing, the self-marketing True.


To be able to push it forward. Of course he had Nike and Nike was doing very well, but they, they wanted to keep it, you know, I i I don't think that they, they really wanted to keep pushing it. And I don't know if Michael Johnson wanted to do the work or not to market it as well as, no, I don't know how much they, they had in their contract to keep that shoe alive. That's where I'm gonna leave it with that. The time period wasn't right. Okay. With Usain Bolt, the CEO that actually gave Bolt his shoe is now what Adidas and I've, I've had conversations and I, I think Usain was very excited in the moment and then he got excited about something else when it was time to do, you know, the, the underground work, right?


The marketing, the commercials and stuff like that. And that scared a lot of companies I think in that moment. Also, Usain is Jamaican. The marketing in the US is different. True. I feel one of our in the US is, is a, it turns out when it comes to marketing, entertainment and marketing is the US is bread and butter. We know how to do that. Like we, that's just our thing. So now that I'm an American in a time period where self-marketing is very popular and it is very, you know, very prevalent. It, it, it, it's, it's strong. You know, everybody wants to do it. Everybody's looking at it.


They want the brand, they want the identity. You know, a a person's identity is more marketable sometimes than a brand at times. And, and now we see them as brands. I know that I can do the work, I know that I can get the medals, but at the end of the day, I think that it comes down to guys, you now have the title of the world's Fastest Man. What do you do with that title? You tell them, don't you want to have the shoes of the fat world's fastest? Man? Don't you want to put those shoes on your feet? I'm wearing the same shoes as the world's fastest man. It's gonna make me so fasts. Same but the shoes. But the shoes that the world fastest man wears, track spikes.


No, he only wears track spikes on the track, but he trains in tennis shoes. Hey, When you see him out, he's in tennis shoes. And when people go out and run marathons, they wear tennis shoes. And when you're in the gym, you wear tennis shoes. Tennis shoes. Guess what you wearing? Tennis shoes. Everybody wears tennis shoes. And the only reason that you don't see more marketing for tennis shoes and individual runners, it's 'cause they just haven't done it. But why are we saying just because it hasn't been done means it can't be done. Yeah. I mean, if, if, if it was, it was, if it was gonna happen, the timing is now. The timing is now. Especially while, while the stove is hot as I'll call it right now, the stove is hot, you are the stove and while it's hot, you, you take advantage of that.


And there's, there's always a market for everything. No matter what it is. Everything is marketable, especially when it has the right push and people behind it. So there's really no excuse on their end. And this is why we need certain individuals in positions of power to make these things and transitions a little bit easier. And it shouldn't have to be a fight. We have to yell and scream all the goddamn time to get shit done. Well you no, you gonna have to, you gonna have to start posting a little bit more on ig you saying has 14 million IG followers, you got 1.5, give us your IG handle. You own IG and Twitter? No. Joe 18 outlaws Noah on Twitter and no Joe 18 on TikTok.


You know, I mean, you, you saying as has had his career, I'm still in the middle of my career. We Oh yeah. Let's, Let's, let's get The man still possibly moving. Go out and follow Noah Lyes at the, at the at that he just gave you. It's been a pleasure. Three time world champion the 200 meters. One time champion the a hundred meters at the world's Olympic gold medalist. Anchored the world, the worlds championship team last year. Go ahead Ocho I just wanna know before you go, how nervous would you be if you had to race me? I'm, I'm just curious. I'm just, just thinking about it. Race you, I'm gonna be pretty nervous for you. I don't want you to catch a cramp. Oh no. Oh, oh. I, before we get out here, I, I'm, this Was hypothetical.


I was just curious how, I wanted to know how nervous you would be, but you think I would catch the cramp, but I, I drink, I drink pickle juice. I'll be fine. Ocho I forgot. I forgot this Ocho, we forgot it. What happened? Tyre Tyreek say he wants so of you Noah. I, I can't believe you know who Tyreek is. Don't do that. Noah. You know, whore is the Cheah. I'm gonna be honest. I forget his name all the time. I cheah. I'm gonna be honest. If it's not about track and it ain't about League of Legends, my, there we go. Yeah, I got Who saying come Get some. He said come get Some. I'm, I'm put it like this. Tyreek is just chasing cloud. The man, anytime somebody fast comes up, he says he wants to race him. If he really wanted to race people, he would've showed up.


Like DK Meka and the man raced in the 60 meters this year in the masters division. The man Dodgers smoke. I don't got time for that. Hey Norfolk. Hey Rick. He calling you Out. Hey, you know what? Let's get a couple of spa, let's see if we can get some sponsors. Would you be willing to race r in a 60 or a hundred if we got some sponsors to put some money up? You gotta do 60 a hundred. We can race if he, if he's serious about it. If he is truly serious about it. I'm not talking about you just talking on the internet and you ain't actually coming to me and talking to my agent and saying let's set something up. You are seriously about it. You'll see me on the track. Ooh.


Alright, there he is, ladies and gentlemen. The current fastest man in the world. World. Noah, low. Noah, thank you for giving us some of your time. No, I appreciate you Tate, the DM v thanks For the opportunity guys. Ute. Alright. Most definitely. We'll see you down the road. Good luck. Hey, you got any meets coming up? Are you done for this year? You shutting it down or you got I'm Done for this year, man. I'm shutting it down. Okay. All alright. Best of luck bro. And congratulations on the a hundred meter goal. Thank you. LeBron's in the 200 meter. Get healthy and we'll see you next year in the world. Good luck, bro. Yes, You will. Thank you Ma. Noah allows Ladies and gentlemen, that was, that was, that was awesome. It was great to have Noah on and to, to get an opportunity to pick his brain and talk to him about the, the what he's, what he's thinking going into the a hundred meters, the Covid diagnosis and being able to try to still go out there to compete for goal.


He ends up getting bronze. Nothing to hang his head about with that, but tremendous effort. Great conversation. Ocho very, very forthcoming. It didn't dodge anything. Every question that we set forth, straight, straight, straight, straightforward. He answered it. And that's straightforward. That's all. That's all we can ask. That's all we can ask the Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Miles smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon. You could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar May thick cut bacon now and enjoy


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the south's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox tiva because Clorox tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox cent's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


You know that vibe when you're rolling in your all new Camry and you and wifey aren't seeing eye to eye. Woo. That's icy. Well, here's what you do. Here's the available 12.3 inch multimedia touchscreen to pull up you all's favorite crooner. Woo. The minute she hears that high note floating from the available JBL premium audio, Oh baby, You'll know you just went from icy to thawed out. The vibe just shifted for the better with the all new Camry Toyota, let's go places.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.