Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle (0s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

The Football Today podcast (30s):
What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.

Athletes' First Family Podcast (1m 1s):
$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts, the untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

Energy Line with Nate and JSB (1m 34s):
What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Yeah, Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB starting on February 4th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

3 (2m 8s):
The Volume

DraftKings (2m 11s):
This ain, the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bes instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sports book The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

Boost Mobile (3m 37s):
Wolf Mobil is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.

ButterSkin (4m 18s):
Alright fellas, let's get real for a second. Your skin is the first thing people notice. So why are you still treating it like an afterthought using bar soap and an old rag? Come on now it is time to upgrade. Your face deserves better in butter Skin's. MVP Men's Skincare is here to make it easy. This is your all pro lineup for clean, hydrated and glowing skin. It's simple, quick, and just two steps, no excuses. Step one, start with the gentle skin cleanser and silky soft face tile. The cleanser clears away dirt, oil debris without drying you out while the towels make sure you're starting fresh every time. Toss them out after each use. No more old funky rags on your face. Step two, finish with your choice of moisturizer. The oil-free gel cream for lightweight hydration. Perfect if your skin gets oily. The cocoa shade cream for normal to dry skin that needs a little extra love. Or the facial shea butter for deep hydration and that buttery smooth glow. Here's the kicker. This set is made specifically for melanin rich skin and it's unisex So you can share with your girl instead of dipping into her stash all the time. Fellas, watch out. Once she sees how good these products are, she might start dipping into your butter. Right now you can grab the MVP Men's Skincare set for just $50. That's premium skincare at a price that makes sense. So what are you waiting for? Lick the link in the description or scan the QR code to grab your set today. Leave the old Rag in 2024 and step into the new year with Clean Confident Skin Butters. Got you covered.

5 (6m 5s):
Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their nationwide 5G Network. Boy, do we have a show for you tonight? Maybe one of the biggest trade, if not the biggest trade in NBA history went down last night. There's also a trade Dein Fox is headed to the San Antonio Spurs. Zach Levine is headed to the Sacramento Kings, but we'll get to that in just a moment. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the nightcap podcast feed. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up that guy.

5 (6m 45s):
The Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, thank you for joining us. Thank you for waiting for us. You've been so supportive. 2324. Hopefully you'll be as supportive if not more supportive than in 25 and beyond. Go follow my media company on all of it platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out, we just restocked everything. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've dropped new beanies in every color and we've introduced gift cards available from 25 to $50. It takes the guesswork out of letting someone you love pick something they want.

5 (7m 27s):
Exactly. You don't get to pick it. They get the picket. Just hand the gift cards. We'll do the Shaa by La Poitier as we close. But Chiefs and Eagle fans, any fans. If you're in New Orleans for the Super Bowl, check out our Super Bowl live show. Our VIP meet and greet is officially sold out but there's still plenty of tickets left for the Super Bowl Big show. It's February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater already lined up. We got Coach Prime, we got Master P, we got juvie, we got Flavor Flav and we got Deebo. James Harrison All Star locked in loaded. They'll be ready to stop by and sit down and chop it up with OCHO and I.

5 (8m 9s):
Hold on. And

8 (8m 10s):
We got Devo coming like James

5 (8m 12s):
Rson. Yeah.

8 (8m 14s):
Yep. I hope, I hope he got securities.

5 (8m 17s):
Yep. He coming and we got other guy list. We getting those all lined up for you. Some NFL players past and present. We'll stop by and chop it up with OCHO and I both. Nightap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightap was nominated outstanding podcast, art Sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated outstanding podcast Society and Culture and I was nominated for Entertainer of the Year. Please go vote for your favorite guys, UNC and OCHO and me personally. The link is pending to our social bios. Without any further ado, we're now joined by three times sixth man of the year. On a April 9th, 2019, he became the oldest player in NBA history to score 50 points in the game.

5 (9m 3s):
And he's also the first and only player thus far to score at least 50 points for four different franchises. And he's the newest analyst gonna be calling game for NBC next season. The one, the only Jamal Crawford. Jamal, how you doing bro?

9 (9m 20s):
I'm good. Thanks for having me bro. Alright.

5 (9m 27s):
The the, the trade that happened last night, Luca, a superstar beyond superstar, a global superstar in his absolute, he's not even hit his prime yet. Jamal, he's 25 years of age, he's a five time first team all NBA player and they trade him for Anthony Davis and a first round pick and I think 2029 and Max Christie. And in return the Lakers get Luca, they gets Max Cleaver and they get Mark Keith Morris who was al he was on the 2020 Laker team that won the championship. So Lakers received Luca Maxi Kleber, marquee Morris, the Mavs get Anthony Davis, Max Christie and a 2029 first round pick.

5 (10m 10s):
Also the jazz received Jalen Hu Aino a 2025 second round pick a 2025 second round pick Bill the Clippers. Jamal, when you heard this trade, I thought it was bull jive. I thought somebody had got hacked. 'cause ain't no way the mouths of trade Luca, but lo and behold it is absolutely true. Luca Doni is on the move. Anthony Davis is going to the Maverick. What is your assessment of the trade? Why do you think this trade happened?

9 (10m 37s):
I'm chill. I thought it was, I thought it was me and Ja at first too. I thought ain't no way Luke was being traded. Like you said, all in black and wave he s time that and if YA young NBA star, I'm not comfortable anywhere because if Lu can be traded at this stage of his career where he's at, where he was going, anybody can be traded. But I said, your Shaq's podcast, I said if I'm awake, I'm looking at Trait every day. If people thought I was crazy, I said LeBron is still your best player right now. You gotta have better pieces to compliment him. Yes, they want in the bubble. Yes. The LeBron is still looking like he's LeBron. So with that being serious, I gotta get peace. I didn't know Luke was on the table when they had boom me, but they, they came la I gotta take that beer.

9 (11m 18s):
I have to because now you're coming for the now end of the future as LeBron says, you know what, I'm gonna wear it down. I'm, I'm gonna hang it up whenever that is. 1, 2, 3, 4, gonna leave it. You have a bonfire superstar who has now who other people wanna play it backs off. So we know is gonna bring the Hollywood like to go Hollywood, Dan Hollywood on the other side of Dallas. It's a perfect compliment to Calgary. Obviously it gonna makes you more moving. They didn't trust the fact that they gonna have to be in loop. Almost $400 million. Whatever's going on behind see is really loud right now because now we're looking like, you know what, how you trade do like this or how did you accept that? We don't know about Mm.

8 (11m 56s):
You know, you know, I I I also, I mean I'm, I'm curious, I'm thinking, I'm thinking ahead a little bit. I'm thinking ahead a little bit. Obviously it had to be something internally for them to trade such a great prayer like that. Like, like both of you just said, it is not even in this prime. So I'm, I'm looking forward to obviously the future because Kyrie can opt out in the summer and what are the chances of Kyrie actually joining LeBron again, I'm assuming LeBron comes back next year as well and you have Luca, Kyrie and LeBron.

9 (12m 24s):
So for me, I, I think I obviously that could have been an election, but Connie Dolly have some type of faith like you know what, I could have easily been moved. Like you said, my contract's up next year, they chose to stick with me. And if you look at how Jason p speaks about Kai, he's always speaking loyally. He does everything you want. You pair with a that be a kai, another win Kai is back to being a play guard. He's still in this bond. He's still doing another, he still makes it look easy. You got a, you got a bunch of money possibly with other moves be made. If I'm okay, I'm like, you know what? They stuck with me and also they didn't believe when nobody else wanted me to be for multiple years on the contract. Well, So you don't forget that type of stuff. Okay,

8 (12m 59s):
Okay.

5 (13m 0s):
Yeah. I'm looking at it and I've said this, everybody knows this is not right now. I called, I gave Luca the name Baby bird because I thought he was that special. He was the closest white player I had ever seen to Larry Bird. Everybody knew Larry Bird was my favorite, but I always questioned. I said he looked like he's outta shape. I said he looks like he's unconditioned. He looked like he doesn't take his training and his condition seriously, his training seriously. And he has some habits that, you know, if you look at Rick Carlisle, you got Luca. Guys don't normally say, nah, I'm good and leave a superstar player that's only 22 years of age. Jamal. That's right. So there was something, there was some things that was going on that wasn't being talked about.

5 (13m 42s):
But if you know the game and you see you like something ain't adding up. And then plus Luca is scheduled. He was the first player that was gonna be able to get the supermax five years, 345 million. So basically $69 million a year. Jamal, if a guy's unconditioned, he doesn't take his training serious. He doesn't take conditioning serious and there's some other things going around. If I give him 69 million Jamal and he might have some power that we need to rustle away from him. And if you hear, listen to Nico says, he says something about culture. When I hear that, Jamal, I don't know about you but my ears perk up.

9 (14m 24s):
The culture means there's something behind the scenes that he's not happy with And, and like we all know, but the one question in all the sports, in in in life period. You an enter bitch are you bailing problem anding this problem? So that's why I'm shocked this happen. Even with all that going on, he's too, too, he can learn to mature and you can learn to see re whoever the professionals are. JP the best point guards ever. So that's the shocking genre call of it is that he's about 28, 29 and you know me, me still not even in spa. And so I, and that's why this is such a shock guys like that they don't be, hey you gonna this stuff until he figures it out. He, because he good fact he's 22 all bitch, he obviously figure out

5 (15m 9s):
He's 25, Jamal 25,

9 (15m 11s):
I'm sorry but fact he's 25 5, he owe some 25 and under list he's still yes looking that too. So that's story. You know it.

5 (15m 18s):
But here's the thing. Jamal and I tell Ocho this all the time when we talk about it. They'll tolerate you until they can replace you once they got a deal that says, you know what, we can win right now. I like Kyrie and ad in the pick and roll ad has never really had a guy this, this dynamic in the pick and roll Rondo. And you remember when he had Rondo in New Orleans, the numbers that ad put up with Kyrie is a very similar point guard, point guard in the pick and roll. But for them to trade a 25-year-old, that's five times first team all NBA. It tells me everything I need to know. I don't need to hear nothing else. They can say this or they can say that, but you know, it had to be bad Jamal. 'cause everything that you said is absolutely true because you say, you know what, his production is better than his problems, but they say no, hell it ain't his problems supersede his production.

8 (16m 9s):
I have a question. You know, both of you could probably answer it better than I can. Obviously I I don't really understand how or the, the intricacy on why he's not eligible for the five year 3 45 supermax. Now just

9 (16m 22s):
Simply he

5 (16m 22s):
Got traded so

8 (16m 23s):
Simply because he got traded, it's in the contract letting you know once you get traded somewhere else, you're no longer eligible for that. Regardless,

5 (16m 30s):
You can only get a four year deal because he would, he was almost like a bird, almost a bird situation. That was the team that drafted him. He had been this many times the first team, all the NBA player. So therefore a la Jason Tatum, a la jb. So guys that have been there for a particular, what is it? What is it like five? Like five what? Five, six years Jamal.

9 (16m 50s):
Yeah.

5 (16m 51s):
And then you a first team all B you have to be a first team. You have to be one of the all NBA selections,

9 (16m 56s):
Right? Like the last year two and one into

5 (16m 59s):
Yes. So he's done that. So he was eligible five years, 3 45. So think about that. He would've been eligible to get another contract that was probably gonna be north of 400 million at the age of 30.

9 (17m 12s):
Oh, I think you answered it right there. You, I think that was an aha moment. I think that's gonna be it. I think they were more skilled if they gave him that money and they, they couldn't do nothing with him at that point. He, he runs the organization totally versus right now like, you know what, let's kinda loss if we see where this is going and, and I think that might be part of it.

5 (17m 30s):
And they've, because here's the thing, Jamal, they believe that a lot of these injuries, these knickknack injuries is because of this condition. It's because of in training is because of his diet is because of a lot of things behind the scenes. We say this with Joy mbi, we say this with Zion Williamson. Not to say injuries don't happen, but I believe the Mavericks believed a lot of these injuries are self-induced. You're not taking care of your body, it's being reported at one point he weigh 2 70, 2 65, whatever the case may be. But Jamal, you know this, you played this game damn near two, you played it two decades. When somebody moves a playing like this, we've never seen it. We've never seen it. That'd been like they moving Magic Johnson in his prime.

5 (18m 13s):
Them moving Larry Bird, Michael Jordan in their prime moving

9 (18m 17s):
LeBron.

5 (18m 17s):
25 year olds

9 (18m 20s):
Don't

5 (18m 20s):
Get moved unless the behavior is so egregious. They say we just can't control it.

9 (18m 26s):
You see? Go ahead. Okay

8 (18m 28s):
Ma yo your your eyes and your ears are still, even if you're not playing, your eyes and ears are still with the NBA. Do you know, have you heard anything for sure what the issue might be? Where this, where it, where it came to a head where they just had to get rid of them?

9 (18m 43s):
I mean let's just, let's just take a step back and think about what they want to the final right? Lucas having a celebration like, holy girl, I got so quick. So you can't speculate that they had stuff behind the scenes that was just like, you know what, he's not changing what, what we want him to be and if we've been this contract, it may be worse at this point. So sometimes the best way to see a person is not, look, look, you look, they gonna be on their best behavior. So sometimes you guys say, lemme just see how we move with that. Lemme see if you got a check now this with anybody, right? Lemme see if they are, be diligent with the professionalism when Nico you watching that just as much as you watching the talent, man. But going back to having this happen so fast, he's going back and figure real bit Nico Harrison was Kobe Mac when Rob was coated.

9 (19m 25s):
So, you know, they have a friendship and relationship all type of conversations they had. So that's why I'm like, can move bad

5 (19m 32s):
And not get out

9 (19m 33s):
And not get out. But

5 (19m 35s):
But here's the thing, this is what we know young athletes that hurt become old athletes to get hurt. And the worst thing you can have is an old guy that's got you owe him 200 million. You owe 300 million. Because I just read a thing the other day when it said Joel and Bead has made 125 million for the games that he's missed. You want that on Luca? You want that? You want Luca's salary, 345 million and here he is. And they believe that those injuries, a lot of those have been exacerbated by his condition. So, and you remember he was nursing the knee injury last he, and in in the game in the championship game, I mean, excuse me, in the NBA finals and leading up to the finals. He like, well how long can he go on that?

5 (20m 16s):
Look? So now you hear culture, you hear, you see a guy that has no interest in playing any level of defense. Not at all. Oh listen,

8 (20m 27s):
Some some got, some got to give away. You know, everybody's gonna have flaws when you think about NBA players. Hell, even NFL players, everybody has their strengths. His strengths and his identity is on the offensive side of the ball. So you know what you don't get from the defensive side of the end, but he's so great at what he does. He hell, you, you, you got, you got, you gotta take that.

DraftKings (20m 48s):
This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sportsbook the number one place the bet touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort, Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk eng.co/audio,

Chime (21m 57s):
we All have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress. E free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC, SpotMe Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out of network ATMs.

Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle (23m 18s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it you're just like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

The Football Today podcast (24m 16s):
What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, Ken Saquon, Barkley even break the rushing record. Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything, we break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.

12 (25m 13s):
So

5 (25m 13s):
How do you like this? Relate You watch away from post with anybody. How do you like to fit? How do you like it now Eddie? I just don't, here's the thing. LeBron is at the age he can't play consistent defense. Luca doesn't play any defense. You traded your two blessed defenders, your wing defenders, max Christie on ball and ad. Your help defender on ball can defend one through five is tremendous in the picker role. He's great at Weakside help. Look, you got guys that can score, but who can they stop? I mean I look, I understand the I under this is what the Lakers and I, and I've studied the Lakers and I know the Lakers. This is what the Lakers do. They got will because they love superstars and LA you gotta have them, you gotta have 'em, you cannot get 'em, you cannot survive as the Lakers without superstars Uhuh.

5 (25m 60s):
So they go get, they go get Wil and then they follow that over with Kareem and they go get Shaq and they go get LeBron. And now they go get and they go get Luca. You gotta have that. If you gonna be la if you gonna be the Lakers, you look at the Dodgers, that's what they do. You see show hate, you see Mookie, that's what they do in order for you to survive out here. That's why they wouldn't traded for Matthew Stafford, don't you? You gotta have a star. You gotta have stars. Aaron, Donald, you gotta have stars to survive out here if you wanna win because there's too much going on in la. We got beaches, we got Sam on, we got rooftops, you got, you got so much going on, right? And if you don't win, they not coming to see you.

5 (26m 42s):
But I'm telling you, I don't care. See that's the notion that people make Jamal, and you know this, a lot of times people say, well as long as I'm doing my job, you shouldn't care about No, no, no, no, no. It doesn't work like that. No, I care because see your job is a, being a professional, that's your job. How you conduct yourself while you doing your job. That's called being a pro. And say we don't like the pro, we love the professional because he's given us 29, 32, 34, 9, 9. We know what he can do. But that pro eventually will catch up with us. His behavior and the way he does things. They say, nah, we've got to nip this in the bug.

5 (27m 24s):
We got to break his plate at 25 because he's gonna become UNC bro. We let him get two years into 60 and $70 million contract. Hey, that joke about come and he might come into the game drinking a bit. He might come to the and and smoke it on hookah because we know Luca love hookah out. Jamal, he love hookah

9 (27m 43s):
Hook hook.

5 (27m 46s):
It, it, it, it. And, and when you sit back and look at it, Rick Carlisle left. He refused the contract extension he had Luca at 2223. Yeah. What you know would walk away from LeBron walk away from a hi a magic Johnson Larry Bird. That's what Lucas a comparison is. I'm not saying he's not won a championship, right? He ain't won an MVP but that's what he is in today's terms. Ain't no coach walking away from that. Coaches might get fired, but coaches because they know how hard it is to get one of those guys, right? Those guys, you don't, those guys like Luca, they don't come out in the draft every year. A LeBron, a magic a bird, they don't come.

5 (28m 27s):
So if I get one, I will keep this joke as long as I can, as long as they don't have me, I'll stay.

9 (28m 33s):
And that's why this is so shocking. Like we have never ever seen this and, and it's so open-ended and it was so shocking. All we can do is speculate. We don't wish nothing bad on nobody, but we gotta figure it out, right? Like that's our job to figure it out and educate people on getting them a little bit of insight why this happened. Who knows if it's, you know, how that comes. His body will be by like all that stuff plays a part but it, what's gonna happen is where he's going and where Anthony Banks is going and how unquote changing we gonna see in the next year or two how things lined up and we'll have our answer in the future. Mm.

5 (29m 5s):
I also think, I think now he just lost $117 million or So. You get basically one year. Can you get that? It cost him a hundred and s it cost him 117 million. Now if that don't get your attention, it should have your undivided attention. That was now I don't know where y'all who, who makes $117 million a year. Maybe some CEOs, maybe a Christiano, Ronaldo, yeah, maybe em Bobby messy, maybe some of them, but it ain't a whole, ain't a whole lot of players making see 117 million in salary

9 (29m 37s):
California taxes. Yeah.

5 (29m 40s):
Now you got, just think about you could have been, you could've been in in in DA in Texas. No state income tax. Yeah. Yeah. It's 13 point half percent in California. I don't know if you notice anything. So 40 million, they gonna take 13.5%. That's 10. So they gonna take 4 million to North three. So they gonna take about 6 million from me right there. OCHO on 40.

8 (30m 2s):
Hey listen, let's say he missed out on one 17, right? Whatever. Whatever you missed out on what, let's say he gets his himself together. Yes himself together gets on the right track. Is it a possibility he can re recoup that money on the back end in the next deal?

5 (30m 19s):
It all depends. Hold on. He's a big enough superstar that he can have, he can have deals outside because he projects, that's one thing he projects globally, right? So yeah he can make that money but you can't make up what you miss. It's kind of like tying because yeah, let's just say for the sake of market Mocho, he signs this deal with the Lakers. So one 17 minus 1 43 45. Right? So he gets 2 28.

9 (30m 46s):
Yeah,

5 (30m 47s):
2 28. 2 28 good money. We just say same. Hey Jamal, you remember when Boogie Boogie missed out on what, 200 million? Yeah. By getting traded to by getting traded to the Pelicans. Yeah. And then he gets injured.

8 (31m 2s):
Yeah. Accused

5 (31m 3s):
Never saw a payday again. See that's the thing Ocho, you see we we're under the assumption and we hope we knock on wood that nothing happens. But when you continually overweight, you put stress on your body, your body ain't used to that. Right? Your body ain't used to being trying to go up and down that corner on a nightly basis, Jamal, you know? No, at least two nights a week. Sometimes three nights a week when you meant to be two 20. Yeah. All of a sudden you trying to play at two 60 something Gotta give Ocho. Yeah, something gotta give. Yeah.

9 (31m 32s):
Yeah. And that's why, okay,

5 (31m 34s):
You got a Ferrari and you keep hauling logs on top of it and you see what happened to it.

9 (31m 38s):
That's like, oh chocolate, he gonna play me drink coke. You can't play coke.

8 (31m 44s):
Hold on, you got do that. I would go, I would go on five for 180 on McDonald's and cheeseburgers and fries and a coke. So you know, having to deal with you at my age with the skillset, we never having any injuries. That's easy work

9 (31m 58s):
Man. You see you was doing it at 25, been five.

8 (32m 1s):
Listen AJ number but the number they, the man created that.

9 (32m 4s):
Oh I know I'm put me, I know AJ nothing but the number. I know that.

8 (32m 9s):
Whenever you're ready, I'm here. That's all I gotta say.

9 (32m 11s):
Say that pulled up ain't working on me.

5 (32m 15s):
Lemme ask, lemme, lemme ask you a question. Jamal, who do you think won the trade?

9 (32m 20s):
I think Dallas is won the immediate picture that as we current, I think the s on the future and the reason being is, and he let's help people and as you know, like we've seen sometimes on we stand and his fault and games over the last year, but he's now, like I said, he Lucia, that's a great transition from LeBron to Meka as a future super star whenever LeBron side he's had that because you gotta have that. So I think those sides ain't just so, so weird. The weirdness of with everything because I just, who would guess, would you imagine doing So train on there? No. Or good between jump and just as shocking.

9 (33m 2s):
That's why I said I tell you something else. I think there's gonna be one not at that level. I think it's gonna be a shocking trait to happen this next time period. I promise you I think something's tough

5 (33m 12s):
And if you look at what Minnesota gave up to get Rudy Gobert.

9 (33m 16s):
Yeah,

5 (33m 18s):
Dallas didn't want but one first round pick, right? I say gimme 27, give me 29 annual I want a pick swap in between. Yes. All of and and give me what you

9 (33m 26s):
Gave me, right? Yeah. Yes. That's all he gotta be because this dude is big generation. Luke is so good at shout ball. Look what put out. Danny won. Tell me that when playing of time he know he playing against you was playing to get your coach then Jack got that quality LeBron. Well, oh, you doing this? I got you on that. I want you do. Okay. I'm I'm expose him over there like he is one of those people the games he I always sudden plays like that hair on like he looks to song he saw it, he when be that is crazy. But they other, you gonna see

5 (33m 57s):
I can't wait to see it. Oh

9 (33m 58s):
Yeah.

5 (33m 59s):
Three times six mans of a year. The oldest man in NBA history to have a 50 point game, the only man in NBA history to have 50, at least 50 with four different franchises. The one, the only Jamal Crawford. Good luck next year in calling games on NBC Jamal. Congratulations. Job well done. Hey, really appreciate you stopping by to drop offer some insight into this big trade.

9 (34m 21s):
Appreciate y'all. Thank you. I even shout to Mark got help. We bro appreciate Y all. Yeah, thank you.

5 (34m 30s):
Now we're joined by former NBA rookie of the year All Star former Warriors head coach Mark Jackson. Mark, talk to us, bro. How you doing? Everybody's great, bro. We cannot, we cannot complain, huh?

9 (34m 47s):
Huh?

5 (34m 49s):
Hey, turn your camera on Mark. I didn't see how I do it. You tried to pull a shadow sharp audio. How do I do that? We see. There you go, coach. What's up coach? What's

9 (35m 8s):
Going on man? You good? What's up? What's up man?

5 (35m 10s):
You good? Y'all killing it, man. Happy, proud for y'all

9 (35m 13s):
Man. Appreciate,

5 (35m 14s):
Appreciate it. Mark. Mark, let's get into this trade, bro. It came outta nowhere. Normally trades like this, it had to be a special type of relationship because you had to see it on it because prior to it dropping, there was no win of ad getting traded. Nothing about Luca getting traded. And then boom, you're trading a 25-year-old, five times first team, all the NBA player that hasn't even reached his prime yet for Anthony Davis, a first round pick and Max Christie, talk to us about the trade. You coached this game, you played this game. Talk to us. How does a deal like this happen? But we don't know the truth of everything. That's first and foremost. This is an incredible deal that was pulled off by Dallas Mavericks and the Los Angeles Lakers, primarily Miko Harrison, Rob Lanka.

5 (36m 2s):
It is in my time of playing basketball, following basketball, coaching basketball. It is the most shocking trade. Cool off without anybody leaking it, not anybody knowing anything about it. And then with everybody that got wind of it, thought it was a fluke. We thought it was a fluke. I got phone, yes. 10 phone calls in I did too, in a minute span saying this can't be real. Can you, can you confirm it? I'm like, I don't know. I can't confirm it or not. It's, it's shocking. Like you said, a 25-year-old guy, five times. First team all NBA generational talent. One thing i I I would've done if I was Nico Harrison in Dallas Maverick, I'm not minimizing it to Los Angeles Lake and that one phone call I am opening up the biding of Luca Don letting everybody know everybody's well aware of what he brings to the table.

5 (36m 51s):
I i got assured. Now the best deal may be Anthony Davis and DLA got from the Lakers. I doubt it. And Nissan would've made sure the Lakers sent oak to their first round pick in. But, but at the end of the day, you can't underestimate, he got a, he got a, a elite first ballot hall of famer in Anthony Davis, who's only concern is staying healthy when he is on the floor. He is a dominant basketball player. And I believe it helps both teams. The Lakers do continue to add by adding a big, both teams have a legitimate chance of winning it all the Lakers because they have two guys that can control a basketball game at all times on the offensive end. Dallas Mavericks, because they have a legit big man that prefers from his own words to play the powerful position now as two young athletic energetic bigs to protect him.

5 (37m 38s):
And then you have a guy like Carrie Irvin, who's a special, special generational talent in his own right that can do some similar things as Luca and can carry them on the offense and creating offense for himself and his teammates. Heck of 1, 1, 1, my my, my former lead assistant, Pete Myers, who played for the Chicago Bulls, the brilliant basketball mindset, a hall of Fame general manager once said to him, do not make a trade and can cost you your job. And that's what Nico Harrison did. But I give him credit because so many guys willing to just cruise along. I can win 20 games, 30 games, I could go to the lottery time and time I could be bad and I got any excuse. He swung to the fence.

5 (38m 19s):
And the only gamble, I think he gave up a home run talent. But Anthony Davis has got in stay healthy and they, they, they'll be good for, you know, foreseeable future.

8 (38m 28s):
Hey coach, listen for someone who played the game for a long time, for someone who coached the game as well as a coach. And you think about it, I just want you to put your GM hat on for a quick minute. What can a player do to the magnitude and where it's that egregious to you trade somebody that young that's that spectacular and brings that much to a team, especially from an officer standpoint. You gotta talk to me. Just give, just gimme some, gimme some type of better context or context on what could a player do behind the scenes that could warrant such a trade for someone so good. That's

5 (39m 5s):
What makes it shocking to me. And I think that's a great question. And, and what I don't like is all of a sudden stuff come out that didn't come out all along. So let's, let's be fair to him. But at the end of the day, the things we know about, he can be a better conditioned athlete. He can be better committed on the defensive end. He can have a better con competitive fight and spirit defensively. Not every fifth possession, every 10th possession. I could show you 50 clips of Don more than capable of defending and having game plan discipline on the defensive end of the floor. I can show you 200 clips when he lays down, points the finger and blames somebody else. I would say to my ownership and my management that's interesting in trading for Luca trading Luca do, because of those reasons, I would tell him personally, that's on me.

5 (39m 51s):
He's been in this league six years. I gotta do a better job of bringing that out of him and holding them accountable, defending at a high level, competing at a high level, being a better leader. And that, that would be on me.

8 (40m 4s):
But, but what about, hold on,

5 (40m 5s):
Go

8 (40m 6s):
Ahead. Hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm confused. Now you you think about what Luca's able to do from the offensive standpoint, right? And one of the gripes, one of the issues that he may have is his lack of ability to play defense. But if he is a little bit better on defense coach, wouldn't that take away from his offensive production?

5 (40m 24s):
That sounds like a receiver that didn't wanna block when it wasn't his coach, when it wasn't his catch. Talk about Jack, don't talk about Jack, it's because you're not going, because you're not going to you on this plate other gonna give you a license to chill. You still have the responsibility and my job as a coach is to hold you accountable to that because it's not about you, it's about us and other guys are watching. If I allow you to do that and because they're rolling one day, I allow 'em to do that. I'm not saying I'm holding you to the same standard. I like that in the ideal world, we all have kids and that's not how it works. But I'm gonna hold you to a standard, but I will not accept in, in, in, in, in, in losing. I'm not gonna, but I will not accept and winning. I I'm not gonna accept lose. I gotta say to you, I gotta say, oh, you you heard that before?

5 (41m 7s):
Yeah, I heard it. Where have you heard that said heard, I heard I heard it because guys are watching. I can't, I can't now yell at you because no, I've been doing this for 2020. I've been doing this for five years now. You got a problem with it. See, you never accept any a you never accept anything in the win. You wouldn't at a loss. And, but here's the thing, okay, Jack, you said it is your job to hold him accountable for a little bit more for the defensive end. Are you holding yourself accountable for his, his uncondition, his training, his eating? Absolutely. Guess what? I gotta, I gotta go see him in the all season. I gotta take a flight and go spend some time with him. I gotta send one of my assistants on my player development coaches go spend some time with him.

5 (41m 48s):
I gotta go, I gotta send a chef with him. I'm gonna put you in position to be successful. I don't want you to just chase down being a five time old NBA team player or generational talent. I want you to have the jewelry at the end of the day, I want you to be in that special room with those special guys that you deserve to be in. Just being able to just all everybody else you should, he should be, he's good enough and great enough to be in a room by with, with just a handful of God. He's that special of the talent. And I I'm, I'm cheating him. If I fall short of holding him accountable and putting him in position, take away those, those critics. But Jack, right, Jack, you can't I tell my kids this. I can't want something from you more than you wanted for yourself and you got kids and you know, they've gotta want it for themselves as much as you want it for them.

5 (42m 35s):
If Luca doesn't want what you want for him is not gonna work. It just won't. It just won't. That's true. But he is so special and so great. You can't convince me he don't want it. You just can't. He, he's so special and so great. You average a 40 point triple double in, in, in, in, in, in the playoffs. You are the best player on in the Eastern conference. I mean the Western Conference finals. You're the best player in the fi. He, he is a special, special talent. I'm not asking him to, I'm gonna tell him I'm gonna push the right button. I'm not asking you something that I believe you can't do. I'm not asking you to protect the rim and, and, and, and block shots. I'm not asking you to be a lock locked down defendant. I'm not asking you to be 200 pounds. Just let's meet somewhere in the middle where, where now it's acceptable.

5 (43m 19s):
I'm not asking you, I just don't want you to point the finger to a guy wide open in the, in the corner and you just stand there and you know that's your man and that's your responsibility. Everybody in the arena knows that's your fault. That shit burned, that shit upset you. I'm not saying it hasn't happened to me in 17 years of playing professional basketball and in all these years of playing basketball, I got exposed at times on the defense bat, but I got upset about him and I reacted to it and responded to it and held myself accountable.

8 (43m 44s):
And listen, Cole, I one more, one more question. One more question. I, I'm, I'm thinking about the mental part of it, right? The, the mental part as far as Luga is concerned, how is he going to react? How is he going to, is the trait, this is a wake up call? Is, is he going fold Now two things can happen. Most of the time you think your player, you're sitting on top of the world, you feel, you feel like you're invincible, you know you're making good money. You're one of the best players in the NBA and all of a sudden you get that call, oh yeah, you've been trading to the Los Angeles Lakers. Now what Luca are we gonna get from this point going forward? Are we getting a pissed off Luca or we getting a Luca that's gonna fall under the pressure?

5 (44m 20s):
We don't know that Luca, that you're talking about fold under pressure. All he is done in six years is be great. Be a generational talent. He's been special.

8 (44m 29s):
What what just happened

5 (44m 30s):
Coach? He got traded.

8 (44m 31s):
Exactly. Now getting traded can do something to your mental, now

5 (44m 35s):
It can do something to your mental.

8 (44m 36s):
I'm talking about the different kind of pressure. Pressure playing and being comfortable in Dallas knowing you. That guy is

5 (44m 41s):
Different. I agree with you with certain dudes, but this, I don't care where you put Tom Brady. He's Tom Brady in New England. He's Tom Brady in Tampa Bay. Luca, Don, we're not gonna cheat his talent and his and his level of greatness. He's a special talent. I believe that it'll elevate him conditionally wise and and right and, and and the fight, you know, to fight defensively because he's got a guy in, in the locker room that, that's a hero of him that he looks up to. Now, LeBron James certainly has his flaws and times, but one thing he does is take Kevin body and he's an all time great, he's a special talent. And if you just hang around, you've got testimonies from teammates, coaches, he's gonna make you better. And Luca dcis will be a better conditioned athlete and a better defender competitively speaking because of, because of being around LeBron James.

5 (45m 29s):
That's one thing LeBron James will bring to the table with without a doubt. But you know what Jack, I had a guy to tell me one time. He said they'll tolerate you until they can replace you profession. Luca, as a professional basketball player, it seems to me Nico Col, Nico Harrison had a problem with him being a pro, which was how he conducted himself in being a professional basketball player. You don't, it had to get to a point, mark, mark, you know this having played Mark, you played seven, what 17 years You played 17 years you coached in this league in order for you to trade a generational talent because we've never seen it happen before.

5 (46m 13s):
At 25, the behavior behind the scenes, it had to be es there's no other way around it, Jack. There's no other way that 25-year-old generational talent we've never seen him before unless he asked to be traded. That's a different ball game. This guy didn't ask to be traded. He said he wanted to spend his life as a, so there is clearly something that, that, that made them pull the trigger and, and and and, and make the train pick up the phone and call the Los Angeles Lake. I don't know what it is then that don't come out of some point, but it's, but it'll come. It definitely is something, if it don't come out to watch it, it'll come out the Yeah, it's too great of a player that, that, that you just decide to pick up the phone. No, I can handle the, think about it when it's lack of defensive intensity for 48 minutes and it's like conditioning overall.

5 (46m 59s):
The dude was still a five time first team all NBA player in six years. So, yep, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna live with, I'm gonna live with some of that and try to make them better. I'm not just gonna pick on the phone on a, on a random day and call the Los Angeles Lake. So it's something that push the button to make them bad. Make this call.

Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle (47m 20s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, when when you send it, yeah, you're just like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

The Football Today podcast (48m 19s):
What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Salum Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down, stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.

The Daily Show Ears Edition (49m 8s):
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,

The Big Take (49m 46s):
The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every Day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter, Courts are not supposed to decide elections. Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in, in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide, Follow the big take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen.

5 (50m 45s):
But Jack, my, my intent raised where Rick Carlisle wouldn't sign the contract extension. You know how hard it is to get a generational player. They don't fall on trees and a lot of coaches never get an opportunity c coach, a generational talent. Rick Carlisle didn't accept the contract extension and he had a 22, 20 3-year-old Luca that should have raised the antenna. But what really raised my antenna when I heard Nico Nico Harrison say, culture, when you hear that, Jack, I know your antenna raised too, because we see this with, with Zion. We believe his conditioning plays a role in his injuries. We see that with Joe mbi. We believe his conditioning plays a role in his injuries.

5 (51m 27s):
They believe, I believe it is my estimation, and I'm just looking at this from a distance, it, I believe the Mavericks believe that Luca's condition, or lack thereof, his training, his eating habits play a role in this. Those injuries. And I gotta give you $70 million this summer for the, for next summer, for five years. Oh no, Johnny, oh, I can do it. Can't do that. Oh, I can do it. No, and you would do it too. The the guy, the top five player in the world, no question about is a villain. The the thing I got a problem with is we compare them, Joel Embiid and Zion Williamson, two guys that have a tough time staying on the floor.

5 (52m 7s):
That's not Luke's issue. He plays her, he plays hobble a hundred percent. Doesn't take care of his body. Best's conditioned physically. He doesn't come in shape and can't and can't. But he plays, he loves to play. Those other two guys have, have missed a substantial amount of, of gain. I think culture is the conditioning. It's how we act on the bus. It's how we act on the plane. It's how we act in the locker room. We don't know that story. I'll give you an example. Jimmy Butler report come out. Jimmy Butler had the plane waiting for an hour while everybody wait to him. Are you kidding me? That's not on Jimmy Butler. That's on me. I'm not waiting an hour for nobody.

5 (52m 47s):
That's what happened. Reporting the plane is taking off when leaving Jimmy Butler, wait for Jimmy Butler and you're sending yourself up. Disaster. You're setting yourself up for a culture that allows that. No, we gonna set the tone right away. We leaving this guy. And if he shows up to the game, he shows up to the game, we'll handle it then. But I don't, well, what kind of president are you sitting with Luca, when you know he's outta shape when you know he's not conditioning properly, when you know he's not training properly. Dude is 30 and and and nine, he's the best player on the floor every night. So you gotta find other, other ways to push the button to get him to respond.

5 (53m 28s):
Right? You gotta, you gotta pull him in the office by yourself and talk to him. You gotta pull him in the office with Kyrie ever. You gotta pull him in the office with the gm. You gotta pull him in the office with ownership. Bring in some form of grates, bring in Dirk Navis. Whatever trick you gotta do to push the button dark, that whatever trick, I don't know, he sees dark every day. The trick is you gotta do to push the button. Your job. My job is to find that button and push it because he's great and he's an all time great, but I wanna put him in that special room that he deserves to be in. I'm not like this, this guy you had to talk up to be great when he walked into this league, he was great. You know, I don't, you don't have to hype him up and talk him up. He's great from day one, right? So now let's get you into that special room and it's something that you deserve and you, you're cheating yourself.

5 (54m 12s):
Forget about me. You're cheating yourself if you don't put yourself in the best possible position to get there. Does he want to be in that room? You want him in that room? Does he want to be in there? Because if he wanted to be in there, Jack, all the grace that you mentioned, that's in the handful of guys. Yeah. Did, did any coach had to hold their hand? Jordan, Kobe, LeBron Bird, magic Kareem, gimme some more. Elijah one, the guy, the handful of guys that's in that room. Did they have to be hand spoon things?

8 (54m 40s):
Hey, do you think, Hey, hey, hey Jack. Do you think the culture and where he comes from is a little bit different as opposed to all the guys that just named and their approach to the game of basketball? Maybe that might be the issue.

5 (54m 52s):
I might have something to do with, but the dude was a pro at 13 years old. He's been a pro since he's been 13 years old. He's a special talent. And I agree with you with those guys that you named, but there's some guys, and I, I don't have 'em off the top of my head, but some guys had to be pushed along. Some guys, some guys didn't love basketball and, and they're in that special role. Jim Dunman didn't touch a basketball until he got into high school. I believe his junior year. He was a swim dude. He was like, he elite swimmer. Boom. C is is great enough to get in that room and I believe he's gonna get there. And I believe putting on purple and gold and having a new challenge in his life is gonna to get him there. But he also has to have coaches, management, ownership, leadership in that, in that locker room that holds me accountable and has the same voice as, as the people that's trying to pour into his life instead of high fiving and hugging him and giving him that when he won a ball game.

5 (55m 43s):
So let's talk about you won the game, but how about the be defensive stock that, that, that, that you gave up on that almost cost us the game so we can have that conversation too. Gotta surround himself with people and are not Yes. Then to hold him accountable and push buttons and inspire him to win it as bad as we wanted. Short, long term. Who do you believe won to trade short, long term? I love, I love ad to the maths. Kyrie in the pick and roll, great help defender, defend one through five. Tremendous in the pick and roll can help with weak side defense. The Lakers got a little lax on defense. LeBron can't sit in the chair anymore at 40. Luca we talked about that. Doesn't really wanna play Officer Reeve, people attack him because they can.

5 (56m 24s):
The Lakers got substantially weaker on the defensive end. They set themselves up for the next 10 years though we can't, we can't take that, take that away from them. I think both teams are in position to win a championship. You the Lakers, your next move is your best move. They gotta find the big to clean up some of the mess, protect the weakness that they have on the defensive side of the floor. A protector ri played a pick and roll hold the fort down a little bit as Dral penetration affection, right? And, and I, I I I, unlike what the Dallas, I think both teams have helped themselves 'cause I can't undersell how great Anthony Davis is. And clearly I already graded enough about Luther Doc. It's gonna be interesting to see how this thing all plays out.

5 (57m 5s):
And I think the Lakers cannot be judged on just winning a championship or not winning a championship this year. They got a generational talent, which is hard to find. That puts them in position for after LeBron James Lee. But lemme ask you a question. Let's just say now I'm hoping, hey, you know, I root for the Lakers. I'm hoping Luca like, man, I just cost myself $117 million. Everybody believes I can be special. I am special. Let me do what it takes in order to be in that room that Mark Jackson keeps talking around. There's only a handful of guys in there. There are only a handful of guys that deserve to be mentioned of being in there.

5 (57m 46s):
There are some, I mean, some guys can peep in the room, but there's some guys that's sitting at the table in the room. Yes. Let me, let me, let me get on my conditioning. Let me hire me a chef. Look, I'm not saying what, whatever, what, Hey, I'm not saying you Michael Jordan smokes more cigars than anybody and stand up with that damn bust and bust them up. Mark. Some guys drink, some guys can do that. But the one thing you know about, about mj, he came in shape. LeBron loves his wire and ACA gets a cigar, but you know, he don't cheat the process. And the one thing about those guys that are in that room, they didn't cheat the process. You are right. Tim Duncan didn't play basketball until high school, but Park, he was coachable.

5 (58m 28s):
Oh yeah, park got on him to coach everybody else. Tim Duncan, when he stepped on that floor, you know what you going to get. But you also knew he was a pro after court. He was gonna come in his shake, he was gonna be conditioned and he was gonna be ready to go and he didn't have no ticky tack injuries. Yeah, it, it points inger directly to the player. They gotta want it. And, and I believe that he's gonna be in that room because his talent tells me that he's gonna be in that room. I believe he wants it. I believe this situation will enhance his desire to, to prove people wrong. And I believe that if you are a general manager ownership or a coach or a superstar player playing alongside of him, you also have a responsibility to hold him accountable and to deliver the message to him when he is fallen short from that.

5 (59m 13s):
And I believe he's gotta be able to be man enough to empower those people to do exactly that. Because at the end of the day, I know they want what's best for me. If they want what's best for me, and it's gonna be what's best for this team. And ultimately I'm gonna be in that room. What he doesn't wanna do is what you talk about, put his head peeking in that room and then he get most shouted there. No, he deserves to be in that room constantly. 'cause his talent tells us that. Let's talk about the other trade that happen today. D Aaron Fox going into the San Antonio Spurs. Zach Levine going to the Sacramento King, it seems now, it seems now guys will sign that first extension, get that guaranteed money. Yeah. And then after that they're on the hunt.

5 (59m 55s):
You see D Fox, he's on his way to San Antonio. He wants to play with Weby Night squad. There you see Zach Levine, Zach has been a report that Zach Levine has wanted to get outta Chicago for an extended period of time. He's reunited with DeMar de Rosen in Sacramento. You like you, you have to like Sacramento with Malik Monk, DeMar de Rosen, Zach Levine, Deante Saboni, they got a nice squad. Keegan Murray, they got a knife. What I like about Sacramento is the Aaron Fox obviously displayed his willingness to be traded, let his feel as we know, and they made a trade, but they didn't surrender the seats. They went and got a guy that can help him immediately. A 25 point score in Zach Levine that's proven as comfortable playing alongside of DeMar de Rose.

5 (1h 0m 38s):
So they have perimeter player, great versatility, great youth, incredible fan base, and you have some bonus. And Keegan Murray, they, they have talent that still should put them in the mix. Playoff time in the Western conference and, and, and, and still an exciting future moving forward, whether it's Zach Levine opts in or opts out at the end of the year, the Aaron Fox goes to a situation where he is playing with a generational talent and windy and, and fits his skillset where he can be creative on the perimeter play and pick and roll with him at times. Be aggressive as a store at times, be aggressive as a facilitator. It's an ideal situation. One thing you touched on that I still try to figure out as I, I spend time by myself today, these dudes are turning down $300 million.

5 (1h 1m 23s):
Like give gimme, gimme my money, give me, give my money and we'll figure everything else out. Yes, get 300 million. I don't care how much you made, this is real money. Go get your money. Yes. And then find the right situation. Don't leave it on the don't leave money on the tape. I, I played with a guy that gave back $500,000 in order to be a free agent at the end of the year, never recouped. And that was, that was back in, in in 19 89, 19 90. Never got back that $500,000. You can't make it back. We talking about now two, $300 million. Are you kidding me? Woo. Yeah. Get your paper. Young Feas. I will. I and I, I don't wanna un under underestimate this because fortunately I don't know a lot about this and, and, and, and Shannon, you don't know enough a lot about this, but a guy Chad o Signal knows or nothing about it that's news.

5 (1h 2m 14s):
It can be frustrating at times. I mean at, at times. I, I watch you talking about Jack. I, I watched it and I seen the frustration. I see, I seen it running routes and playing for, you know, it, it was tough at times and I I was thrilled and happy when you got a chance to win and, and, and be on the right, on the, in the right situation. You deserved it. So it can be frustrating and wanting to X at times, but get your money. One thing about my guy, he he, he, he gets it. He got his money and he keeps his money. I I'm watching you Jack, Jack, lemme ask you this. We see these thing about Zion and then Zion has had, and they even worded his contract that he has to be a certain way, he has to have his body percentage down and we've never seen it.

5 (1h 2m 58s):
Look, he reminds you of a more explosive Charles Barkley and Barkley like he had Malone, he had those other guys and he said, Moses Malone rest his soul. Say Charles, you fat and you lazy. You got two things. You young, you fat and you lazy. You got two things working against you. And Barkley says, you know what he say get 10. He got 10 pounds off in like two weeks and then he got another 10 pounds off in a month. And before you know it, Charles will turn himself into an MVP one of the better power forwards to ever play the game. We see this with Joe LMB. When you get a guy in B'S size and people don't realize this, the bigger you are, the bigger that frame is, the more weight it can hold. Jack, you seven foot two, oh, you could easily be 400, maybe even five.

5 (1h 3m 42s):
And when you get hurt during the season, now you can't condition. And so guess what? You're still eating but you're not practicing. You're not playing. And so guess what, you might be 2 95, 300. Next thing you know, you're three 10, you're three 20, you're three 30, you're three 40, you're three 50. Now you go back out there, you three 50 and you try to run up and down that court and you jump up your knees go out your feet, your ankles, your hips. What do you say to that Jack? Part of it, I blame organizations that allow them to be this way coming in. So I'm trying to be your friend and your boy and all lovey wy when you come in instead of saying, okay, these are the problems that we foresee, this is what we have to do to put you in position to succeed from day one.

5 (1h 4m 27s):
I don't care what your bone structure is, what your body fats, I know what it should be. They co-signed a lot of that stuff initially with Zion Williamson saying he was heavy bone and, and you know, and, and, and he can only get down to a certain amount of weight. No, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a incredible young man. He's an incredible talent and and you look at his body now as giving them when he came to, so he certainly has his desire to get better. I think the, the biggest, biggest thing for him, you can pat him to Charles Barkley and the bodies were similar, but Charles Barkley from day one had a jumper. He was shooting threes back in in 87, 88, 89. So so he was a skilled overweight performer on the basketball floor who had range.

5 (1h 5m 8s):
Brian Williamson, if you're playing against him, you can dare him to shoot the jumper. Now can he hit it? Yeah, once in a while. And I'm saying it respectfully 'cause he's a great player, but he has a flaw that can be exposed on the defensive side of the floor if you're going against him, especially in a playoff series. So that he's gotta spend time to, to enhance and perfect that side of the floor in his range because he puts his head down, he gets anywhere he wants. So now you add a decent jumper to that. He's a, he's a, he's a nightmare for anybody who could defend. We're talking about league players that have, that have opportunity to make their imprint on this game and it, it should hurt them when they don't because they're not in the best shape they could possibly be in.

5 (1h 5m 48s):
I still will never understand. Rudy Gobert got traded for four first round picks. Luca Don got traded for Anthony Davis in one first round pick. I don't know who did. Hey Nico Collins must know something. Nico Harris, but I'm sure Rob Nico Harris, excuse me, ni Rob Pika says, just imagine if you was sitting at home and got a call. You you're interested in Luca. Heck yeah. Hell yeah. So you don't even have to work. You could win Executive of the year just because you picked up the phone. Hey, that's crazy. What what statue, what statue out front you want for Luca? Okay, whatever you need. Hey Jack, whatever you need.

5 (1h 6m 28s):
Yeah. What you need, who? You who you we talking about? We talking about a guy that's that's after LeBron. Yeah, after LeBron. He's gonna still be playing. I don't get, I don't care how much time to get LeBron. Yeah, Luca Dodgers will still be your franchise player when LeBron acts the building. And that's what you need if you are a lake, if you are a Laker, you gotta have franchise players. They started with Will with Kareem Shaq, LeBron, and now they got Luca. So they just continue to streak this, this string of getting elite, multi-talented, great players to keep this thing for the Lakers going. Jack, we gotta get you out here on that one. Thank you so much for joining us. We really appreci your in, appreciate your insight and talking about this trade and the other trades. Darren Fox going to the Spurs.

5 (1h 7m 8s):
Zach Levine going to Sacramento Kings, we'll see you down the road. I appreciate you. Alright coach. No, no problem. Alright guys, joining us next we're gonna have a commercial break first though, right? Joining us next. He won Roro Royal Rumble last night. Jay uso, but after that, but he's gonna come to join us right after this

Via Business School (1h 7m 30s):
break. Let's be real. 2025 has been all about change. Whether it's work, personal stuff, or just the daily grind. It can be hard to keep up. But here's the deal. When things get hectic, we don't have to go through it alone. Embrace the power of nature and elevate your everyday with via trusted by over half a million happy customers. Via is the Swiss Army knife of wellness dedicated to harnessing the natural benefits of hemp to create a high quality wellness product. Whether you're looking to improve your sleep focus recovery, add a little pep to your step or just get high via has something for you with products ranging from zero to a hundred milligrams of THC via give you the power to blaze your own trail. And the best part via Legally Ships to nearly all states in the US in discreet packaging directly to your door with worry-free guarantee, no medical card required. If you're 21 years of age or older, check out the link to Val's website, link in our description and use code NCAP for 15% off. And if you're a new Via customer, get a free gift of your choice. After you purchase, they ask you where did you hear about 'em? Please support the show and tell 'em your favorite UNC sent you. Enhance your every day with via

Clint Hammond of CMG Home Loans (1h 8m 44s):
of all the non-negotiables. On a first day you know what the biggest one is? Deodorant. Mondo has whole body deodorant. That safety used anywhere on your body pits, ball, thigh, folds, belly button, butt cracks and feet. Created by a doctor who saw firsthand how normal body odor was being misdiagnosed and mistreated, clinically proven to block odor all day and control odor for up to 72 hours. Want to try America's number one whole body deodorant formula right now you can find them at Walmart, target and other retailers across the country. For best deals, go to shop mondo.com. Mondo's Startup Pack is perfect for new customers. They come with solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice, like many Body watch and deodorant wipes, and free shipping. As a special offer for Nightap listeners, new customers get $5 off a starter pack with an exclusive code that equates to over 40% off your starter pack. Use code Nightap at shop mondo.com. That's shop mondo.com. Please support our show and tell 'em your favorite UNC sent you. Smell fresher, stay dry, boost your confidence from head to toe with Mondo.

True Classic (1h 9m 54s):
I like starting the new year off right by hitting the gym and staying active. But sometimes I struggle to find active where that fits. Right. Not too big, not too tight. True classic shirts are designed to accentuate the important areas like your arm and chest while giving your midsection. Some breathing room clothes that have such a tailored fit are usually very expensive. Not true. Classic. They have premium clothes at affordable prices. Build the perfect outfit in five minutes or less. Everything goes great together. Bestselling t-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more come in three, six, and nine packs. The more you bundle, the more you save, mix and match clothing that works with your lifestyle. True classic activewear features, moisture wicking, odor fighting, quick dry, antimicrobial, magic, free shipping on all orders. 100% perfect fit guarantee with easy returns. Trusted by over 4 million customers and 200,000 plus five star reviews. Start the new year off right with clothing that actually fit right. Just go to an exclusive link@trueclassic.com slash Nightap to save. That's true classic.com/ Nightap. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today.

Learning English Podcast (1h 10m 59s):
Five doesn't happen by weekly, so why should payday? The money you earn can be in your hands today with Earning. Earning is an app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to $150 per day with a max of $750 between paydays. Just download the earning app, verify your paycheck, then access up to $150 a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid from your next paycheck. You know how I spend that money a special night out for two, a very special night out. Make earning a part of your financial routine. Join the earning over 4 million customers who say things like, when I think about earning, I think about financial stability, security. It gives me peace of mind. Download earning today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App Store. When you download the earning app type in Nightap under podcast, when you sign up, it will really help the show. Nightap under Podcast Earning is a financial technology company, not a bank. Cash outs are based on available earnings. Standard cash outs takes one to two business days with no mandatory fees option to expedite your transfer for fee. Tips are voluntary and do not affect the service. See cash out under user agreement For detail Services not available in all states,

1 (1h 12m 21s):
The Volume.

Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle (1h 12m 24s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you can find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

The Football Today podcast (1h 12m 55s):
What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you, we'll be glad you did.

Athletes' First Family Podcast (1h 13m 25s):
$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts, the untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

Energy Line with Nate and JSB (1h 13m 59s):
What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Yeah, Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB starting on February 4th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.