
Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason ERs here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen To N Hhl unscripted with Kin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho the Packers Jar. Alexander was asked to speak with the media at the locker room cleanup. He declined. Said he doesn't know if he'll be here next year. He said he had nothing. He had nothing good to say so that he wouldn't talk. Well, Yeah, I think it's over. Yeah, listen. I think you think it's over too. Yeah, if he's not gonna be there. You know what? There's a beautiful place, there's a beautiful place down in the Midwest called Cincinnati. You know we gonna have a little pocket chain for you, Zaire. We're gonna have some pocket chain for you. Come on over there. Play a little man to man. Huh? I know you gonna, I know you gonna see this. I know you gonna come down there because Cincinnati has no He don't. What? No he don't.


Why wouldn't he? Why would he? What Do you mean what's, what's You You ain't got no pass rush. Y'all about to lose Henderson. Listen, we Zaire Alexander is the top five man to man. Man to man. Ain't no such thing as top five when you ain't got no past rush. You know how that work that go hand in hand? Hey, that's just like saying you a top five or say there's a reason why two A with a tyreek talking about he tried to get up outta there. That they look different. That they look different when you ain't got a, a quarterback that can get you that rock ocho Hey, Listen, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me recruit. Okay? Lemme recruit. Okay, go Ahead. I here Alexander, I know you going see that I'm on down to Cincinnati.


Okay? I'm not asking you. I'm telling you now, if you go somewhere else that had nothing to do with Cincinnati after I told you, you, we welcome you with open arms. I'm gonna beat you up. Hey, you know his former teammate who is a quarterback in Baltimore? They Got Nate Wiggins and they have Marlon Humphrey. Huh? Played a slot. They can kick Jay outside Aire Alexander, come to Cincinnati. Don't listen to what I'm talking about. Don't listen to what I'm talking about. Come on down next, nigga. Look, he gonna have his suited. He going the Huh?


He going to the highest bid Ocho Well, we would be the highest Unless they hold on. I think they still on his right so they can trade him. They gonna go get the best deal. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, Outside of the outside of the division, I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try to keep him out of the NFC, but if somebody NFC offered me the best package, what he going to the NFC? Listen, they don't want him in the NFC. Guess what a perfect place for 'em to go is Cincinnati. Oh, Joe. When the last time y'all traded for somebody? Oh, we'll traded for that because what's the, what's the one? When was the last time?


When was the last time? It's not about, when's the last time we did something. We're trying to change the culture in Cincinnati. Is that what y'all made? Is that what y'all made? Is that, is that why y'all made Chase play on this contract? Because y'all were trying to change something. I actually, wait a minute. Now, now, you know, they don't pay nobody with two years left on their contract unless you're a quarterback. Now You told me you didn't care if he had 50 years left. That's if I was the owner, But, okay, so with that being said, when was the last, see, they got that same owner. Paul Brown was his dad, Mike Brown. Now, when was the last time they made a trade for somebody? Listen, I think the decision making comes down to Katie and Troy Blackburn.


They're doing a phenomenal job. They've done a phenomenal job in changing. That's his daughter. But when was the last time you still answer the, the Chad wanna know? I I, oh, I, I don't know. I don't have it written in front of me right off the top of my head. But we're trying to improve our defense. Why not go and get one of the best corners in the NFL who he will no longer be in Green Bay. Yeah, we gonna get him. We gonna get it from the Broncos. Pair him up with a, a pack. No, man. Come on. Come on, Boy. That's, Hey, they gonna lock the rain. They gonna lock down the rain. Nah, nah. He coming to Cincinnati. Coming to Cincinnati. I didn't know they didn't have already put the bid out there.


I knew he gonna see this. Zaire holler at your boy. My number still the same. Oh, Joe Russell Wilson. Plans on Resiting with the Steelers. Justin Fields was four and two. Russ was six and six. Is it time for the Pittsburgh to go all in with Justin Fields Pit is expected to work on signing fields before a free agency. So what should the Steelers do? The Steelers lost their last five games. Yes, sir. Four regular season and the playoffs. Yes, sir. So that's five consecutive games in which they lost. What should the Steelers do You know what that's, that's a great question. Huh? That's a great question. Now, what people would say is, well obviously you lost the last five.


Why would you go back to Russell Wilson? Let's start with Justin Fields and have a clean slate and have him take over from that point. Right. Mike Tomlin, this is a very difficult decision. Know, as someone on the outside looking in to me, I would, I would like to continue with Russ Wilson and see what we can do going into next year. Right. I need them to change the offense a little bit. Just what Would you like to see 'em change about it? Push the ball down the field more. Thank You. Be more creative. Be more creative. Use your off offensive weapons. Everything seems so predictable. No, you mean offensive weapon? Offensive weapons.


Oh yeah. Well, offensive Weapon need to take a weapon now. Yeah. They, they got, they gotta get somebody else over there, man. They gotta get somebody else over there. They got, they got to, they got to one, one more weapon to go and pick, man. Just, just, just So you know some, But the thing is, look, if you make a commitment to field, you just gotta go with it. Right. I don't think he's really interested in signing a contract and sitting on the bench. You can't flip flop back and forth, huh? Yeah. What would you do? What would you do if he was Mike Thomas? Ask to get traded Ocho Sometimes after 17, 18 years, it's time for a new voice.


You think so? Because the problem is, is the Steelers are, are just good enough to be a playoff contending team, but not good enough to go to distance. And so now you're kind of in no ma, you're purgatory. You can't go to heaven. You're not in hell, but you're not advancing. Mm. Damn. That's a good one. Huh? I don't like it though. Do you think, do you think the Steelers fan base would like that though? No, because the steel, the Steeler look, if you go back and look at, look at them for the longest time, they had Coach Nall.


Coach Nall won four championships in six years. Right. And then it was, he was mediocre all the eighties. Right. They went to the a FC championship game. Dan Marino's, second year the Dolphins beat him. Then after that they was just mediocre. Right. I think they only made the playoffs like in the last 12 years. Like what? Four times. Coach Cowell comes in in 92, he goes to the Super Bowl in ni in 95, they lose to the Steelers and they don't go to the Super Bowl until 2005. They win. Mike to comes in, he goes early, wins goes back again in what? 2011. And hadn't them been closed since?


Yeah. So the Steelers are okay with that. Steelers Haven't fired. Think about it. They've had three coaches since 1969. Yeah. They fired none of them. Right. Chuck Noll, retired Coach Cow retired. It's hard though. One man, it's hard getting, getting, getting, getting to that Super Bowl, man, getting to that chip is hard, man. It is. The, the, the Patriots, the spoil. A lot of people, the chiefs are supporting a lot of people because they have quarterbacks that make it look easy. They have quarterbacks that make it look easy. Man. It ain't, it's not as it is the Coach. They don't, the Steelers look, the Steelers, the, at some point in time, you see the Rams. The Rams like, we go for it.


They went all in and they cashed out. Right. That's not what the Steelers do. That's not what a lot of teams do. But you see Detroit, they make that big move. Yeah. Big. Hey, they did a great job of drafting and you know, hey, they don't have a, they don't have a problem getting for free agents. Yeah. You gotta do that. That's crazy. I'm just, and I'm, I'm picturing that too. Right now. I'm just picturing Mike Tomlin in a different, in in different attire on a different team. And that just, it just wouldn't seem right. It wouldn't. Andy Reed was with the Eagles for all those years and they said, bro, we, we, we not, Hey, we make the play off, but we not really going nowhere.


Yeah. And he goes to Kansas City and boom. Yeah. Damn. You gotta change something. Don't, Joe. Yeah. TJ Watt doesn't wanna go play anywhere else. Let's take a listen to what TJ had to say. I, I wanna be in Pittsburgh that you guys know that I don't wanna leave this place, especially in this, I wanna be part of the solution. I've put so much into it here. I've seen so many guys. I mean, I, I want to help Cam Hayward get to where we need to get. I wanna be a part of the solution. I don't wanna lead this place. I love the people here. And that goes beyond just the coaches.


It's, it's, it's the fan base. It's the people, the community. And we owe it to them to get it right. And I wanna be part of the solution. Not not leave here, go somewhere else. It's not my intention. I I, I'm, I'm not even, I'm not even sure who even asked him the question like that, where he even has to say that. You know, he's a, I know a guy who thought that too. Ocho. Yeah. Huh. He's the centerpiece on that defense As his big brother. His big brother didn't wanna go nowhere either. Tell the people at home where he finished his last two years. Ocho Yeah. You right, you right by that. When you great. And you don't have a chance because all he wants is a chance to really have an opportunity.


Right. To play for a Super Bowl. That's what his big brother wanted. Famous miles. I just can't picture them. I can't picture them in. That's crazy. I mean, if you think about it, DeMarcus, where Yeah. Cowboys let him go. Say, nah, they release him. Yeah. El John picks him up. Boom. Super Bowl. Super Bowl. Put it with, put it with Vaughn. Boom. Yeah, I can, I just, oh, we talking about one of the premier pass rushes in NFL not being a Pittsburgh Steeler.


We're used to seeing them in 90 in a Pittsburgh Steeler uniform and seeing go somewhere else outside of Pittsburgh. I remember Reggie was a Philadelphia Eagle too, Until he went to Green Bay. He went until he went to Green Bay. Yeah. That's crazy. I mean, a, it it's not like it used to be. Our favorite player, Joe mean, Joe, Pittsburgh, Steeler, boom. Buckers, right. Ray Luke, I mean, yes. I you, you want to see your historically great players have one helmet, but I also want an opportunity to play for the Super Bowl. Right. Because that's, that's why I want to see, I wanna be on that big stage. Right. Steelers not close O Joe.


They're not, let's not kid ourselves. They're not close. Yeah. Think about what's in that division. Oh yeah. They gotta deal with, they gotta deal with Mar Jackson for another decade. They got Joe Burrow for another decade. They're not close. They're not. Yeah. So Now they got a home for another decade. Right. They got Josh Allen for another decade. Okay. Yep. Now, now that comes back to what I told you about one players to be stop being optimistic and stop being politically correct and just tell the truth on how they really feel. You know? So maybe, maybe he's saying all the right things publicly, which is what you have to do. And behind the scenes, you know, let your agent do the dirty work.


Yeah. Yeah. You say all the right things publicly. Yeah. Hey, they need offensively, they need a play. Another playmaker. Get a little line, get some more line. Help corners. They need some stuff. Yeah, they do.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey There, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you, by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk. We had all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


OCHO Baker says dumb stuff from the laws we wear on we wear on Me for a while. How long did it take you to get over the playoff loss ocho? Well, well, oh shoot. Normally during the regular season, there's a 24 hour rule. Playoffs is a different ball game. Obviously. I didn't, I didn't go to the playoffs much, but I remember the loss to the jets. Not only the loft to the Jets. I remember my abysmal performance against Rebus, obviously one of the, Oh man, that man did a number on you. Hey, listen. One of the greatest, one of the greatest, one of the greatest dbs of all time. You say you was one of the greatest receivers. Can I, can I, can I finish? Okay, Go ahead. My bad. One of the Greatest dbs of all time and one of the greatest seasons of all time for any DB that 2009 season.


So obviously I was upset at that. It took me a little bit longer to get over not just that loss, but me not being able to contribute in the way I felt. I should have been able to in that loss in 2009. So maybe, maybe about a week. Maybe about a week. And not only that, I went back watching, watching tape over and over and look at all the things that I could have done, all the mistakes that I did do on why things didn't go well for me from an individual standpoint. Then I looked at us, looked at the game again, as in its totality and why we lost offensively. And then we just, it was, it was, it was, it sucked. It sucked. So about, about a week after, after a week, you know, I, I kind of let it go, let it brush off and just took my time off and, and enjoyed my offseason.


Depends, the Jacksonville lost never about a month because you replay it over and over. What could you have done differently A month? Yeah. Ooh, Jacksonville. You never get over that. Right. Because, you know, we had the superior team, they outplayed us that day and we lost. It was really that simple. We got away from what had gotten us there, which waster Terrell running the football. We all of a sudden we wanna throw it all over the yard. And that's not what we were.


Thank God Mike didn't make that ever make that mistake again. And TD ran his home. That's why in eight games, four of those games, he had TD played in eight playoff games. Four of those he ran for 150 or more, which was an NFL record that Derrick Henry just tied. Right. Seven of those eight, he rushed 400 yards. The only game he didn't was that first game against Jacksonville. He had 91 on 14, carries all the other games. He was well over a hundred yards. Yeah. It it, I mean, it hurts, man, when you put the count of time in and the counter time that you put in to be great at a craft. And, and I think the thing is with Baker is that he formula the ball.


Yeah. And he gave, gave Washington the momentum back into this ball game. That's what stings, that's what really, really stings. Yeah. You know, having a drop in a and a big moment and, you know, it's tough. You, I don't think you you ever get over that. It's, it even unless you win. I mean, yeah, it, it, I mean I still think about Jacksonville, but it's a little easier because I did end up going three more times to the, you know, getting to the Super Bowl three times a little show and I won. Right. But I still think about, dang, I could have had four. Ah-huh Well maybe we could have went three in a row. So there's a lot of things that, you know, you, you, you, you get in your own head sometimes and you know, you, you think what if Right?


And I, I hate that because I I I've done, you know, I've done that and like, damn. Think about that in relationship sometimes. Damn. What if, Yeah. What if I, what if I, what if I, what if I gave someone what I gave football A do you understand Unc? If you put the kind of time in discipline and fortitude and want to study in time that you put in a football into a partner And do, Boy, you'll be the, you'll be boy, you'll be the best husband man, boy, a woman with, You know what?


That's my, that's my thing. You know what, O Joe, I might have to go back. I might have to go back. I might have to go back to Well, I, I know what she told me. I know what she told me. What told, I know both of them told me the same thing. Share with you. Wait, wait. Don't say it yet. Wait. Lemme give a pen and paper there. Nah, da nah, I ain't gonna say it on there. I ain't gonna say it on there. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I know why. She told me why, and both of, I mean, two Right. Therapists told me the same thing. Right. Neither knew the other because they were, they were, you know, 20 years apart. But they told me the same thing. Why? I'm like that why I do what I do. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay.


Hey, that's it. That, that was, I really thought about that yesterday and I did my homework today. Now we talked about, you know, relationships and we talked about therapy and you told me how therapy helped, but it, it gotta a point where you just couldn't do it no more. You couldn't do it anymore because you, you, you, you were doing so much. You were starting to lose a sense of self, you know. So I went, Hey, yo. Rare. Yeah. So I, I did my own homework. I, I did some research and, you know, my research was more so looking at the prices, looking at the prices, you know, and you know, it's, it is kind of hefty. Huh? It's kind, it's kind of hefty. So I'm, I'm thinking instead of me, instead of me getting going to a therapist, I mean, I could, I could slide you a hundred dollars.


Oh, You know, if You talk Oh, oh, you talk and you talk to me. Yeah, yeah. You, you know, you could, you could be the mediator, you know, I already, I already owe you 5,200. So I can Yeah, you do pay, I can pay you 5,200 and you can use that. That can go to the, the fee that, So that, that'll be your therapy paper. Huh? Bingo. Right there, there it's, This man tried to hire a therapist with money. He already owe somebody ocho ed res headed to high school. He was announced as the new ed OC at Chamblee High School right down the road from the crib.


Chamblee, you know, Ocho it was a, Can see all of my, all of my arms. Whoa, whoa. Just got a little too comfortable. But, okay, come on. You see Ed Reed is the new OC at Chamblee Chamblee High School in, in, in, in Georgia. Okay. Okay. It's A little suburb of That's Lot. And you remember one time Ojo, he was in the running to be the head coach of Bethune at Bethune Cookman. And then I, when he, when he got to the establishment, you know, it, it, it wasn't, it wasn't fit to his liking. And and normally you have though, you have a talk with, with the powers that be at the institution, you know.


But he, you know, he, he, he took it the wrong way and, and kind of put it, put it on the airways and, and they didn't, they didn't like that. You know, I'm, I'm ha I'm happy for Ed. I'm happy for Ed and it is a great opportunity for, for that school. And they, they got a good one boy. They, they, they, they got him a good one. They do. I wish he could have got that job. I wish things could have worked out better for him at, at coon. At Coman. Yeah. Yeah. That would've been Nice. Yeah. It, it'd been really nice. You see Eddie George at Tennessee State Coach Prime was at, at Jackson. Now he's at cu, right. D Jack Deshaun Jackson is at Delaware State. What is it? Delaware State? Yeah. Yeah.


Mike. Mike Vick is at Norfolk. So I'm, Well shoot, since all these players getting coaching jobs, what you wanna put your, you wanna put your, your hand in that? I don't, you just told it. They don't make enough money. I mean, shoot, I mean the kind of, kind of money. I mean, not like we n nevermind. Nah, I'm good. I don't have, you probably could do it, but I don't have the patience. I know me, Man. Listen, you, you mess around and put me in an atmosphere like that where my body is still willing and able, I'm still in shape. I'm gonna be in the way. 'cause I'm gonna have a, I'm gonna be out there suited up and hold in that whole uniform, Lea and all. No, I don't, I want no part of coaching.


I, I'm smart enough, you know. Yeah. Hines Ward is at Arizona State. I think Hines Ward is gonna be a coach. Go be a head coach too. You receiver coach? I think. Yeah. Okay. I mean there are a lot of guys, hold on. Antoine Randall lives in Detroit. I think Keenan ARDS and is is in Minnesota. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I just, no, I'm not that have, I want no party coaching. No. To me fool. I ain't gonna finn to hold nobody on that. OO reports. There are multiple instances in which Jimmy Butler skipped morning shoot rounds and insisted on taking private flights separate from the team.


This is what ultimately led to his seven game team suspension. Oh man, I wish I, man, hey look, private PJs aren't cheap. Right. And I know, hey, I might be mad. Hey, I know I ain't spending my money. I'm not spending my money. I'm flying on that team playing. I might not like playing Riley. I might not like that situation. Right. But I'm not coming outta my pocket. No. Hundred plus thousand dollars. Yeah. 50 days from Miami. You at the bottom. Right. Ain't no cheap fight unless you go in Orlando. Right, right. But you know, the a they be playing in Portland. They be all over. Oh dude.


Yeah. Listen, you, you uncle, you gotta remember now you gotta under understand and remember the kind of money they making, they making a different kind of money boy. Yeah. A different kind of money. It is. Hey, the money they cut, the kind of money they make is aki. I call it aki. Oh. But but here's the thing though, Ocho, you do that. I mean, yeah, I mean, but you spend, I mean, how long was he gonna do it? Maybe until things were resolved internally? Nah, I'm gonna be on that plane. I'm gonna let my agent and them resolve it. I'm gonna let my agent them resolve that. I ain't resolving it by coming out my pocket.


Right. Oh no. Right. I cannot, cannot do it. Now maybe he got a hookup or something Ocho that he gets one at a discount. Hey, maybe he has his own. But I think the smart thing to do is to get hours in one. You know what I'm saying? Have a timeshare says I'm going to get, you know, spend a hundred hours. Yeah. A hundred hours will probably cost you two, two meals. What? And it's, it's so funny. It is so funny. I'm acting excited about two mill and I'm thinking about it like I, you know, I hear all the stories, you know, our circle is all the same, you know? Yeah. And I'm thinking about, there's a certain person, I ain't saying no name 'cause I'm not one that, you know, drop no name. But when the gamble, you know, tip two men ain't nothing fitting to lose or win.


And I'm not talking about Jordan. Yeah. I mean, I ain't even talking about Jordan. I'm talking about, you know, you know, heavy gamble. You know, he, no, I don't. Yeah, he, I used to gamble like that. But you know what, Ocho I, when you, you can gamble like that. If you could look at those chips and don see them as money, woo. They're just objects. And I can no longer do that. I start looking at it and start thinking like, hell, that's a, that's a year of my mortgage payments right there. I I just got there on the table right there. That's a year of mortgage payments right there. Damn. That's different. My son's tuition. That's my son tuition for a year.


Right there. That's my daughter's tuition right there. I was like, nah, I, I'm done. That's because I can no longer, when I, when I was, when I, I, I used to be able to like, oh, 5,000, 10,000 ain't nothing. It didn't dawn on. It didn't, I didn't, I didn't think about it Ocho. Right. But once I started looking at it, and it started like, oh no. Yeah, no. And you know what? You look at it, you look at it at a different lens when you're done playing. Yeah. So you, you, you understand the value of a dollar when you're done playing. When you don't have that money coming in like that. Like, you know when it's coming in fast, week to week, every week. Oh, it, it is different. It's different. Yeah. You know, everybody, It's hard to get off money now.


Ocho Oh yeah. My age. Like I, I had a, like I got a Range Rover ocho, it's it's 2012, right? It was a 2013, but I got it October, 2012 because you know the year the, the 13 model came out in October year before. Yeah. Ocho I got 37,000 miles on the car. Well, you, you wanna get it up off your hands. No. And my, my was Shannon, you know. Hey, you hadn't bought anything and you hadn't bought. Well actually I just bought my mom a car. Lemme get the airport. It's on your seat joint. I just bought my mom a car today. Right. Wait, well what you got? What you got? What you got A E three 50 Boy? You got money boy?


A E three 50? Yeah, I got a, I got it. She got a little E three 50. Did Hell. Oh well you don't be playing boy. Nah, nah, nah. The whole thing is, But tell, tell, tell tell mama Sharp. I say congratulations Man. Yeah, she done. Yeah. Talking about she ain't know. She probably been driving all around to my, I thanks, thanks baby for my car. I had to stop at, at Walgreens to get my medicine. I said you coulda had that medicine sitting to your house. Mama. You trying to show that car? You think you slick Mama, mama. My mama show my mama show off for sure. For 1000% for certain. Let Her cut up again. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know, she had, I bought her car many years ago.


She had that car. Right. She didn't wanna tell about that's my baby. I had this car. This is my gift. I said, mama, if I buy you another car, it's a gift too. I'm confused, but it's just, it's just, I just had it for so long. Yeah. She traded in. Guess how much they gave her for, don't you? How much? $500. I paid two 50 to have it towed up there. So in other words, in other words, you got, she got two 50 for that hell car. So that just showed, that showed you the type of condition to call. Right. Oh man. Oh. But nah, she happy, she happy she got her car. That's dope. She could profile her, her, her and her girlfriend. They go to, they go to the casino.


She go to church. So hey, she play, She goes, she played bingo too. She Mr. Slots. Oh, slots. Okay. Just The slots. Yeah. Yeah. She don't play no bingo, but nah, she, she, yeah, she happy with that. Hey, I told her I go get her something and I got her there. So got my brother something last March. Yeah. My sister said she good. She don't want nothing. She said she like a little car. I got, I got, I got one, I got one coming on the way. Man. Man, I bought my sister Kia. Yeah, Man, she love that car. You, you got lucky mine. My daughter getting ready to graduate. I made her a deal. She said, babe, she, she say, daddy, if I graduate early, can you get me a car?


I say, I can get you a car. Damn. That ain't nothing. Then she told me what kind of car she wanted. And now I gotta, now I got, I gotta keep my word, man. She said what kind car she want? She want a G on. Oh Lord, no. Oh no. Oh no. I said she, she say she want a gwa. I say baby, like you have all these different type of cars that, that you can, you can choose from. Are you sure you want a gwa? No sir. Say yes. She said yes. I say, well, hold on, how you going to pay your insurance? How you gonna get gas? He said, yes. Once I graduate I'm gonna have a job.


I say, well, I tell you what, when you graduate and you get your job and you have some consistent revenue and income flowing in, I'm gonna get you your gwa. I'm gonna get, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna stick to my word. I'm gonna get a gwa. I can't get all that kind of money. Listen, That's going. Now's gonna be a ripple effect now because if I get down to gon what you think else gonna happen from the rest of the team? Of Course, You know. Nope. But it's, it's, it is all good. Listen, I got 50 left jobs. I can't complain about Nathaniel. I can't complain. Hey, we gotta be reasonable. Yeah. Because the maintenance and the upkeep on it. They popped the age.


Hey, no, I listen, I should, I should have thought about that. About what? 21, 22 years ago. You know? Nah, you should have put a limit on it. Say, Hey, this is what, hey, this is what I'm, when to pay for a car. Right. But they don't ask for nothing. That's why remember I told, you know, I told you how mine are. They, they don't ask for nothing. Huh? Holidays, birthday. That's it. Nah, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't get your your first car. No, No. This ain't, this ain't her first. Oh no. This be, this will be her second. So, you know, I'm, I'm gonna take her from, you know, her little starter car and let her graduate a little bit. Let her have a little, let live a little bit. Let her look. No, let her live a look. No, no, No.


You gotta make her hungry. Okay. Oh, she, she hungry. She hungry. That's why she graduated early G Wagon. Hey, well they, if that's what Hey, that's what I, I, I just, no, I ain't Finn, I, I ain't Finn, I ain't Finn I ain't finna start that. And plus I already got the kids a car. I got everybody car. They left debt free. Yeah. Ocho now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Abraham Sarwar, uncle Ocho really put cap, put the cap in Nightcap, Jeannie Aro.


I knew OCHO was trolling and the chatty shady quick to turn Congrats Arnie Rail. Of course, I, but I, I, I, I, I text ocho, I say, I say, see, I say now a lot of those people, oh, I love Hing ocho, but quick that were quick to try to drive that wedge in between Uncle Ocho. Yeah, yeah. You see that. You see that. But see, sometimes you need to see it for yourself Because, and that's why, that's why I tell people, everybody that jump into about, oh, I'm happy, I'm excited. They not. No. They really not. No. And I, and sometimes you have to see it for yourself. And I'm glad we got an opportunity to see Yeah. Do we got people that's very excited for us that cheer us on.


Absolutely. And sincerely and genuinely happy. Absolutely. Absolutely. But there's a lot that pretend they're happy and excited and all the while. Yeah. Boy, I show hope they break up our show. Hope they break up because we got something going. They know, because here's the thing, Ocho a lot of people that do what we do, they know what they do. Right. And they see what we do and they know what we do. So they know. Yeah. Yeah. They know. Most definitely. Listen, I, and, and a lot of people, you know, my, my, my supporters, my followers, they, they were, they were, they were saying some some mean things, you know, so they, I apologize to y'all for patrolling today, but, But sometimes you need to see O Joe, you gotta see who really in your corner.


It's like when you tell somebody no and they say, okay, I understand, bro. You done been so good to me so many times. O Joe. Oh, hey, I ain't got no problem with you saying, no, sir. But it's when they say no, like, well, damn bro. Right. You got that money like that, you can't break your boy off again. Yeah. Then, you know. Yeah. But listen, I'm, I'm, again, I'm, I'm, I'm happy for her and all that she has going on. Obviously, you know, with her real, real estate company, you know, Netflix stuff she has going on with Netflix, you know, show coming out. Yes. January 22nd. Then obviously the podcast up under our umbrella. And, and this is, this is what it's all about. You know, you know, having someone on your side that you can continue to help elevate in whatever it is they have going on.


Yes. It's, it's a beau it's a beautiful feeling. Even, even though, you know, now what it's not a joke is that things aren't where they should be between us. I'm, I can just be honest with you and, and Chad, I could be, I could be honest with y'all too. Yeah. Continue to work. Yeah. Yeah. We, it's, it, it's, it's, it's, it's rocky. It's rocky. So the fact that I can, I can compartmentalize and separate, you know, the business side of things and, and, and work on the pleasure side later on, later on down, later on down the line, you know, whenever UNC decides to be the moderator and, and, and be our therapist. But other than that, whoa.


What we got James Col. Whoa, y'all ninjas got me. Boy. I was hot during the humble batty signing, first fist all balled up. Good luck to all involved. He done pulled Ocho. Man, be excited. Yeah. Because here's the thing, Ojo, they like, man, you don't, you don't put no black people on. Okay. We put black people on, man, you should've. Well, damn, everything ain't gonna always be perfect. It's not gonna always be perfect in order to put your people on. Right. We're trying to give people the opportunity.


I've been very, very fortunate to be in a situation where The Volume gave me an opportunity. Right. And we've been able to build this thing from the ground floor and be able to help people. We're able to do that with five 20. We've able to do that with Bubble Dub. Now we have humble baddies. Our goal now is to get three more. We going, Hey, we going out, we scout, we looking, and we're gonna try to bring three more in front of the umbrella. Provide a infrastructure, be able to produce this. This is your vision. What do you want? But we have, we believe we have the people in place. We have the distribution, right. To help this thing grow to what you believe it can be. Right. I thought, oh well, So much. Hey, did you, did you, did you put any thought into the, into that wilderness?


Show me and you in the country hunting, Catching ocho you ain't never shot a gun in your life. That's the whole point of having the show. You teaching me how to hunt, how to, how to, how to catch squirrels and bears and, and deer and skin 'em and eat 'em. So if, if we don't catch, if we don't catch no food, if we don't catch no fish, like we starve. Oh, I'm not gonna starve because I know how to fish. I know how to hunt. So like, it's like a, a wilderness show. Fun and ocho in the wilderness like survivor Ocho. But here's the thing, when do we gonna have time to shoot a show?


Man? We gotta find time, man. We gotta find, we gotta find time. Ocho you like having 50 11 jobs? Yeah, I'm trying to scale back. Nah, I ain't trying to scale back. I ain't trying to scale back. 'cause I'm, I'm trying to scale back. Nah, I mean, I'm about to have to hit the road. We about to have to go What? We just activated Florida, Illinois, Baltimore, Virginia. I'm about to have to hip to hit the road for, for La Porter. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named Tainment about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demurs. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts, perky. That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


No. Fate. Nine seven. I don't know why I looked up and thought OCHO was Vanessa Williams and Soul Food. Hey Junior ing Ocho. Love the show and the work you put in it. Keep, keep it going King. Now back to football. Are you worried about the cheese not playing ball for so long? No, I'm not. If it was a, and listen, if you look at the college teams that all had a bi-week, you saw what happened to 'em. That is not the same when it comes to NFL teams. Players need that rest. If you, you, you, you really want the first piece So you can get that bi-week. So players that are nicked up, they can heal up and be a little bit more healthy come time to the not divisional round.


What round is that? It's the divisional. Oh, the division round? Yeah. Yeah. This week we just wrapped up Wild card, this card, the final wild card. Not with the divisional round. Hey, you, You get that one seat and you get that that week off man. Players love it. Yes, love it. Yes. Yep. It's, but, and plus they've been here. Oh yeah. This is what they normally do. They normally have the one seed. One seed, so it is not like, it's not something they're not used to. Now, last year was different. They were the three seed ended up having to take that show on the road. But one thing we learned about the, the Kansas City Chiefs, it doesn't matter.


Yeah. They got one five and as long as you got one five and you got Big Red Andy calling them plays, they good. You got a chance. They Good. Dav Smith said when Vik, when the Vikings needed darn the most, he vanished 14 to three point season if you're going to Cancun a week after everyone else. Yeah. He just, he didn't have, you know, look, he didn't have a whole lot of time. But sometimes you just look and I mean Sam darling's what Sam is, He's a guy. He, he's not gonna make a whole lot of plays outside the play sheet. What you call, he can operate. He's not like Lamar, he's not like Pat Mahomes.


He's not like Josh Allen. Right. He's not a guy that's gonna be able to get off script. And if, you know, something breaks down, he's gonna be able to make it work. That's not who he is. OCHO Yeah. And you gotta be, you gotta understand that, just understand who he is. He had a phenomenal season. But the question is, do you believe he could replicate that? If you do, do you believe this was an anomaly or this is the new norm? I think it's a new norm. Okay. Yeah, I think it's the new norm because of what he has around him. I always say a quarterback is as good as his supporting cast. Unless you are special tier one quarterback that can elevate the players around you, regardless of you on your team. So as long as you got Addison and Hawkinson and Justin Jefferson and Aaron Jones, you will be just fine.


What we got here, Justin, rod Vikings need to let Sam walk like they did Keenan for Mike. Evan should be all pro every year. He must see tv. NFL needs to add more spots to the roster. Well, I mean, they've added a slot. They take a fullback now. It used to be two running backs and the fullback never got added. They have a slot db. So I mean I don't They got a what? They got edge. They got edge rushers. It used to be just dns and, and so it was, it's always, it was two middle linebackers, three outside linebackers, two dns, three DNS, and 3D tackles.


I think that's how it used to be OCHO with three safeties and, and three corners. Because it, it used to, I think that's how it was. But you know, they did away, even the Pro Bowl OCHO used to, they used to take three running backs. Yeah. Like, okay, if you take three running backs, who block it? So you want Barry to block for Emmy or you want Emmy to block block for Barry. You ain't about to get no rush yards. Right. Just say it. I'm just letting you know. You just know you gonna throw it. And it used to be all the left tackles. Now you know you got a right, a right tackle that could be at all pro. Because it used to be all left tackles that were all pros. The left some Right. Tackle had some phenomenal season.


Right. But for the most part it was left tackles. But now they take that but Walk Dog 44 tail Prime to hire y'all. If he goes to the Cowboys, hopefully he won't take the, he won't take the job. He ain't gonna hire me. He already know I talked to him too, but he know me. I want no part of coaching. Yes. On nobody's style. Don't hire me. Let me come play for veteran minimum. Samuel Griffith. Hey Nightcap just received some of the new Nightcap gear for my birthday. If you're a Bengals G would you trade Jam Mar Chase for Travis Hunter? Hell no.


You need a guy that's gonna produce the points and you're not, ain't nobody gonna trade you. Ain't nobody gonna trade. Because first of all, why would you do that? You weaken your offense if you do that. Like, like Ocho said, you may, you know, try to make a deal to try to go get Jaire. I mean, it's gonna cost you, but no, I'm not trading, I'm not trading Chase for Hunter. Mario. Rubio Shannon, where would you rank in terms of tight end ojo? Where would you land as all time? Receiver? I'm top five.


That was my final laugh. So I'm going with that Top time. I'm, I'm 85th. I, I don't know. I'll let y'all rank. All I know is I got everything I could outta my ability. I played as hard as I can every time I could, every time I stepped on the field, I tried to represent the Sharp family. My, my grandma, my family, my brother, my sisters. I tried to represent the Broncos or the Ravens. I tried to represent the fan base that I was representing. I got all I could. I squeezed the, I squeezed this orange and got every drop. Yeah. And then when I couldn't have no more juice, I ate the, I ate the orange and then I used the orange peel possess.


I had nothing left. Yeah. So wherever the fan base wanna rang me or whoever's ranking it have at it. But I love my career. Yeah, for sure. Head Seventh round draft, kick pick. I seventh round pick from an HBCU Pro Football Hall of Fame. My number is up in the stadium without crest beside it. I think I did. Okay. So whatever, whatever, whatever they say I am, I say top five. But if you wanna say I'm somewhere between top 10, I can deal with that too. Yeah, man, I don't Jone justice chap.


My dog wags his tail when he sees must be the dog person or something. Yep. I love animals. Animals love me. Yeah. I need it. Like I said, I'm gonna give a farm Mocho. I want me a, I really want me a mini cow. A mini goat, A mini horse and a raccoon. Well if you going, if you gonna have a farm, you gonna need more than four animals. I ain't gonna have that kind of farm. Well, you just said a farm, it's only one kind of farm. No, no, no, no. That's a farm. You talking about a ranch? Oh, you want a mini farm to go with your many animals? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gimme like, gimme like two, gimme like an anchor or two. Okay, okay. I like that. I like that. Huh?


They got friends. So the cow be a friend to the goat, the goat be friend to the horse. And then I gotta keep tied. T's gonna be chasing them. No Teddy chasing him. Tyler's gonna be like whatever. Right. Dr. Frankie l belly, me doc. What it do? Do you think you love animals so much because they show you unconditional love? I'm sure it is challenging trying to find someone who loves, loves you as deeply and unconditional as as you want them to. Mm. I just, I mean, growing up around animals, ocho I've always, I've always, I've always had this love with animals. Right. I've always said that if I ever came in, this is some money I'm gonna have. I'm gonna have pets. I've had dogs since 1992.


Yeah. And then when I got in the apartment, they wouldn't let me have the dog. 'cause I had two rottweilers. I let my sister take them. And then at that point in time, I started renting the house. And so I've had a, I've had dogs. We grew up with dogs. My grandmother, we had dogs. Now we didn't treat the dogs like, like I treat my dogs now and you know, Peter don't get mad, but they was tied up under a shed. They, they, they wasn't walking around. Right. My grandfather, my uncle and them had hunting dogs that we had in pens. You know, we had, they had black and tan, they had red bones, had blue ticks, T walkers, things like that. You know, bloodhounds not a bloodhound, Mr. Grant Hunt had a bloodhound, but they had hunting dogs.


Yeah. You know, my grand or my uncles, they were big hunters. My grandfather used to have dogs, but we had, I, I think he only had one by the time I was around named Joe Boy. But I've always, I love pets. Yes. No matter, I, I mean, I yell at Titus and he'd get upset and he'll go get in his pen and I say, I'm sorry bro, I didn't mean to yell at you. And he come out, he's just as happy. Teddy don't care. You yell at Teddy Teddy's like Go get go with his pajamas on. He ain't pay you no attention. Right. You know what it is, doc?


I haven't devoted the kind of time to the relationship. Like I have other things. That's my problem. That's in the nutshell, Joe. I Like that. That's it. That's It. But you, they try to doc, try to make me get emotional. Elijah Moses. Hey Uncle Ojo. Second day. Second day. My 24 2 days is my 24th birthday. Can I get a shout out? Some advice for being in sports media if the Eagles don't win the Super Bowl?


Does Sequan not getting the record? More of a disappointment. Well, happy early birthday. Hopefully you do something fun. You got something mapped out, bro. When you get into this space, just understand what you're gonna have to sacrifice. You see sports are played on the weekends, they're also played during the holidays. Are you gonna be okay being away from your family? Is that okay? And sometimes people forget that. Like, I wanna do this, the X, Y, and Z, but do you understand what comes along with X, Y, and Z? Yeah. They're gonna have to be sacrifices that you're gonna have to make. And if you're not willing to make that sacrifice, you don't deserve to be successful. So that's, that's what I tell people that want to get into the media space, is that you do understand that sports happen on the weekend, holidays, Thanksgiving, Christmas, new Year.


Are you willing to give that up? Are you willing to sacrifice that? Then do your partner understand that? That's what you're gonna have to sacrifice? So, yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be more disappointment if they don't win the Super Bowl. Hell, it's gonna be disappointing if you didn't win the Super Bowl, because that's still because I believe you could had both. Yeah. See, it's, they're not mutually exclusive. That don't mean, because if he got the record, he wouldn't win the Super Bowl and if he win the Super Bowl, he didn't, he couldn't have got the record. Why couldn't he get both? He could have, yes. Yes. Tremendous said, Hey, uncle Ocho. Tamara is also my birthday. Can I get a shout out?


Also, do you believe certain quarterback, like Lamar only get judged by what they do in the playoffs? Tremendous. Happy birthday, man. Early birthday. If you're on the East Coast, it's your birthday now. No, all quarterbacks, that's Lamar caliber get judged by what they do in the playoffs, because that's the ultimate test is the playoffs. That's the, that's the, the highest test that you can take Coach Joe. It's like your, you a, you a a, you are a fourth year law student. Yeah. And you gotta take the highest test to, So you know, you gotta pass the bar. The playoffs is the bar and you keep taking it and taking it until you pass it. Yeah. So no Lamar go get judged just like El, just like seven.


Elway got judged. All the quarterbacks get judged. Especially bro, you realize Lamar is, is I, I believe he's gonna be a three time league. MBP Crazy work. Three. Yes. Yes. Randy. A lot US Uncle Ocho. My lady's birthday, her name is Elizabeth. Would you guys please give her a shout out? She's a real one. Also been also, when do the ticket for the show at the drafting Green Bay go on sale. We'll get to that Happy birthday Elizabeth. Randy wanted us to shout you out, let you know you are real One that you down, you hold him down.


And he greatly, greatly appreciates that. And we appreciate you watching Randy. Hopefully you have Elizabeth watching us with her. No tickets at this point, right? No tickets at this point. He's live. Yeah, we, we'll be live, but we'll let you know what's going on, Randy. As, as it gets looked, we're gonna know something here in the next month. We ain't gonna leave. We we're not gonna leave you high y Randy. We promise. We promise. Thank you guys. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for watching. Y'all know me. I'm your favorite. Aunt Shannon, that guy, Liberty City legend, Binga Ringer, Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button.


Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. You see OCHO got his Nightcap hoodie on to zip up every subscriber. Go subscribe guys. Check this out. You guys have been so faithful so long and he got the plan. Oh, so he got the outfit on. Yeah, he got the whole ensemble drip out. Drip out. Yeah, you drip out. You drip out. Thank you guys for your support and your continued support because, because of you we're allow, allowed to do what we do. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock and the holidays celebrate. Somebody's gonna be very happy. We're gonna make sure you have something to celebrate and what better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Porter.


Now if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, just order and we will ship it directly to your door So you have it in time for your big celebration. And please, please, Drake responsibly, go subscribe to the Humble Baddies YouTube page. The link is pinned in our chat right now. Ra Ashley, Alexis and Alexis, their show is now up under the Sheshe Media umbrella. We produced the show. They have creative control and we distribute it. So this is Rel and her, her girls. Yeah. No, it's not a, it's not a, it's not my as, it's a different ad.


So I knew its, I guess what and my clothing go follow the She She Media Company page on all of its platforms. And my clothing company 84 produced the, the outfit, the No, your Hands on the New Sweats shirts, coozies, Venus and Mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there, you don't wanna miss it. We got big guests coming on. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap with nominated for outstanding podcasts, art, sports and Entertainment Club.


Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for you guys. The link is pending Our social bios. Make sure you tune in for Wednesday show. We're gonna try something a little different. We got a couple special guests that's gonna join us because Ocho and I, we constantly trying to evolve. We're constantly trying to do, try to add. And so give our viewing and listening audience something to digest, something to chew on. And so we, we think you're gonna really like this. Let us know what you think. We take all feedback, positive, negative, negative, and otherwise. But this is what it's about. We gonna try to constantly, always evolve, push the envelope, make sure we try to educate you, inform you as well as entertain.


And the Rams, they move on to face the Philadelphia Eagles with a demolition job over the Minnesota Vikings 27 to nine, the Rams defense sack Sam Donald. Nine times forced to fumble, scoop and score as they win. Going away 21 to nine, the Vikings finished the season 14 and four. The Rams move on to face the Eagles on Sunday. Should be a very interesting game. Thank you for joining us for Night. I'm Ocho We will see you Wednesday night. Thank you again for joining us.


The Volume


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a round up of the weeks top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and Nan's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.