
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your Once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love,


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life. As a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura Podcast Network.


Hey. Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge, time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 IQ fives, SE SEL limited rear wheel drive, and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Iion X six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty Stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, ooo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


The Volume,


the 82 game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope wire. Text open Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See cdk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm a role sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex role? Sparks can help sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready. Normal waiting for that pill to kick in. Plus, Rose Sparks stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get aroused, hey, whew. You get hard without waiting. With role sparks, guys can get more confidence in band, more satisfaction for their partners and more control when it's sexy time. RO connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor if approved treatment ships directly to the door to find out if prescription for Sparks are right for you. Connect with a provider at ro.co/nightcap url. That's ro.co/nightcap.


Okay, Ocho, it's time to introduce our next guest. He's an Atlanta native. Went to Westlake High School, one of the Heisman Trophy. Who at Auburn University. Let's put some hands together. Y'all. My P Hold on. Hold on. I'm gonna let y'all offend, but this is my city man. A TN. What's good? Yeah. Do what you do. Yeah, I'm home. I smell what A black and mouths and bide from the Hi baby.


Good to see you. I'm good. Good nephew. You good? Yeah. Yeah. Well you clean. Why you clean bro? Huh? Good man. This ain't y'all look good tonight. Yeah. Yeah. Cam wait. Make us ever home. Make us ever home. You know? You know when you playing football Ocho you know, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah. You know when you make a play right, you get to looking in the crowd. It's so dark out there. I can't really make eye contact with nobody, you know what I mean? But you know when you make a play Yes sir. Score touchdown. Right?


You look in the crowd and be like, Hey, tighten up. Y'all saw that Ty tying up what's good in the city? Everything. Everything. I don't even know the fly just got here man. But I'll tell you this. In front of the, in front of the people. Appreciate you. Yes sir. Appreciate that. No lie. Because where I'm at in my life, I look at you as a vessel of hope and you give me the hope to be able to talk how I want to talk, dress, how I want to dress and speak my mind.


And that Atlanta gonna come outta every single time. Yeah, absolutely. So when people say, or they have they opinions about me, I look at Shannon, uncle Shannon, uncle Shay as that person that say he's doing it. So why can't I? So thank you brother. Appreciate that. Appreciate that. We're good to see you boy. Huh? Hey, I gotta call you out on some shit too. Ocho like, call him out. That what you do. Ocho been acting brand new, bro. Hey, you acting light skinned bro. You know? Yeah. You acting light skinned me.


You had go light skin, you get some good manan over that guy. Some good. Who? Every Manan Ion. What'd that mean? Okay. Okay, let's play a game. What that what? What does That mean? Listen, we ain't never rehearsed this. Right. On a count of three, what does Manan mean? 1, 2, 3. Oh yeah, I'm getting that. Well, I'm getting That. I'm getting that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But listen, listen, I'm getting it right, but I ain't spinning it so ain't nothing change. It's still coming in. But I'm still pretending like I'm broke.


I swear for God because this shit ain't real. That's ca he Cathy, y'all, I Ain't gonna lie to you, but this ain't real. But see I told you listen ca see, You think Well you were good Vanessa, but I thought, I would've thought if I ain't known any better, I would've thought you were from Atlanta. I would've not. Because there's some jus there's some finess. There's some scammers. All we need is an opportunity and some time. Hold on, hold on hold. We'll talk our way outta anything speaking. I still be scamming there. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie to you. I still, I know 'cause the light's hitting it. It look good, don't it? Yeah. Shit. This ain't just from the lab, nigga. Nah, You fix the going, you now fool's gone Straight from the lamb. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Where, where did, where did this cam do?


The cam knew with the hat, the bow ties. The ascots, the, the, the look. Every day. I asked this man, I was on, he, he did my podcast about, about three months ago. I said, cam, you do this every day. He like Unc every day. I say, hold on, what if you not going nowhere important Every day. Yeah. You, I mean, listen, it's in you. It ain't on you. You see what I'm saying? Come on with that. When you got that expectation for yourself, and I'm, I'm open about, you know, every night I lay my clothes out. Yeah. That's just, if I got something to do now, if I'm going to my son game, I still gotta, you know what I'm saying?


You gotta play on, I got a step. I mean, I ain't never played today. I pledged me by me, but other than them, I got a step. I'm talking about big boots, steel toe porn, star stepping. You like that. So at this, at the same time, when I'm dressing up, it, it, it's, no, it is nothing that I don't feel like I could not make. Go. And then this is what they gonna say, but he done too much. That's cool, baby. You just ain't doing enough. You see what I'm saying? Like, while I'm going through my clothes and I'm saying, Ooh, that's gonna go with that, that's going to do with this.


Never ever, ever, ever, ever, did it ever register in my mind to say, today I'm just gonna blend in. Right. Right. Or I'm just going to just be a backup dancer. Right, right. Or I'm putting this together because somebody might like it. I like it. I don't give a damn what y'all like, I'm still waiting on a day that somebody dressed just like me on the same outfit I was watching the receiver documentary and Las Vegas, Devonte, Devonte Adams and Mad Max. Max Crosby wore the same outfit twice. He fought two.


Like, he was disappointed. You see why it's so, but when you're talking about clothes, it's different. It is so many clothes that exist for us to all say we going to wear the same thing. And I'm like, bro, just because you got money and your outfit is expensive, that don't mean you got style. Style. Come on now. Come on now. It just, it just don't Now you know, you gotta just, you gotta be able to put it on. Now. I'm, lemme just stop right there. Yako. No, you, you good. Listen, you, the thing about you is you unique in everything that you do.


Your style and your creativity is your vision and your eyes. That's what separates you from everybody else. And it's been that way for a very, very long time. So you can do it and you can get away with it because of the way you carry yourself. Like you always say, it's not what's on you, it's what's in you. Everybody can't do what? Cam Newton. Do you have the confidence to be able to pull that shit off? Everybody got everybody else. Most of the time, 90% of the time, they gotta look like the mannequin. They, they ain't got no choice. They gotta look like the mannequin. They just care too much. They kill what people think about 'em. They just care too much. See, this is the thing, like when I pray to my God, as long as me and him good, what I gotta Right?


Please Don. I like, I'm locked in with them. So it's so many people that just, they try to feel out. I don't need nobody. But you caring about how many likes you got. Mm. I don't, I don't care. I don't care if you like it, I don't care if you comment, but y'all need to go subscribe to my YouTube. But the reality of it all is like, bro, I, I've always idolized the thinking of these two individuals, old people and babies. Mm. Because they gonna keep it a butt with you.


If your breath's stinking. Oh baby, come here real quick. Lemme get you a peppermint. It's humming a little bit. Honey. You know, if something is a defect with you, my son gonna say, excuse me sir, why you don't have, so it's just in him. Yeah. And, and he does. We are taught to care. Once we unteach that from ourselves, that's the thing about life. We all are uniquely our own version of our best selves. So why should somebody else dictate how you should do what you do? So I know you heard what Brady said.


Brady said the quarterback play has been subpar because they dumbed it down was Cam Newton's take. Because you know, if you'd have said that it'd been trending and they'd been coming at be better, give it up. Why he hating this, that, and the third, like, man, it's, it's, it's truth. But we pick and choose who we want to take advice from. True. Hey, I'm gonna let that marinate. It depend on, sometimes they hate the message, the message depending on the messenger. Like real talk. So when I say what I say, it is how I feel.


I really been good at football. God has blessed me to be good at football since the ovaries. You see what I'm saying? Yes. And at Westlake, I was good at football. Right? When I went to Florida, I was five star athlete. When I went to Juco, I was a five star athlete. When I went to Auburn, when I went to Auburn, she didn't get it. We ain't on the same wifi you were supposed to every single time I said that you was, you supposed to say walk, you did. When I went to our, it's two pieces going there. And then when I went to the NFL, like bro, like I've really been good at football for a long time.


So my insight and my take is something that is always in question. I'm like, how, you know why? Tell me why. Well, hey, here's the thing. Tell me why. The thing is what you do is that you tell it how you see it. Tom even said he was on Stephen a's podcast and he said he can't always be as honest as he would like to be because they have family. And plus Cam, lemme tell you the reason why. When you do what Tom does, if you're too honest, they won't do press. They won't do production meetings with you. It's hard to get information and talk about what's gonna happen if they don't sit down with you. Well, I I'm glad you said that earlier this year.


You said across a person that said in 2024, the truth going to be exposed. Yeah. So I don't care. It is no right way. And for anybody who has somebody going through this, I'm just trying to make a point here. There's no right way to tell a person you got cancer. Right? The truth is the truth. And, if you telling me what I think and I know it to be the truth, I gotta tell it how it is. I'm not gonna sit up there. You want the job or not? What job? The job that fed to Brady. 37 million a year. You want that job, sir? I want the truth. Okay. Well, Kev, I'm gonna be honest with you. You not gonna get that job. That's cool. I gotta be honest with you. Okay? Now also be honest, it ain't a lot of us that's really getting that type of money in the first place.


So, well what about 10 million? Huh? What about 10 million? It never was ever presented. Who's making that? But I'm saying look there. I mean, you know, Troy makes that kind of money, what you call 'em. They took his money down. You got Greg Olson. He was making 10 in the entry. Hold on. You forgot Tony Romo. Oh, Tony Romo making 19, making 17, 20. Decline over y'all Here. I know what you said. Well say it then. Who is us? It's me. It's me. 'cause when I sit up here and I say this saying right here, I love the Buckhead Theater. This is really nice. But the truth of the matter is why I grew my hair, the way I grew my hair and the way I stand up for what I stand for. It's like I want to impact not just Buckhead, but Bankhead too.


Yeah. Because when I look at the water boys giving me money and they sitting up here telling me, Hey bit bro, help me out bit bro. I'm gonna take the time to let them know you done passed up seven to eight other cars just to get to my car. Now if you was a real businessman, that $5 or that $2 or that $8 or that $2 or that 50 cents would've probably added up to the same $20 that you trying to scruffle from me. And I'm the seventh car. But when I keep it a big buck, all cam is bitter again. And I'm like, no, cam is just a individual that has understood. I know exactly who I am and I know exactly what you trying to do.


I'm just not going to allow you to do that. So you can make the money and still be who you are. They just, well, I heard a quote the other day that said, changer. Changer. Keep it rid of bull. Keep it a above. I'm trying to, I'm trying to filter it. 'cause now you got me thinking everybody knows who they are. But in any type of negotiation, they don't expect you to know who you are. Hmm. Hold on, nigga. Hold on, hold on.


Now bring that to me again. Slow. Everybody knows who they are. All Right. Stop right there. Okay, come on. But in any type of negotiation, they hope that you don't know who you are because if you know your worth, you already know you trying to give me $300,000 to cover sports and I know I'm going to bring a whole different outlook to it, and I'm gonna make y'all ratings soar through the roof and do all this and do all that. And you still trying to play me. And it is hard to watch the person who you paying more than me and you're trying to get, come on, bro.


I'm good. That's what y'all, I got a question for you. When you, when you hear people say, I know my value, or you hear people say, I know my worth. So whatever you believe your worth of value is, is only as good as what someone is willing to pay for it. So what do you do when it comes to that, knowing your worth and knowing your value. But how do you get someone to buy into what that is? No, it's, it's not that. They're not just, they're not used to seeing me in this space. See what I'm saying? So this is the thing. This is why you impact and and, and inspired me so much.


See, the ESPN sh sharp is a whole different sh sharp than what you see on Club Shesha. And definitely from nightcap. And, and then let me get there. Yeah. Let me, I'm trying to drive. Okay bro. I'm just trying to drive, man, we in at ahead. You know what I mean? You feel me? You know what I mean? I'm trying to drive and that person is extremely different. Yes. Sitting from blue screen and blue screen with Chad Martavia Johnson ocho. Like no. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah, for sure. Like those three people are different. Yeah. So for me, I've mimicked to the best of I know.


Now I know how, so I see, okay. Funky Friday is Club Sheha. Okay. Right? Yeah. You got nightcap what me and my dog Peggy do on fourth and one. That's nightcap. Okay. I just ain't got no ESPN deal yet. But see, that's my, see that's where you gotta have to pivot. Remember what I said? No, but no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Listen Linda, you don't wanna be on tv. No, he don't wanna be on tv. No, no, no, no, no, no. See, this is the thing. Okay, I'll put it like this. So when I do my stream, I just been streaming within the last 30 days.


Right. I beat you to that. But bro, I stream and there's 30,000 people watching my stream. Yes, that's good. So I'm gonna dumb it down again for you. I'm like, you ask like, knowing your value. It's not, not that, I don't know. It's just I haven't been able to prove to y'all. I know who I am. I know who he is too fast. Just trust and believe, like once that Volume of content gets the right three to five times a week.


Hold on. We talked about that, didn't we? Come on now we talked about that. I'm trying to tell you it's a plan, it's a means to the madness. I'm, I'm not, you can't treat me like a backup singer when it is giving Justin Timberlake, you know what I'm saying? It is giving Beyonce knows, you dig it is giving David Ruffin. I'm, I'm like, you see what I'm saying? Yeah. And when you talk like that, they be like, see, there you go. He trying to be, but listen, I never wanted to blend in. Right. I know who I am and I know how to connect with people. See, the thing that they don't want to tell you is I got a degree.


You see what I'm saying? Yes, sir. Like, sociology is something that the study of people like, I really am intrigued. So when I'm talking to a person and I'm really trying to get into understanding that person. See, I don't go off the, all the branches of the tree, even though they may be green, they be bread or burgundy or orange. Oh, that's cool. I wanna get to the root. Mm. But that's a skill. So you have to look at the Dan Patricks of the world. You have to look at the Oprah Winfields of the world. You have to look at the David Lettermans of the world, the Shannon Sharps of the world, and, and take all these different styles of, of, of the art, of conversating and apply it to your own.


'cause now for me, I've always tried to be the modern day Arsenio Hall. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And just bringing it with a twist. So I look at streaming now where I have 30 plus thousand people in a two to three hour span. And I'm saying like, yo, all this is is a radio show. Yeah. But you, when you look at it like that, it's like, okay, I have a more direct to consumer Yeah. Body of work rather than that. So once, whoever, it doesn't matter what platform sees the value in that. We We'll cut the check then.


Right? I heard you saw you. I was you said it. And I wanna know what your thinking was. You said you was disappointed that your former coach was there when you got there. Y'all came in together. If I'm not mistaken, Ron Rivera didn't call you. Yeah. When he was in Washington. Why did that upset you so much? That was my dog. Like, we've been through so much. I always hear his voice in my head. Yeah, kiddo. You know, man, this, that, like, I say this respectfully. He raised me and I raised him.


He was a rookie head coach. I was a rookie player. I was not going to allow him to fail in Carolina. Not under my watch. Right. 'cause there's the oath. And as it, it's just in us as athletes that when somebody takes a chance on you, no matter what round it is, you feel obligated to give. 'cause they, no matter what you wanna say, they've allowed you the opportunity to take care of your bloodline. So when, what was happened or what had happened in Carolina with me and Coach Rivera, we had numerous talks and discussions about the game of football and about life.


So when I was going through the transition of being out of Carolina, I was like, yo, at least I was damn coach. And it wasn't just him. See, that's the thing. I can't blame a head coach because he may not have picking power. But Marty Herney the same thing. He was, he drafted me, right? He was in DC and he said, no, it's, I'm gonna take it a step further. The head trainer that they had, Ryan Vermilion was there. Nobody. So me going through this whole resurgence like, yo, like damn.


I kept asking my agent, I'm like, yo, they ain't called Washington. Ain't called What's going on? So maybe you weren't as close as you previously thought. Man, I'm a action person, bro. I'm an action person and I teach my children this. Man, I could tell you anything. But if I don't prove on a day-to-day basis that I love what I showed you. No. That don't mean nothing to me. Have you had a conversation with him? Have you spoken to him? No, sir. Not, not like we not, it's not no beef. And I don't want nobody to kind of take, what I'm saying is that I'm angry because there was a business decision that has to be made. And I was, and I knew I was coming off a shoulder injury.


Is is that that's all it was. It was like for me to just say, Hey kiddo, how you doing? Hey, how you feeling though? Let's come up here for a physical. Let me really do a deep dive And we can do. That's, that's, that's the relationship we had. And it was the things, and I told Coach Rivera, I was like, yo, this was in Carolina. I was like, in any short yarded situation, coach give me the fucking ball. Is that why it hurts so much, cam? Because if you think about it, cam, a lot of them damn injuries came because you stood on that heel and you, you, you fell on that sword. Yeah. And you say, man, look here after everything that I've done, at least bring your boy in.


Give me a, gimme a look over man and see and see if I'm, I'm a right, I'm a good fit, bro. I give you a golden nugget, bro. And I put this on Hattie Lou Newton. That's my heavenly angel. Or that's my earthly angel. That's my grandmother. The biggest misconception about Cam Newton was that he took a lot of hits. I didn't take a lot of hits. I delivered a lot of hits. That's not the that's not the point though. Anytime you seen me hitting somebody, I knew I was gonna win that battle. Me too. As a quarterback. As a quarterback, we have the opportunity to slide.


Slide. Right. I slid. That's not how I got hurt. I, I got hurt and I'm keeping a big buck. I got hurt in the year 2016. That year, the year before we went to the Super Bowl. Super Bowl. Correct. I caught so much Flau. So much. And rightfully so. Still to this day, cam, why didn't you jump on the fumble? Right. It was an effort thing because that's what my dad taught me. He didn't teach me skill. He just taught me effort. God gave you that. He ain't going, he not going beat you. That, that's effort. That's a mentality. That's something that's just engraved in you at a young age. It's like, I don't care how big you are, I don't give a damn how fast you are.


You just not better than me, bro. Right. That lion mentality, that's what my dad taught me. And that clip, that viral clip that people see, like Cam not jumping on a fumble. That was pussy. And that's, my dad didn't teach me that. So I was disappointed. The following year we was playing the San Diego Chargers, not the LA Chargers, the San Diego Chargers. It was a contentious play. But I, it was a in, it was a interception. And the effort in me said, I have to go make this tackle. Correct. This is not in the pocket.


This is not me running the football. This is not me. Other than, other than saying it's, it was triggering. Okay, let me show the world Right. That I'm really going to make a tackle. Ah, the guy, it was just me and the db and he had a, a person, but I was trying to push him to the sideline. Right. What happened was, when I was trying to push him to his sideline, my arm had extended. Ah, and I fell on my arm. That's where I sub your shoulder. My shoulder. When I got up, I was like, hold up. I thought, 'cause the Melvin Ingram, Mel, no. Yeah, he was, he was linebacker.


Yes. He was blocking me. And that's my dog. We gamble, you know what I'm saying? Every time he come to Atlanta, he had this, my brother's good friend was his account, like account of CPA or, or money map, whatever. The, so I was very familiar and I was like, bro, after the play, they were celebrating. I was like, dog, you damn hit my shoulder. Like, I felt it instantly, but I go back to it. It wasn't in the pocket. I wasn't running. This was me in my mind saying to myself, I have to go make this tackle. In any other situation, I would've just said, you know what, bro, the hell with it, it, it, it is what it is.


But that play is the reason why my career went downhill after that. And nobody really knew. It was like cam after injury. Right. And all the, the JJY or the TJY hit that didn't make it any better either. But it was on that same shoulder that it was, it wasn't in a pocket. It wasn't me running. It was a effort play. And this is the thing, it got called back. You got injured on the plate. That didn't even count. So the moral of the story is don't give a damn what a person may think.


'cause if you think too much about it, shit, it'd just fuck your whole life up in the first place. So that's where I was. So when anybody says the things that about it is like, bro, it's documented. Well, you can go back and I can tell you the play new lovely. I'm gonna tell you why new's experience made me the businessman that I am today. Because everything is a business there. It ain't nothing. Ain't nothing but business. Lemme tell at all. Lemme change. It ain't no friendship top. It ain't personal. Top to bottom commitment. Oh, you was, you was there. Yeah. Top to bottom, straight business. Tom Brady left. Coach Belichick left.


It is business. But no, I'm, it, it is different though. It's a real thing. When they say the Patriot way, and this is the thing about Coach Belichick that we know, but to experience it firsthand, I felt like I was in a a 365 day internship. It really wasn't three. It was like I was there, I was like a lab rat. They wanted to see if it was gonna work. It didn't work, but it was just like, yo, what I learned there, I, my challenge every morning was trying to be Belichick in the word. Right. And then when he was going on his treadmill, he would still be walking and he would still would be watching film. And he would have that iconic yellow pencil still taking notes.


I would see how he would bring different emotions out. And he was a teacher of the game. See, that's the thing that people don't understand about people in positions of pastors, coaches, teachers, or anybody. Like, you're still a teacher teach. He taught the game. Find myself in a couple team meeting rooms that, bro, he really had, if he had to give a almanac of how many players that he coached, we were watching in modern day. What was that? 2020? We was watching Lawrence Taylor film. Like he's a, he's that type of person. Like he showed John Elway film just to be able to appreciate where the game has come from.


And I appreciated that. So I I'm not gonna let nobody say man. Yeah. New England was a wide like, no bro. How I run my business now and anybody knows who work alongside me. No, bro. It's all about accountability. This bro, I fuck with you Chad, I fuck with you. But it's like, if you're not doing what you supposed to do, it's what I tell you. Yeah. Hey, yeah. Hey, we can be, we can be friends. We still be friends. You want working, working with me. But you be what that mean? Why, why, why? It's a south thing where you point and then you look. It's like a All right. Nah. But he, he's heard me say this on Nightcap. Yeah.


It's a simple way to do things. We gonna get it done. Done. We got accountability for sure. We go on vacation, we go on vacation. Now, if you don't wanna work on that time, that, that time frame, that's fine. I'll find somebody that will for sure. But guess what? Everybody wanna work on that like real talk. Like you, I've never See, this is the thing too, when you're talking about being great, sometimes you have to understand being great is boring. It is. It's very monotonous. It's like every day I gotta wake up. Same thing every day. I gotta go to work every day. I gotta wake up every day. I gotta go to work every day. I gotta wake up every day. I gotta go to work. Hey, every day I gotta wake up. Every day I gotta to go.


And this say, it's like, hey, but if I would've kept going for 10 minutes, everybody would've been like, man, all right bro, we get it. But that's, that's what being great is. It's like every single day. So you can't sit up here and do any shortcuts to the top. But the thing, when you think about anybody great that has ever did anything and sustained their greatness. Oh, for sure. Let's say it Jordan. Ah, that's not a good example for what I'm about to say. Yeah. Tiger. Ooh, Serena. I would say Peyton Brady.


No, not, not for this point. Okay. I I wouldn't say LeBron for this point, but anybody Great. Let's say Michael Jackson. They had a person to direct them em, whether they wanted to do it or not. Or you talking about the driving report to their dad. It's their father, their family. They, they underst understood Serena Daddy, I don't wanna go serve that man. Listen baby. I got plans for us to get outta Compton and it's going take you swinging this racket. Mm. Makes sense to you. Yeah. Yeah. I got you. Tiger was a phenom at five. Yeah.


Daddy, I don't want to hit puts today, baby. I got a plan to get us up outta California. Yep. And it's going take you par. Yeah. You thinking of saying Cam. Hey.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from the Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today


ET is Ryan Seacrest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said, or at least the same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free, for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now and collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Ooo, ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.


Want to teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start? Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs. And the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart


Dearest listener, allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights craft clothing. It embraces everybody's shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm snag has triumphed. Permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag tights us today.


Cam, you had a buyer mobile and we'll get you out here on this. You've been doing these camps probably since you, for f before you, you and your dad had been putting on these camps. And I remember calling your dad and your dad probably told you I said nah. I say CI ain't doing that no more because I, your dad went to Savannah State. His dad's a couple years older than me went to Savannah State. I said C man. I say, man, I'm telling about camp. He like, he like, man cam cam love them kids. Man, cam ain't gonna give that up. Have you done anything different? What have you learned from that situation? That happened exactly. It got handled.


You know, I, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Ain't do that. Ain't do that. No, but check this out though. Those weren't kids. Yes. Those were grown men. And even with that, we had history. See, that's what people don't understand. So they, they coached with you before they was under my program. Oh, okay. So when things spiraled and I'm like, bro, you know me, but you ain't never really seen that side. They didn't know that fighter camp. They've never seen that as they see the laughing and the happy go loving. But I'm saying when I flip that switch, we gonna move some fucking furniture in here and it's gonna take a lot of people to come get me up off you.


That's just the reality of it. But I was disappointed at how he was coming at me and I didn't see the other person who also was under my program that I was like, bro, what's happening here? You know what I'm saying? So it's not, it wasn't about the kids. 'cause anybody who who knows me understand I can't stop. 'cause when I stop I may appease to Buckhead. But what about Bankhead? These kids have to understand. 'cause when I grew up, Pacman, Omar Carroll, Batman, these guys was the only people that I saw come from where I came from that made it to the league.


Eric Berry was a person who, we was in the same trajectory. I'm like, bro, this is my way out. I never seen where I'm from a doctor ride around in the Rolls Royce. Right? Pacman came to my school in the Rolls Royce. So I'm like, what does he do? Oh, he played football. Be I seen some other Rolls Royces, And. we not gonna tell you what the profession that they did. And me growing up in church, I was like, you gotta do what? Nah, I do that. But that is what was the, the whole thing. So I, my whole allegiance of who I am as a person, say what you want, but I'm gonna be out there with them kids.


I, I have to, because when I was growing up in Atlanta, and still to this day say this with all due respect, but Michael Vick was a god to me. Yeah. Girl, you still live in Atlanta? No. Like, like you don't know Baby d You don't know Michael Vick. Like I know Michael Vick. I literally, and I told Vic this, I was like, bro, I spent my last 50 cent. My, we had 50 cent and it was 10 cents for lunch. My mama would gimme 50 cents to get her to lunch lady. Right. I spent my last 50. I didn't eat for a week because of the book fail.


It cost 50 cents to get his poster. So I had to finesse my way to eat, but I couldn't fines. But it had like cybersecurity at that, you know, you couldn't finesse that poster. I spent my last 50 cents on that Michael v poster on that Michael Vick poster. Yeah. And I would see every day visualizing myself to how that per and for him to be in Atlanta, if he would've threw a camp, if he would've made himself accessible. Not to say he didn't. I just, I just never had that opportunity to touch a person. No home. Just, but just to be around a person and to ask real questions that that's needed.


And, and for the people who do give back, giving back and philanthropy comes in many different forms. Mine is being with these kids and when they ask questions like, man, coach, what's the first thing you bought? Like real chalk. Like man, twin, cold. Hey, you ever been to Magic City? What the more money you ever spent in there or spent in there? Like, That's a spa, you know? Yeah. It, it is the, it is the lingo. You know what I'm saying? But it's one, it's one of them things that I can't, I like, I don't know nobody that's doing what I'm doing.


And, if you are, man, my hat goes off to you. I spend a lot of money. If I were to take this business plan and gave it to, you know, my financial advisor, he would've been like, bro, what are you doing? You're losing too much money on something that you're not getting back. It's like a return on your investment. It's not getting no ROI. Yeah. Right. No, but what I am getting is like every person who's came through the C one n Cam, Newton Foundation, they know, bro, I seen, oh Cam there like, bro, you ride his Ferrari, his Lamborghini, his Rolls Royce, his family van, he ride all, all his old schools coach. Why you do that? 'cause I want y'all, I know what y'all boys like, because gotta look like it for y'all.


'cause you ain't gotta rob and steal and sell drugs, bro. Mm. You ain't gotta do that. You can have a podcast. That's it. Like me. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? So it's so much purpose in me. And so for somebody to say what they wanna say, it's like, bro, you ain't, you ain't, you ain't from one front bro. 'cause if you was, you would understand, bro, there's some trenches out here and these kids, they got no hope. So for you to see that, for you to give them that, that's of his utmost importance for the growth of our ecosystem. Thank you. I like it. Ladies and gentlemen, your very own Atlanta native Cam.


Newton. Thank you guys. Give it up for Cam. Newton, Man. I've been waiting on this segment all night. Okay. Rolls to help couples have great sex. Sometimes that means using Rose Sparks. They are fast acting ed treatment that dissolves under your tongue.


But sometimes it means asking your partner the right questions. So what we're gonna do is a little game called Sex or Next. So ladies Ocho and I want you to know that it's your turn on men. So if you have some sexy ideas, step up to these mics. And. we will grade those ideas. We'll say Sex or Next. So ladies, I think we got 'em lined up to the mic. Single fo line. Give us your best ideas, what you do to entice your mate to, let's get this a Where are the mics? Where are they? Hold on. What world is you?


Okay, there's the bike. Okay, we got the ladies. Oh, okay. Okay. Somebody's up here. You see? Can you sit up there with y'all? Huh? Okay ladies, come on. Step to the bike. What y'all do to get to to, you know Everybody. Oh, they shy. Y'all scared? What's cold as hell in here? Shit. Hey, I want y'all. Amen. Take the red pill. Oh, she stepping to the bite. You stepping. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Mr.


They call it sparks for a reason. Knock fire from them. I ain't had the spider bite yet. Alright, Let's go, let's go. Alright. This coming from the mod squad, so we had to get out here. Okay. Alright. This is hon and Dr. Frankie, I had to do the dare. Okay, so we call this a ice cream sundae. Ooh, Look at Ocho. Look at how you looking Ocho I know you gonna like this. I need, hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. I need a pen. I need a pen and paper.


Just get your phone and push press voice record. So what? Go ahead. I'm listen. Go ahead. What you're gonna do, you're gonna take the whipped cream, put it around it. Oh, I used that. I used that too. Put a little Hershey syrup on it and then you're gonna put the cherry on top and then you're gonna let your mouth do what it do. Damn. Okay. Sex, Sex, sex, Sex, sex. And. we gotta, oh, we gotta get you there though, man. Yeah, Man. Huh? Because long time ago I told you about using the whipped cream and you were like, nah, I ain't doing that. I ain't doing that. I don't do that. But see, you was talking about putting the whipped cream somewhere else. She ain't say do all that.


Yes she did. You been doing too much? No. Hold up. You, where you think the cherry goes? She talk about the cherry, the cherry sit on the goddamn, The cherry on top. He had one of the more roast sparks. So it's on top. The Cherry. Oh, I, Oh, I would think about, Yeah, you don. Okay, Okay, okay. I would think about the other. Yeah. Okay, okay, Okay. I got, see I told you, don't y'all be doing too much, y'all. I got you. That's A good one. That's a good one. I mean, I'ma, I'ma use that. Oh yeah, I'ma use That. Oh, that was a good one there. That was a good one there. Oh damn. Top. Okay, come on. Come on. Yo. Yo. What's up uncle Ken? I Got an idea. Right? Okay.


So What you gotta do is you gotta surprise him. Right? Okay. So you can't just tell 'em everything up front. Right. You gotta let 'em know what's going on without letting them know what's going on. And so what you do is you tell them, be ready at this time. Okay? You've got the dress for them, okay? You got the car for them. Yeah. And you know what they eat and don't eat Right. And what we doing after? Ooh, What'd you like, Ojo? Next, Next. Get that Shit outta here, man. Fuck you talking about, man, Boy. Hey, the women were quick with that one. They're like next. I mean, hey. I mean, it was, it was cute. Hey, she set me up.


She set me up. It was cute, it was thoughtful, but come on. That shit ain't finna work in 2024. Next. Alright, we got what? Right here, ocho. Black hat. Black hat. Okay, so I'm gonna speak for the ladies and the men, okay? Okay. All right. So y'all put is is, is that like a cold red or, I can't speak to provocative, but You ain't never seen our show. You you want? Yeah, we grown up in here. We Grown up in, okay. Okay. Provocative. So if you a lady, right? Yeah. And you like anal, please raise your hand. Woo.


I see. But I see. No, I, But I see no hands. I see no hands again. And you like raise your hand. You ain't by yourself. You ain't by yourself. I know you ain't by yourself, but go ahead. Okay. Okay. Okay. So the name of the segment is Sex or Next Sex. Sex Or Next. Okay. There's no ladies, so I'm gonna speak for the men. Okay? Come on. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I went here the lady one. Go do the lady one. Go ahead. But I have No Don Don't worry. But don't worry about them. They shy. You know how black folk is?


Yeah. Yeah. You real? Yeah, yeah. I'm really liking you. I'm digging you. But I have no ladies to stand for me. Ladies, come on. What Am I doing? Okay. Okay. I I have a lady. Okay, Yeah. There we go. We got, yeah, there you go. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so I'm gonna speak for the ladies in the men. Okay? So when you are, I'm gonna speak, like I said, I'm gonna speak for the men and the ladies. Come on. Alright. So, so when you are giving anal, okay? Right? Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. How we get to the anal part first? How we, how we start?


You gotta take Yeah. How we, how we coach that outta you? Yeah. Instruct, I mean instructions. Yeah. I mean there's different ways we can do spit. We can do lube it, spit. Yeah. Okay. Talk to it, I guess ho to it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Listen, Lemme get to it. Okay. And do we gotta, I mean, do we gotta like promise you something? We gotta promise you a bracelet, a necklace, money, A trip. You know, when a lady like, Hey Shannon, gimme my bag. When a lady light, when a lady light, she like what? He like talking. So when a man is giving anal, okay, okay. When a lady is getting anal.


So you know, everybody don't like anal like that, but you know. But no, listen. Oh, hold On. Listen, hold On, hold on. She gonna help you listen, let her help you. Listen. She gonna help you listen. It's not always easy. So when you, when you getting anal, it's always easier when there's something on the click. Right? Okay. Right, right, right, right, right, Right, right. So you can tell the difference between getting and giving anal when there's something on the click, yes or no, yes or no, yes or no. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


So you know the difference between just giving anal and the difference between talk Y'all, you gonna help Now y'all? No, no, no. Okay. Hold on. Let her help you. She got, come on. Excuse. What's your name? What's your name? My name is Lyrics. I have a sex podcast called Coochie Cocktails and I specialize in it. So honestly, I consider myself as sex experts. And I don't know, I like anal, but I feel like when you stimulate the clit, you know it's easier when you relax.


So the booty hole open up or you can get something called, you can go to Tokyo Valentino. And there's a thing called Rush And. if you smell it. Wait, wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. What? What It's called, It's called Rush. Where? Where you get it? What's the website? Tokyo Valentino up the street. Hold on, let me tag, hold on. Write this down. Right on the street. High close. Seven minutes. Seven minutes. Okay. What time they close? They 24 hours. And they got a sex club at the bottom. Oh Bitch, What They do? Hold on. They got a glory hole in there. They Do. Oh Bye.


Why are we still sitting here? Did you hear what she said? 24 hours. Sex club. Glory hole. Why you trying to get me in trouble, boy? Oh, I don't know to tell you. Did Cam say he can't worry about what nobody else say? I came here by myself. But Guys, no listen, we didn't get the sex or not because I didn't. Sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex. Sex. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Sex. You got anybody else up top? Hey, what was the name of your show? What? Hey Coochie Coochie What? Coochie Cocktail.


Coochie Cocktail Cooch Cocktails. I'll be, I'm gonna subscribe for sure. Coochie Cocktail. You got a, you got a subscriber? You got a friend Cocktail. Lord have mercy. Hold On. What's the name of the, the place Cock? Oh, I don't know what she said. Coochie Cocktail. I lost, I went blank. Tokyo Valenti. Tokyo what? Tokyo Valentino Four Hours, 24 hours outside. Huh? Heat up. Huh? Seven minutes away. Oh It ain't no traffic. Might be five ocho.


Don't Worry about it. I'm gonna stock up right after this. Woo. How y'all doing tonight? Y'all good? Y'all enjoying this show so far? Okay, you got something my man? For you? Yeah, I got something for you. I got something for you. All right, so this for self pleasure. So I'm gonna teach you, I already gonna go in my bag of tricks, but if you sit on your hands, wait for 'em to get numb and beat your meat and feel like somebody else doing it.


Hey Jordan, I ain't heard I Put y'all on game now. That one 'em a secret. So get up, get up to the coochie cocktail lady. I done forgot her babe. Come on let me get a bottle. Like that was a good joke. That was a good one. That was a good one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey. Oh Joe, pass to her. Yeah, right here in the front row right there? Yeah. Alright, we got anybody else up top? Yeah, I got something To say. Okay, come on, say it. I said For the cool cocktail lady. Hey baby, make sure you take your shower and the brothers are sitting there too. Make sure you clean the real Good. Yeah. Can I say one more thing?


'cause I didn't really wanna talk About it. You can say as much as you want. Okay. So a lot of women are in here and I want to give a a a a dick sucking tip. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. A visual, visual, visual. A visual. Yeah. My man in here, I don't mind. Oh well. But Anyways, No, She said a man in here. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He in here. He love y'all. So I came to support. Okay, well thank you. But No, my tip is for all the women that have a hard time deep throating. If you put your left thumb, it has to be your left. But you put your left thumb and your palm and you squeeze it.


Your gag reflex deactivate. So you can put it all the way down there. Wait a Minute, you cap. Wait, wait, Wait. Try it and see. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold. I learned this from my dentist. Hey, can you hear me? I can. What's your name Again? Lyrics. I need you to say that while I voice record it so I can send it to Rel All You ready? Not Rel bro. Hold on, hold on. Don't Send it to re Ocho. Shit. You ready? Okay, say it again. Go Ahead. When you are giving head and you have a gag reflex, put your left thumb and your left hand and squeeze in your gag reflux with deactivate and it go all the way down to your throat.


Just Immediately goes away. And that's a temper me Y'all Coochie cocktail y'all? Yeah, it goes. Subscribe to that podcast. I like it. I like it. Okay ladies and gentlemen, our last guest of the night. I have One more. I got one more. I swear. I got one more. I got one more. Jordan, we gotta go. We gotta go. Jordan.


Hey. Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today,


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks,


Dearest listener. Allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing that embraces everybody shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm. Snag has triumphed. Permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb Rub shorts, crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit Snag Heights us today,


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet, because Summer doesn't stop In Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip at visit myrtle beach do com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Our last guest of the night, guys, I, he really doesn't need any introduction. You've heard me mention him on several occasions. He was the guy that raised me. He was the guy that I wanted to be the most liked. My brother Sterling Sharpe. Is that what we doing? Hey, yo. Yo can y Y'all can hear me? Yes. Do me a favor, man.


Please give Sterling Man another round of applause. Please, man. Real shit. Legend, legend Hall. I, I you might, yeah, it work. I I was a big fan of the show. I, I oh, I was a big fan of the show with, with my, I I was a real big fan of the show until I had to follow the discussion about Angel.


My religion wasn't around me to be around people bad. So, but I, I'm glad to be here. Do you realize I, I I grew up with him, but tonight was the first time I met him. Yeah. Yeah. And I've always been a big fan. And And, we say that a lot, but you know, guys that have a passion for what they do, it ain't about money. It's not about cars or diamonds, although we have them. I, I enjoyed watching you play and do what you did. Now, the antics I probably coulda did without, but, but I really did enjoy you, you as a player. You, I really appreciate the way you played.


Thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah. Coming, coming from, and this is, this is one of the things, if you, if you, for those of you that watch, when I played, obviously I was vilified through the mainstream media because of my style to play with the antics and having the fun, but to get the credit from my peers and those that came before me. You don't know how much that means. Definitely one of the best to ever do. Thank you. I appreciate it. Definitely one of the best to ever Do. A lot of times people ask us, ask me, they ask you, man, how much of what you'll say, how much of what your brothers say about your grandparents, what they, your grandfather said, what your grandmother said.


How much of what he's saying, did they actually say, I, I'm gonna do it this way. For those of you who have grown up in a, I'm gonna say a black church, you know, when they talk about Christians and Jesus, the shepherd and the sheep smell alike. Mm. Whatever he says, he got it from somewhere. He didn't come up with it on his own. So when he says, my grandma used to say Dustin, so she actually did say it when he said, you know, my grandfather used to say this. Definitely used to say it. So Cam, cam and I had a, had a moment backstage, and I was sitting in the audience listening to Cam, and he said something that I've been saying for years that I I, I never thought anybody heard, but obviously he felt the same way.


And, if you look at Tiger Woods and Venus and Serena and Shannon Sharp and Sterling, Sharpe and I, I, I don't know Chad's background, so I'm gonna leave him out. But the successful people that came from nowhere were told what to do. What does Richard Williams know about playing tennis? But we have Venus and Serena. What in the world did Earl Woods ever know about playing golf? But he gave us Tiger Woods. I will say this, my brother and I have never had a fight. Now, he used to cheat and I used to beat him down, but we never had a fight.


The only time my brother told me what he wasn't going to do was that he wasn't gonna go to Savannah State College. And I said, that's good 'cause I'm on the way, bro. I'm leaving Columbia. I was in school at South Carolina. I'm leaving, bro, you're not going to the Army. That's not gonna happen. The only time he and I ever had a disagreement, I have never in my 59 years on this earth, tried to be his father. But we were always taught that if you have to look past your own dinner table to find a role model, there's something going on in your home.


I only wanted him, Bobby Dandridge, his nickname was Mr. Clutch. We had Franco Harris and, and, and Tony Dorsett. I wanted him to look at his own dinner table and be like, it's, remember it's the shepherd and the sheep thing. I never told him what to do. I never tried to instruct him. I never led him. I lived my life. But the wonderful thing, and and for those of you who have kids, you know this, the wonderful thing is he was watching.


And I am so proud. I'm, I'm proud of that guy right there because I'm proud of Chad because the perception, the persona and who he really is, is actually two totally different people. You don't realize how hard it is for him to come out here and do that. That ain't who he Is. That is not who he is. I'm ruining it for you and for him to, he didn't go through anything. He's led by a, by a higher power that put him where he wanted to be and what he went through on tv. He needed to go through that so he could get here. And sometimes, many, many times in a family, you go through things that are hurtful.


But he had to go through that to get to here. And he had to be here to get him. And those two together, doing some really good stuff. They're fun to watch. They, they, they talk about really good things. Not the anal part, but they talk about really good things. And I'm very proud of both of them. Thank You. Thank you. I appreciate it. Appreciate You. Remember the time we was washing Papa's truck? Yep. Which one? The black and white one. The black and white one. Yeah. And that was when he came up And. we didn't, we did a, a half tail job and he said anything is better than nothing.


But what did he tell us after that? Well, the thing about doing a half-ass job is, is when you do, it doesn't take any more energy or an ounce of care to do it. Right. And, we always learn that I'm gonna do our job, play football, be a host or have a podcast. I'm gonna do that job better than anyone else does Anything else When you have that passion, because of how we grew up, I can I tell you this quick story? Sure. Yeah. Me and this guy were junior deacons and used to lead devotional service. You Know, I Told you I was a junior Deac, I supposed to be preaching.


I used to say, I used to say, now let's go down in prayer with Brother Shannon Shark. And Brother Shark would get on his knees and let it out. So it's, it's so amazing to be here. But it's so far from how we grew up and what we did. Chad is crazy because the thing is, is we were taught, we never had an opinion. We never had an opinion. We were never asked what we liked, what we wanted, what we wished for. We never, we were always given an opinion.


We never were asked what you want for Christmas? This is what you got. Mm. I think we were the only family that got for Christmas. We got five pair of the same jeans. He and I one year growing up, our moms for Christmas bought us white suits like we were John Travolta. But it was so much fun because we didn't know any better. It was what we had. I had him, he had me. Now, the only fights, he was my brother and I'm the only one who could hit him. And there was only one time that I almost got in a fight over him. Do you remember that? What's the guy's name?


Danny. Danny Doggett on the bus. I kept hearing my brother go, quit Danny, stop. Danny quit Danny. I was up at the front. So I jumped up and I went back there and I said, do it again. There was no, I need to keep talking to him, just do it again. But my brother used to, he couldn't beat me. Now he would lie and tell you that he has, my brother has never beaten me. If the games to five, I would let him score so we could keep playing. He would score and run in the house and be like, oh my God.


I beat that old joke. I can't believe it. And because of that, I had to go and beat him down because he cheated. But you know, we, we both have families, have kids, and, and I, I just, I, I don't get a chance to do this often because I stay as far away from the public as possible. As a football player. I never talked to the media. Although I ended up in media for 21 years. I, I just never felt comfortable doing it. Never wanted to. And it was part of who I was. But my brother never followed me around. I followed him. My only time in my athletic career I ever been reprimanded was by him.


I was in the 10th grade and he came up to the fence. We were playing southeast bulletin team we'd never beaten. And he goes, what's the matter? Are you scared? Only time I'd ever been reprimanded. I was a starting quarterback. The only time I've ever been reprimanded as an athlete was reprimanded by him. We both have kids. We both have families. I, I believe this with all my heart, our love for each other probably supersedes that for than our kids because of what we've been through. I mean, there's only one person in my life that I know exactly what he went through to get here. And he, he cried when I told him I would never play another down in the NFL.


He cried. I was actually kind of happy, but he cried. And I, I will say, you know, that if you've seen his Hall of Fame speech, he said that he was the only player in the hall of Fame that could say this. That he was the second best player in his own family. That was true, by the way. But no, I, I really do. I I, I and I, I don't know, Chad and I, I've never crossed paths with Chad. And it, it was really nice. The, the thing was is when he saw me, he made me feel like we had known each other for years.


Yeah. And I knew how uncomfortable he was having to come out here and do this. But I don't see my brother nowhere nearly enough. And when he said he was doing this, I had to be here because I I, I paid for a hat. Three hats actually for your guys. I bought them hats. So I paid the $38 for the swag out, out front. Don't ask me why, but that's love. Because I really do love and care about him. And I, I wanna say this, I'm very proud of you, man. I am really proud of the, I'm proud of the guy you are, man.


I am. I'm really proud of you. We love y'all. Thank you guys. When I say this in all sincerity, the only person I ever wanted to be in my life with this man, he was everything I wanted to be it upset. I wish. My sister today is my sister 64th, 64. Wait, wait. I'm 59. She's five years older than me. 64. No, she's 65, 64, 5 and nine. She's, she's, he can't spell it. You can't add. So y'all, y'all feel free. But, but here's what's funny. He can't spell, I can't add And.


we still sitting in the same spot. So you ain't better than us. She would get so upset because he got a shirt that had Mr. Clutch on the back. I went and got a shirt that said Mr. Clutch on the back. Yeah. We dressed and pe people laugh. Tell 'em about my college girlfriend and your first college girlfriend. Look identical. No, no, you don't. You don't understand. Identical, identical, same hair, same shape, same teeth, same height, same height. Identical.


Everything was identical. Real. It wasn't the same girl. No, hell no. Was not your same girl. No. But, but because I saw, like I said, I saw him every day and I saw the way he carried himself. I saw the way he did things. He was a more, he was always a more serious person than I was. I was not very serious at all. I was always telling jokes. I was always trying to be funny. And that's why you couldn't get in prison with your grave. They were bad. They were bad. But I, I just think the thing is that once I saw, 'cause when I see him, and that's why I knew I could be, I could be whatever I wanted to be. 'cause when he went to college, I was like, well, I'm going to college too. Hell, he could do it.


I could do it. He eat the same food I eat. He sleep where I slept, he getting rained on just like me. Yeah. He gotta go to the woods to use the bathroom just like me here. Yeah. Go to college. I'm going too. That's right. He went to the NFL. I'm like, he going, I'm going to. And so that's, that's just the way I looked at it, man. It was just, it's, it's unbelievable because my grandfather died. I was eight, about to be nine. He was about to be about to be about to be 12. And he took over. He was the dominant male figure in my life. Ocho he was the one that I followed. But I would do things as a small child and he would get in trouble. And my grandmother would ask Barney, why you so hard on spanking?


He said, because it's his responsibility to teach Shannon. He say, 'cause Mary, I ain't gonna be here always. Mm. And I never understand. I was like, but he's not much older than me. You making it seem like he's like 10, 11 years older than me. But he knew, even though I didn't, that I watched everything that he did. I hung on every word that he said. And he could get to me. He could talk to me when nobody else could. Right. Like at track meets, something was going on. My coach would call him. He's like, don't say anything to it. I got him. And it was, man, it's an unbelievable feeling to have someone that you know, that you know sincerely, genuinely loves you, cares about you.


And there's nothing that this man wouldn't do for me. And it's, it's vice versa. He knows that whatever, it ain't no. When, when we, when he made it to the NFL, he was like, we made it. When I went to the Hall of Fame, I never said a, I said, bro, we made it. We did it. Man. Ocho it's a, to have him by my side to know that he's, we, we don't get to do this, but we, we don't get to do this. Like, like, and I don't, I'm not saying talk about each other. We don't get to sit next to each other often. I'm trying to think the last time we were this close for this long would've been 2011 at the Hall of Fame.


At, at my grandma's funeral. At my funeral In the hall of Fame. Yeah. In 2011. Yeah. The last time I was next to you for this long was at the Super Bowl in Minnesota. Yeah. What year was that? 2018 would've been Philly, new England. Philly, new England. Yep. So it's not like we get to spend time. I mean, we talk two or three, four times a week or text two or three, four times a week. But we don't get to do this. And we're old enough now where we can say, I love you and not feel weird because nobody ever said, I loved you and the way we grew up.


That that was not something you did. Because as a man, you never showed I love you by what I do. I love you by what I say. I am not gonna love you by telling you. So for us to get here, we're supposed to be here. And I hope more people, not just black people, more people would, when you get a chance to give someone flowers, give them to 'em. Don't be ashamed or afraid to say good morning to somebody who doesn't look like you. Or how you doing to someone who doesn't look like you. And I think I've learned that over the years because when we did the same things when we both played football, we could talk football.


When we both did tv, we could talk tv. I play golf. He doesn't, so we don't have anything in common right now. But we can still find out how each one of us, how we're doing. And I, I'm very proud of how he handled the skip situation. He, he almost, he almost lost it. The, the, the Afro-American almost came out. I know you saw it when the glasses went on the table. Skip, I'm in the eling hall of Fame. I was like, I said to myself, that is the end of the Sharps on tv.


That's it. Because I knew what was gonna come next. And I was like, skip, I hope you can fight. But no, I, I say that in jest. I never, I never thought he would lose control. I was really shocked that he yelled and screamed. But he yelled and screamed. Not because of what Skip said. He yelled and screamed because he was so hurt that he, someone he liked and trusted would say or do that to him. And he would never say this, I'm not on tv. I don't do anyone else's media at all except PGA tour golf. I go on their show, but I don't do anybody else's because you can't ask me about him because I'm not going to give you anything about him.


Do I like his success? You're gonna have to use your own imagination. Do I think he is doing the right thing? You're gonna have to use your imagination. I do not talk about him. Everybody goes, when you gonna be on Club Shehe? And I was like, I was first before it became Club Shehe and, and Chad, they were famous. I went on then. 'cause I was like, I see where this train going. And this is way before Kat Williams. I do not want to be anywhere near where this thing's going. So Club sha and Nightcap, I could say this, this is probably the last time you see me publicly because are going in a totally different stratosphere.


And I, and I want to thank Cam Newton. I told Cam Backstage, I am very impressed by him because they are a lot alike. And, and you have to admit, cam is the largest human being you've ever seen. Dude is gigantic Quito man. It's an honor for me. Obviously someone I watched when I was young growing up and it's so surreal hearing all the stories about you through Unc. Yeah. Watching you play, seeing the highlights and not being able to sit here in person and hear the stories.


So the stories that I do hear now, they coming to fruition because you saying the same thing. 'cause sometimes I think Unc be lying. Lying. Hey, sometimes I think he be lying and exaggerating, but God damn you regurgitating the same thing that he be saying. Like, Check this out. How about this here, I told a story and people like, man, ain't nobody say that. Me our cousin, me, you, Arne, Eugene, Lanny, three other guys. We all standing around. They was talking about a girl they had all had sex with except my cousin Lanny. He said he didn't want to have sex with her because she had the crabs. What did she say? So does everybody else. But no, the lobsters.


So my religion will not allow me to follow these dudes. I'm going to heaven. They're not stopping me going to heaven. Where my homeboy bucket at? He's sitting back there next to where I was sitting. Bucket. What bucket? He's sitting right there. Come here, come here. Bucket. Hey Jordan, help. Where's Jordan? Jordan help bucket get to the stage. My homeboy, he just had his knee replaced and he just tore his ACL in the same knee. He had replaced my homeboy. Got buzzer Luck. Hey, hey. Hey come.


Hey come. Hey Buck. Come right here, man. He can't get up. There ain't no way in here. He gotta get up here. I'm gonna give him my mic. Oh, he got to sit. You have to sit down. Okay. Just stand right there bud. Yeah. Hey homeboy? Yeah. I told a story. Okay. About the guy that walked in there with the chopper. Yes. You were sitting on the couch. I was bucket. Go tell the story. I ain't gonna say nothing there. I want you to tell the story in its entirety because I left a big piece out at the end. But you tell the story how you remember it. Reading the Jet magazine, Shannon said, homeboy, Hey, I'll be right back. I said, okay. One came in the back door, one came in the front door and I looked and then the guy knocked on, walked in on the, in the bedroom on Shannon.


Shannon like, man, I, I know Bucket ain't walking in this house on me. I mean walking in the room on me. Then I look and the man just stood there. Hey, you sharp? Yeah man, hey man, got no beef with you? Hey, she just be lying to me and everybody else. So we got in my truck and hauled buck. So we was going down the road by jewelry, we was going down the road and Shannon said, man, I left my Rolex. I said, man, damn, that damn Rolex man. Shannon said, man, I just paid 25,000, man, I don't give a damn. That man got a saw off a AK 40.


Man. We going back. I said, oh Lord. So I turned my truck around, we went back, oh boy gave Shannon's watch And, we left. And that was true, true story. What? What happened when we was pulling off, driving down the road, driving down the road, the girl ran outside half naked. Stop, stop. I say, Shannon, did she go run dirt? Man, stop this truck. I say, oh hell no. I said, man, we finna get killed messing with you. So I stopped the truck. She jumped in.


I black. I'm glad y'all stopped. She, he was beating the shit outta us. So that's actually how it happened. It did. I had gone to school with her. I had just come in town for homecoming. He got the name bucket. Lemme tell you. I got, he got the name bucket. I came in town back. This was in 91. 90. I said 91. Yeah. I said, man, pick me up from the airport. I ain't gonna get no rental car this time. Pick me up. So back then, you know, you could walk to the, you know, you could walk to the gate, wait till your person come off. And he walked me down. So I was like, okay, we cool. I'm like, I know he done got something real nice for your boy to ride around in. Yeah. So, so you know, I go to the, I go to the passenger side, I open the door, get in and sit down and he's still standing there.


I said, what the fuck You doing? I said, man, get in. He's like, man, the driver's side door won't open. I gotta get in through the passenger. I say, man, you come pick me up in this damn bucket. And ever since then he, he'd been named Bucket and it was a five speed manual, so I had to step across it. So, you know, and, and he painted it yellow, Canary yellow. But that's a, Hey, this is my biological brother. Me and that man there. As close as me and him, there's nothing I wouldn't do for him With my kids.


He would, my daughter was in Jacksonville. He would come see me play. I was playing with the Ravens. I was playing with the Broncos. He would go pick my daughter up. She refers to him as Uncle Fuzz. He would go pick my daughter up, bring her to the game, hang out. I see my daughter, he would take her back home when I would go places, you know, he would come up here and stay with my daughter, make sure everything was, Hey, whatever your daddy said, go. You know what your daddy said. And that would be the end of it. So bro, I love you more than life. I appreciate everything you've done to me. And I and, and, and I love you too, brother. And just what he said, he had me watching over his daughter. He trusted me with his daughter. And that meant a lot to me.


That put our friendship to a point where it was brotherhood for me to watch over his teenage daughter to house. Sit with her. Ain't too many people going trust him. Me. Let me save you from yourself. You, Hey, you giving out too many family secrets, Man. Ocho Yeah. We got two more of these. We in Houston on Sunday and then the following Friday we're in, we are in Dallas. Yeah, bro, this has been an unbelievable experience. Beautiful Ride so far. Beautiful ride. I can't, I can't think of a better person. I would want to share this journey with your dedication, your work to get better.


You know, I put I, I I ain't the easiest person to work with because I have a lot of expectations. Yeah. You ain't the easiest person to grow up with. But bro, what you've done over the last year. Yes. How you've gotten better, how you've studied, how you want to get better. You like Unc, I wanna do this, I wanna do this. And you take coaching very, very well. So bro, I appreciate this ride that we've been on together. I appreciate it. Thank you. We appreciate you. Because without you, there is no Unc. There is no OCHO. And so, and there is absolutely no nightcap. So thank you guys from the bottom of my heart. Ocho hold. Sit us out. We leaving? We leaving?


Hold On. Before we go, I want y'all to do me a favor and wish a friend of mine a happy birthday. Ty Stove. Where you at? Ty? All right. Could y'all just wish Ty, ty we at in the back? Just wish Ty happy birthday for me. That's it. And the night before y'all leave if you got time, we all at Magic City tomorrow. Every alcohol on me, Ma Mag say he got us. He owe nobody to everybody else. Y'all gotta pay cover y'all. Wait Mo, where you at? Way mo hold on if you got it. What if it go, go Way Mo. You gotta go. Okay. If you got a gold wristband, let everybody else leave and then, because then you'll be able to do the meet and greet with Ojo and myself.


So let everybody else leave. Guys. If you have a gold wristband, please stay seated and we'll meet you in out front in just a second. Thank you guys for coming out. Nightcap. If success, success because of you, thank you from the bottom of our heart, I'm up. Heath's Ocho, goodnight. God bless. I fucking love you. The Volume


Plug in a Hyundai ev in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 20 20 24 iac, five se SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 ix six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


This episode is brought to you by FX is the Old man. The hit show returns starring Jeff Bridges and John Lithgow. The former CIA agent sets off on his most important mission to date to recover his daughter. After she's kidnapped the stakes get higher and more secrets are uncovered. FX is the old man premier September 12th on FX Stream on Hulu


Summer's here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Vitamin Water is from New York. We needed a drink that can keep up with the music scene in the city. We gotta see our favorite DJ perform in Brooklyn at 3:00 AM or sing karaoke in the village also at 3:00 AM Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.