
This is an iHeart Podcast.


Hello. It is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. V GW Group vo. We're prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply


the NBC Nightly News. Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


This season, let your shoes do the Talking Designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. The SW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head to your DSW store or visit DSW dot com Today, The volume


As the Cleveland Brown quarterback competition progresses into mandatory mini caps. Do Sanders has often found himself practicing with the back of while. Team other pastors, Flacco Pickett and Dylan Gabriel have received first team reps. Shado said he's unbothered by practice reps instead of looking to take advantage of every opportunity. Gift life is just based on how you view different things. So you can view things if you're not getting reps in a negative way. Or you can view it as, okay, it's my time to get out there and let's be pro proactive and let's get warm, let's get going. So there's no excuses because when you get out there, nobody cares how many reps you got whenever you got in the game. Nobody cares if you took a snap before. Everybody cares about production.


So that's the main thing. When you get out there, you got to be able to produce ocho. See, I love this response. See, now you got me questioning whether or not he was unprepared when he came to those meetings. I think y'all tried to salt that man up. No, you prepared. I've only heard responses like this. All the press conference. Yeah, he had, I mean, when he was in college, You know, he was a a little facetious at times, but I didn't never, I never got the, the, the, the, the inclination that he was unprepared if the one thing that he was going to be it prepared. Prepared, yeah. His father prepared him. He understands his dad. Although he didn't play quarterback, he understood what comes along with playing the quarterback.


Right. I just, IIII love the way he's answered the, answered that question. This Is, he's answering the questions perfectly. And the funny thing about it, I, You know, I got a, I got a couple of young bulls out there, You know, I talked to Denzel Ward, You know. Yeah, I, I talked to some, but let me, I, damn, I can't say the name. But anyway, I done talked to some people, he looked different. There's a difference when that young bull is out there spinning that ball. You hear me? Difference. I'm talking about, I'm talking about football. I ain't talking about no media and all that, all that hoopla. And all them, You know, on Twitter, they putting up the numbers. Some he would 10 for 12 for two touchdown. I'm talking about when he's at the helm, he looks different. Whether he going with the first team, second team, or third team, it don't matter. You know, I understand getting drafted in the fifth round, all that means nothing.


When it's time to play football. And that whistle blows, he looks different than the rest of the competition. That's, that's what I heard. And I'm talking, I'm talking from, from, from a, not, not brother ward, I'm just talking about from sources that's in that room, that's on that field that's playing the sport. Man, come on man. I, I tell, Tell you this is something that I can relate to. Yeah, you can't relate to this. You are a second round draft pick. So you probably had worst case scenario you was running with the second, the twos. As soon as you stepped foot in the camp, I was on special. But if it's somebody that, but it's somebody that was a seventh round draft pick. And that was with the third, fourth 15, the last guy to get a rep. Some days Ocho, I get one rep.


What? I get one rep. That's all I got, Jerry. That's it. Oh, that's it. I would, boy, I would've cut up, boy. You got me, man. Shit, I just, I, I just remember having a conversation with my brother. My brother would tell me, he's like, man, how's it going? I said, span, man, I ain't, man, they ain't going, they ain't, I got like one rep. I got like two reps. I ain't even get in today. He said, don't worry about that. He said, one day John Elway gonna call on you. Yes sir. Just make sure when he call on you, you answer. Just make sure you're supposed you are where you're supposed to be when you're supposed to be there. That's all he told me. He didn't say, ah, man, they messing over you. He never said, he kept, Hey, You know what you can do now, you gonna get your opportunity, it's gonna come.


Yeah. And when it comes slowly, and I was with the threes, slowly but surely I was with the twos. Come on there. Hey, now all of a sudden, hey sharp, get in there. I'm in the slot, but I'm running with the ones. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. So make the team mainly special teams. But You know, hey, they called, they want somebody. It's a, we ran the ball a bunch. So, You know, I'm big receiver, I'm blocking, You know, hey, it didn't matter. I'm blocking for Ronnie lot. You know, Eddie Anderson, all them big time, big time hitters. But that's the only thing that my brother told me. He didn't tell me they messing over me. He didn't say, all he said is like, You know what, John Elway gonna call your number one day.


Just make sure you answer. And I was like, You know, I would go, I would go ask John, man, what, what can I do better, man? I just, I just wanna be, I just wanna be like, when you, when you call him, I wanna be there. He's like, Hey, just make sure you get your head around, make sure you get your depth on your routes, blah, blah, blah. You know, we run certain drills. He is like, Hey, I like that. I like that effort. Mm. Slowly but surely. So if I could give, I can't give you no advice on how to play the quarterback position. Right. But I'll say just keep doing that. Yeah. Just keep, just keep doing what you're doing. That's all you gotta do. And people are like, man, you always turn it in. I say no. What I try to do is that in situations where Ocho and I, we try to do is that if we've been in those situations before, we can tell you how we handle it.


We can get go inside because you're talking to people that was in the huddle. Not somebody I didn't cover the game. I cover the game now. But you're talking about somebody that was in the huddle, know what it's like on fourth and three. That's, know what it's like when it's first in goal and you're down six. So I ain't telling what somebody told me to say. I'm telling you through firsthand knowledge. Yeah. Firsthand knowledge. Being in the locker room, being in those meeting rooms. I, I love what Shado said. I love the way he's handling it. I don't know when that time's gonna come. Ocho. Yeah. Because the man say, you don't know when I'm coming. He said, you better make sure you be right when I return.


Ur doesn't know when the opportunity will present itself. You gonna be ready. Sh Hey, I, I wanna get back to this one rep man Now that, that's, that stuck with me outta everything, You know, said 'cause but they what? I to raised hell, You hear me? Oh, I'm a seventh round draft pick. I'm a body. Oh shit. Okay. My bad. Ain't no. Yeah. If I was the first round draft pick and I ain't getting but one rep or second round draft pick. Yeah, I would, I would have some issues too. But I a seventh round draft pick. And You know, the thing is with me, I played one, I played, I played, I was the Z receiver. Yeah. So now You know Ocho, you come as a rookie, you z you slot, you x they throw you in a couple of plays a tight row.


Can I learn? Let me learn one thing. Right. Come on now. Let me, let me, let me, I'm trying to write cursive and you try to get me to do trigonometry, huh? Man. One rep, two reps, don't you? That's all I, we out there for two hours, You know. Hey, everybody else getting called to get in there. Hey Turner, get in there. Johnson. Get in there young. Get in there. Everybody get in there last play Sharp. Get in there at to Z Man. Listen. Huh? Lemme tell you something. Oh, Lemme take that back. It was called, it was not called a z it was called the wing. Right.


Sharp. You at the wing. Hey. Huh? You gotta think. And two th man TJ was on here with us. Remember? He told you? Yeah. I take, I was taking scout. I'm talking about 2005, 2006. I'm talking about my whole career. I ran our plays and I ran scout team. Right. I'm on, I would purposely the gunner on special teams. I would purposely go on special teams just to keep myself running through the whole practice. And I, I purposely took the scout team, whoever the number one receiver, based on who we playing. Let's say we playing the Jag, You know, we playing the Jags. I'm Jimmy Smith on the scout team. Right. And I'm taking every rep.


'cause now I get to work with the number one DB on our team and gave him good work. So he'd be ready for Jimmy or Ke Ken Mear there on Sunday. Yep. And I, man Marvin and Hugh Jackson would have to pull me the f outta practice. But You know, Ocho in training camp, it ain't really No Scout team is ones versus ones Juans. Yes. Yes. So you, you don't get, you don't really get to the scout team until like that first preseason game and Yeah. Because now, okay, offense, you going against the twos defense, going against the two offense, things like that. And then obviously when you get to the regular season, the scout team, You know, go to get given that. So Yeah.


Now once, once the regular season came. Yeah, I was, I was, I, that's me, I followed the ball. Right. Whoever would've been the best receiver, it was Tim Brown. I'm Tim Brown, I'm Slim Brown. Yeah. And You know what I'm saying? Oh, Timmy man was, That's the same thing. Rod Smith came in, he said, man, he, his rock was right across from mine. And he, every day he's absorbed everything of everybody that was under the offense that I've ever been around. Rod Smith probably was probably my greatest student because he absorbed everything. He said, man, I I just want, I said, he said, man, I want, I want that. I said, what you, what? He said, man, the way crowd cheer you, the way everybody respects you.


He said, I want that. I said, I tell you what, when the scout team come, whoever the best receiver is, you get that jersey. I don't care if you your ex, I don't care if you're z you get that jersey and you go out there and when they say, Hey man, look, you bust their ass. I like that. The first time foot got him a game. Yeah. We play in Washington. In Denver. Three by one. We down, hold on. Where he at? He's he, he's the X receiver. They put him to the side by himself. He by himself. He got Darren Green matched up on him. John threw the football, he jumped over Dar Green and catch it. We win the game.


Oh, rod. What? Rod now? Yeah. You talk to Rod lately? Yeah. Yeah. I talk tofu all the time. Yeah. Yeah. We, Hey him. You know, I still, it's, it's a few guys I stay in touch with a lot. Obviously Burns. I talked to House, who's my backup up tight end Cho. I was another backup tight end foot. But I, You know, it's a few guys I still keep in touch with. Yeah. Cool. Is, but that's what I tell guys. And a lot of the, You know, they say there are a conspiracy theories circling that Cleveland trying to force the early piece. Yeah. They gonna do everything they possibly can because they Dr. They don't wanna look bad, don't you? Right, right, right. If I draft Gil and Gabriel, how did I draft the Shado and Shado outplays him? Boy, that make me look bad.


If he gets in there, I sign Kenny Pickett as a free agent. If he gets in there and he outplay performs Kenny Pickett, that makes me look bad. Right. So I'm going to give these guys every opportunity to succeed because I don't, I don't want y'all to make me look bad. Right. Because you can say, oh yeah, we, we didn't have this grade on him. Don't matter the grade. 'cause at the end of the day, you gotta play. You can give that guy A plus or B, whatever the case may be. But when we get in there, yeah. Something gotta give. Oh, I Let him some good days, Blair. Oh yeah. Oh, good days. But I lo I love the way Shado a answered the question.


It's like, look, first team 17, 13, when they called my name, I'll be ready. Because then don't nobody care. Didn't nobody care. The a all the tight ends got hurt and they putting a seventh round draft pick in there from, from Savannah state. Ain't nobody care nothing about that at all. All they saw was number 81 sharp man. That Sterling's brother. I wonder if he's as good as his brother. Hell, if I was, they'd better have to. They took me in the seventh round. I'm just as good as my brother. Somebody doing some hell, some poor ass scouting. But I thought I was ocho you couldn't tell me I wasn't as good as my brother. Oh yeah. Listen, I broke all his records. Yes ma. I did everything that he did and everything he did. Now was he more physically like I was more talented.


Right? He was a harder worker. Right. So once I, once I got to college, I was like, man, I was like, man, scouts ain't really come. 'cause he was telling me, man, we had, I all the scouts from every team I think at the time looked like 20 18, 20 17. Yeah. Every scout was here today. I said, oh yeah, y'all have any scouts? Like, nah, we ain't have no scouts down here. So I know the opportunity. So I got to, I, I gotta do something to make the scouts come. Right. That's it. Should do. Or keep doing what you're doing, bro. I love it.


I know your doc, your, your dad dealing with some health problems right now, but you've gone through adversity before when you did Jackson State and your dad had that, had those blood clots, you bill for this. Oh yeah. You are absolutely 1000% built for this head up. Prayed up, stay up. So Ocho Puka Nacua is a IG name. Pka is dead because his mom discovered that he had Instagram in the eighth grade and changed the name. My mom, eighth grade, in my eighth grade year, didn't know I had Instagram.


My mom found my Instagram IG and changed it. She made it. Pka is dead to let me know I was in trouble. What is the most memorable time you got caught Ojo? Oh man, listen, honestly, UNC, I I, I'm, I don't know if I told this story the most memorable time I got caught it, it had nothing to do with, obviously back then I was, I was young. Yes man, I had the nerve. My grandma, my grandfather, they done went to church and I had to nerve to pull that goddamn car. I had the nerve to pull one of their cars out the driveway. You know, we had an old steel fence back in the day. That old steel fence that, that that slide back.


Yeah. Lit it open and put the car in reverse. I'll never forget it was a 500, 500 bins, but it was diesel. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh, old school. I done pulled a goddamn car out the driveway backwards and don't know how to drive and don't know how to differentiate how far I am from the, from the, from the rails. Man, I done caught the goddamn right fender on the, on the, on the rail trying to get out. So I'm thinking, well if I, if I just keep going, it's gonna loosen itself. I done ripped the hole. I done ripped the hole. You hold The bump off. Ripped the hole. Right front bump off. Oh man, lemme tell you, them people came home from church. Boy, I ain't never got wore out like that ever again.


Oh Yeah. I never got wore out like that ever again. Never had a whooping like that. Ever. From both of 'em. Both of them. Never again. Mind you, how y'all coming from church? But y'all beat me like the devil. Yeah Man. Yeah. We are. We already, we are. We done told the Lord, forgive us for our sins. We already know we gonna do something when we get home. Hey, I would never, I would never forget that day. Ever. Oh yeah, man, they, but You know what? Ojo them old people didn't play man. Uhuh, They didn't play. Man, Boy, like I said, the ba the worst whipping I ever got from my grandfather is that we was going fishing.


All of my cousins had done, came down, we was going fishing. My grandma was gonna get off. My grandma worked from seven to three. So by the time my sister go get, nah, Libby wasn't driving then She was driving, but she didn't have, I, I don't think she had a license then my aunt, I think it might have been Gladys, might have been Gladys or Papa might've went and picked her up. But anyway, We get it.


There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education. When you take the test drive using the root app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the root app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to root. We're taking an old industry and making it fair root insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for the towels.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid To get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid Get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to 15 per month. Required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees, extra semen mobile do com.


Bobby Bowens here with news on the top shelf country crews. Setting self. February 27th to March 6th, 2026. It's not just a cruise, it's a country music experience at sea. An amazing lineup of performers. Well we're gonna be there. The Bobby Bone Show. I'm gonna be there. Keith Urban, Lee, Bryce, Scotty McCreary, Parma Lee, Leanne Rhimes. It doesn't in there. We'll also be stopping in stunning destinations along the way. Go to top shelf country cruise.com to book any available state room. Gotta hurry though. These spots are filling up fast.


All my cousins Arnell, Eugene Lanning me, Spanky. We all gonna go fishing. It, it, we the old, we the oldest Grange. So we always going. We gonna go fishing that Saturday. Granny ain't get no baits. Everybody done done Ocho. I done got me a milk. I done because I already know we going fishing. You know, that was our thing. Saturday I done got a milk jug done. Cut it half into, hey, there gotta be some good old wet dirt. I'm down there in the ditch. I'm digging them jumpy Jacks, Louisiana, You know, red wigs, whatever y'all wanna call 'em. If you're from the south and you go fishing, You know about Bay Ocho ocho I'm telling you, I got'em ocho when I say I got them Bates, I got 'em.


I'm talking about if you went to the store as many Bates I had, that probably cost you $3. Right. $3 in 19 75, 76 was a lot of damn money. Yes sir. So Louisiana Pinks cost you the most money. They were long, long baits. And and like I said, if you go fishing, You know what I'm talking about. Louisiana Pinks. They had regular wigs. Jumping jack, nightfall, whatever you wanna call 'em. You get crickets. You can get soy worms. Right. You get a a a what was the other county? But we fishing with, You know, we go find the old rotten stump and we get those grub worms outta there. We fish with those two ocho. So You know me. Hey, so I done got my thing.


Everybody, You know my brother and them, they got a little bit of, they, they ain't got like I got 'cause I got 'em because You know me Ocho I'm just, I'm the youngest. Yeah. I gotta have the most Right. Papa done bought me a a cane pole. Them got got me a cane pole for a quarter. Your boy good. I'm good. I, You know what I'm saying? Don't y'all, I, I pull up in. Yeah. So we get to the lake, we ride in the back of the truck. We get out. My cousin them jump out. They, they scatter. They gone, she give your baits.


Nah, granny ain't gonna be able do that. You know she didn't wanna gimme. She's like, she's like boy, gimme them baits. I said, no, granny Barney. Yeah. That boy won't gimme them Bates. Huh? Nah, Barney, I told him, I told him to gimme them Bates. He said no, he wasn't giving 'em to me. Ocho I don't know what possessed me to say no. I to this day. Wait, why she wanted your base though?


She didn't have any. And she, instead of, instead of, instead of like taking something from my cousin, them, she wanted mine 'cause I was the youngest. I could have been no more than five six. Right. Oh man. He told You that Joe beat me so bad, Joe. Ocho, I ain't even want a fish no more. Man. Ocho outside be outside the back of the truck. I don't even want fish. And I started ocho because I used to get mad. I I was a poor sport. Right. I used to get mad like my brother make me mad. A, I start throwing rocks in the water. Boy. My grandma boy, you better stop. They fish. They on the fish. Catter. Yeah.


Boy, stop talking. I be talking my grandma like, boy, stop talking. You gonna scare the fish away. I'm like, you can't hear. They under water. I can't hear nothing in the water. How can they hear? Man, I get mad. Hey man, Ocho that joke beat me so bad. Yo ocho, I ain't, I ain't fish that's there. Oh man. Well that's classic. But You know them old people, they ain't play back then they bust hell out. You. I was surprised. It really surprised me that I said no. And she didn't do nothing because my grandmother didn't play either. My grandma get close to you and hit you dead in your mouth. Quick. Pop Quick, Quick backhand. Quick backhand. Yes. I never, I never forget that backhand My be With no backhand man.


Because Ocho You know I if you got a thousand square foot, I mean the house ain't but so big. Right. My brother be, we be, me and spanking be in the living room and gran be in the kitchen cooking. And I would say something and granny say, I sure wish I was close to that boy so I could hit him in his mouth, You know. Hey, and what got you in trouble, Ocho? Yeah, I think Jamaicans and Caribbean people call it kissing your teeth. We call it sucking your teeth. Yeah. Whoa. Well grandma hate to I I give some, I give you something. All right. All right. You play play if you want to And stop it and boy do take it And you better not slam my goddamn door.


Oh, I remember bitch. Hey, well let, when I, when I sit back and think about it, man, I think about all the, all the times I've gotten, gotten in trouble. All the times I've gotten beaten. But I'd do anything. I, I swear folk, God, I'd do anything to hear my mama curse me out one more time. And I do, I'd do anything to hear my grandma say chatty. You have her scream chatty real loud. Right When them light, when them, when them light poles come on out there in Liberty City when they come on. And she would scream my name just to make sure I'm in the area to let You know, or I do anything to hit it. Just to had them two moments. Again, You don't think about it at the time, mocho, that you're gonna miss those moments.


You just like, man, I can't wait to get grown and get away from here. I'm tired of all this yelling. I'm tired of all this screaming. I'm tired of all these ass cuttings. I just, hey. And I didn't get a whole lot 'cause I was the youngest. Yeah. I didn't get a whole, I didn't get a, but the ones, there are some times I got some, I didn't think I deserved, I deserved them. Now looking back at it, But You know, when you, you 5, 6, 7 years old, you ain't Think you deserve no. Boy, I please. And but you like, like I said, Ocho it, it took all that, it took all of that to, to to to get us to where we needed to go. Right. Because that's where they, they I, there's no doubt in my mind, my grandmother didn't know me and my brother was gonna turn out to be professional athletes and accomplish what All I knew.


I don't think my grandmother, and we didn't want that. My grandmother dropped outta school in like the second grade. Mm. Grandfa grandfather dropped out. The second grade school wasn't big on them. You know, like son, just don't be no dummy. Yeah. Okay. That wasn't gonna take much. But I looked back at that time and, and me, me and Spanky Spanky, my brother, we, we get on the phone and we just talk about that. And I said, man, you remember that? I said, do I remember it? He's like, man, you remember everything? Is there any, did you forget anything? I'm like, nah, not really. Not really because it was just him and I.


Yeah. Just him and I and like you said, Ocho, I don't know if I wanna go back because that was hell back then. Yeah. It was hell. The limited resources that we had, we had love. But food was on short supply. You know, love was in abundance. We, You know, boy I would whew but I would give anything for my grandfather and my dad to actually physically, I know their spirit ocho I know they saw. Right. But to physically see what me and my brother became just, just one game.


My grand have my dad, my grandfather there, have my dad on the sideline. Have my dad come in the locker room, have papa. See, see what we became. 'cause I remember one night, it was probably about 1970, probably about 1975. Yeah. Might've been early, might've been 74. Like I said, I slept with Granny Spanky level. Papa Spanky slept on the back of Papa. I slept on the back of Granny. And they were talking, it had to be about two o'clock in the morning. And I remember like yesterday, he, he was like, Mary, she was asleep. She was like, yeah, Barney.


She said, he said, Mary, I'm gonna probably be dang gone, but them two little fellas gonna make something. She said, yeah, Barney, they, they, they, they, they some smart, they some good fellas. They, they ain't like our boys. He said, yeah Mary, I'll probably be dead and gone. He said, but that little one, he said that little one, don't forget nothing Mary. You talking about me? Yeah. And I did, I hung everything. My grandfather said everything. My grandfather, my grandfather, my grandmother, You know, back then Ocho day by the back of your head because You know, just right down the, Hey, come on, come on, boy.


Yeah. So it would, they didn't, I, I don't, I don't remember my grandfather, my grandfather died in 77. So I was almost nine. I was eight years old. I was about to be nine. He died in February. I'd been nine that June. I don't think my grandfather ever called me my name. It was always boy, son, boy, boy to the, I mean, that's what, that's what old people called you then. They didn't call you your name. Hey boy, come here. Hey son, come get this. Hey Libby, where them boys at? Okay, take this to the boys. I missed that. I missed that. Granny got the good opportunity to see it. You know, she came, she came to my last, my last game at Savannah State. Yeah. She got an opportunity to witness, she came to my college graduation.


She came to my high school graduation. She gotta witness a lot of things. Obviously my mom's still alive, so my mom gotta go to everything. Right. But if I could just, my dad and my grandfather, Barney Porter talking about my, my dad, my, my grandfather. He was alive. I think he saw, yeah, he died in 90. Nah, no, no, no, no. He died before eight. He died when I went to college. Yeah. Because I remember the last time I saw him alive, I ended up taking my, I took my girlfriend from college up there, Ville. Oh boy. There was some times Ocho, you won't catch Joe Flacco dancing on TikTok anytime soon.


Flacco chimed in on players, getting on TikTok and doing dance moves. Saying no, TikTok dances this generation. The fact that people want to get out their phones and show people, like, that's embarrassing. You're an adult. Like be an adult. I can't wrap my head around that. I mean, Joe, you, you big into TikTok aren't your Nah, my kid, my kids are, my kids are huge. My kids are huge on TikTok. I have, I have a TikTok. I don't know how to work it. So all I do is I use TikTok as if it it's a GQ magazine, right? That's it, it is literally, Hey, matter of fact, hey, chat me everybody in the chat. Follow my TikTok. Matter of fact, let me type it in the chat. Hey, y'all follow my, y'all follow my TikTok because I don't know how to work it.


Well what, what you gonna do if you don't know how to work it? What they gonna follow you for? 'cause they, I just post pictures and, and be fly. That's it. I just post pictures and be fly. Aren't you supposed to do something on TikTok? It's supposed to be like some video, but I don't know how to work it. They people know how to edit and do all, I don't know how to do all that stuff. Yeah. None that, and I don't know how to do all that. Ash wants to know who is a bigger curmudgeon, Flaco or Shannon. A bigger Who? What was that word? Curmudgeon. What'd that mean? Huh? What curmudgeon mean? That's go, I can't tell you. We gonna ask you to spell it next time. Cranky grouchy me.


Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Black or fla or fla. Flaco old head now. Huh? He what? How old fla? Old 39. Probably 40. Yeah. You know Flaco. Hey, he, he not, he not with that. He ain't with that. Understandable though. Understandable. Oh, ooh, Ocho Keon White kept it short and sweet on the big difference between the Patriots this season. He said, now I feel like I have a coach. Who, what? Well, what that, what that I mean, what, what's that supposed to mean?


You, you dating somebody And she say, now I feel like I got a man in my life. And the last person she dated was you. What that supposed to mean? I said she lying. The same thing. If you say, Hey, now I got, now I feel like I got somebody that hears me. I got somebody to listen to me. I got somebody that, that's my, that's, that's that. Got your boy. Hey. I don't, I don't like that. Right. I don't listen, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't like what brother, brother, brother. But Dion said, I don't, I don't like to listen. Keon Keon, what's it? Keon White. Keon white. Hey, I don't mean to be rude. Hey man, nevermind, nevermind. I mean, I don't, Hey, hey, that's, that's, that's uncalled for.


I Don't know what he meant. 'cause I don't like to speculate Ocho but You know how it's gonna be perceived. Right? I, I know how it's gonna be perceived, You know, but I know when it comes to on field play, You know, sometimes it's okay. Sometimes You know you have coaches that elevate your players play. Then you have players, regardless of who your coach is, you do what gotta be done. Once you, in between them lines, there's two different types of players. Like, You know I be talking about quarterbacks. Yes. They quarterback need support and cast and their quarterbacks that can elevate the people around. Now which player are you now? Depending on who the, depending on the player that you are, You know who's coaching you really don't matter.


'cause you gonna handle your business anyway. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't like no worries though. I don't. I I don't like, like that. Huh? I don't, I was always that guy Ocho, I never wanted somebody to lose their job on my watch. Nah, nah. But shoot, if if if I'm responsible, boy you gonna work forever.


Hey, good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the route app. Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for tells


The NBC nightly news. Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yma evenings on NBC


Bobby Bowens here with news on the top shelf country crews setting self February 27th to March 6th, 2026. It's not just a cruise, it's a country music experience at sea. An amazing lineup of performers. Well we're gonna be there. The Bobby Bone Show. I'm gonna be there. Keith Urban, Lee, Bri, Scotty McCreary, Parma Lee, Leanne Rhimes. It doesn't in there. We'll also be stopping in stunning destinations along the way. Go to top shelf country cruise.com to book any available state room. Gotta hurry though. These spots are filling up fast.


Unlock Smarter Learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPUs and CPUs and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research. Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better, faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon to be graduate needing to catch a recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo with Intel inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


Stefan Diggs had high praise for Mike Vrabel saying, I can tell he was a part of championship teams. I'm a huge fan of him. I can't wait to play for him. He got that itch like, you wanna run through a wall for him? Look, when he was at Tennessee, all the guys love play. Some, some coaches. Ocho you love playing for Yeah, it is, it is really that simple. Some guys you just love playing for. You just do. Yeah. Hey, and You know what, what's, what's funny? If you, you could look at the inter I I'm not even playing no more. And I could tell you that coaches, I probably run through a wall for right now. Sean McVay Shannon Han. Yep.


Mike Tomlin. Yep. Pete Carroll. Yep. Brother Abel, Abel, Ray. Mike. Mike. I'm, I'm trying to say I Played against him. Mocho. You did? I did. You know he was a Steelers first. He was at the Steelers first. Well, that that's right. That's right. He sure was. He sure was a Steeler first. I I mean that, that's just, that's that's five players. I'm talking about players, coaches, players, coaches that can, that can, can relate to you and understand exactly what you going through. Yeah. Getting around the game. I'm would definitely be one of my favorite. He'd probably be the first coach. Andy Reed. Yeah. Oh, You know, You know who I left off?


Who? That Goddamn Dan Campbell boy. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Well he might keep me two geek though. Hell, I can't be geek all the way through the week. O yo. Hey, Listen, but listen boy, I, I couldn't play for that Lion's team right now. Well, I got my coach talking shit too. Oh yeah. Ain't no telling. Oh, Joe. Yeah, we in the clear, Nicki saw our apology and she tweeted LOL Well we got a funny little rap bar out of it. Thank you Shannon. Because I was like, shit, she what I done did Now you never cleared it up with the barb.


So we had, so I had to avenge them Ocho You know, it's a whole love for life. But You know, you laugh when I heard it. Hey, You know, listen, I, I, that's a friend of mine, been a friend of mine for a very long time. Obviously that whole young money side. But I'm glad, I'm glad things are sorted out. I'm glad things are sorted out now. This is a a a a step in the right direction. Yeah. In hoping. And I, I'm, I'm gonna tell, I listen, I, I, I'd sit that word and assist like getting her to come on. Come on, come on on home club Shay, have a nice sit down, hash out your differences. Talk about everything she has going on and for sure. I, You know, Nicky, when you have an album dropping, come on, come on.


Sit on down. Yeah. Everybody normally people that have projects coming out come sit down, we talk about it. You get to tell your story without interruptions. So. Yeah. I like it. I like it. That's dope. I like it too. That's dope. A guy posted a video with a caption when it's your first time getting a section in the club. But the math ain't math. And watch this video, Joe. Prices. Oh, he comparing the price back. So he's playing the price. He playing the price. Like okay, if I were to buy it at the store versus what it's like in the club.


Oh, they mark that thing up 300%, bro. Oh, ab absolutely. I mean, if, if you could buy a bottle out at a, at a, at a, a bottle of wine. Say you buy a bottle of wine for $50. Yeah. It's $300 in, in the club. Excuse me. Or a restaurant. Or you buy a bottle of $50 bottle, it's 400, $500 at the club. Because guess what? You ain at that store and if you wanna drink, you gotta pay that price. Listen, I don't, I don't understand how people do it. Huh? I understand the markup. Listen, and, and, and markups are in everything. Everything. Whether it be clothes, whether it be jewelry in the club, shoes. It is, it's just, but in the club with my understanding, the markup on alcohol is outrageous.


Well that's where you make your money at though, Joe. And, and then they, they go in there, they got, You know, they buy a bottle, left a bottle bottle, left a bottle. And then you have some I see on Twitter and I see on Instagrams, you got certain, certain dudes, they go into the club and spend all this money and they have bottle wars. Huh. To see who gonna spend the most money on alcohol. Nah, ain't, and then they be, You know, they be point it out. Yeah. Be point. I ain't never been one of those guys. What kind Of, man, what is y'all, what, what Do we we gonna compete, but it's gonna be, it is gonna be on the field. It's gonna be, You know, it's gonna be something. I I I don't compete trying to spend the most money. I'm good. You win. Hey uncle, it makes no sense. It doesn't, it does not.


Who you trying to impress? And I, it it beats me. It, it beats me. I just, damn man. I dunno. May, maybe I don't understand it because I don't drink alcohol. Maybe that's the problem. I don't understand it. So it's hard for me to wrap my mind around going to a club, having a section, buying bottles, having to come out with the sparkler and You know, the, it it's just everybody has advice. I'm sure people look at me and say, well yo, your black ass smoke cigars. Hey, Did Kenny Martin send you them cigars yet? Nah. Oh nah. What? How we gonna send 'em to him?


What, what, what address? I don't know what I mean. Somebody might have got 'em, somebody might be smoking on them. I Don't know man. Yeah, yeah. Listen, I'm, You know what I'm, me and Ken, we gonna have to tussle. We have tussle. I don't, I don't really wanna do nothing to him because that, that's my boy I love, I love Ken. But that's my boy. But I, I have to put him in the gear. Team Time now for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Oh yeah, yeah. Alright. Oh, you still up? Okay. Back Ke Norwood Jr said unc, which rapper duo would you choose from?


Lil Wayne and Gorilla or Lil Baby and Cardi B. Is this a trick question? Kemper, That's a light. What were you going Man? Stop. I'm asking. Oh yeah, I take Lil Wayne and Ash, Lil Wayne and Ash. Yeah. Who you taking? Hold on, gimme, gimme me, gimme Say which rap duo would you choose from? Lil Wayne and Gorilla or a Lil Baby and Cardi B? I'm, I'm going, I'm going with Wayne. I'm going with Wayne. Duh. Boy, listen, listen. Ain't ain't nothing, ain't nothing wrong with Lil Baby and Cardi.


Now they, they, they, Man look you Wayne a goat. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I Think you ain't got, tell me, I, I been, I I've been in a lab with Wayne now. Whatcha talking about? Yeah. I, And, and I like Glo, I like Lil Realer. Country ass. Hey, hey, hey little funny boy. Hey Glo little funny. You should, hey Don't, don't give no hey every we let, let me clarify 'cause everybody goes now they gonna run. Tell Cardi b Shannon like Gorilla better like you. I had Glow on the show. Yeah, she was unbelievable. Yeah. Glow funny. She was great. She funny. Shared A story. So. 'cause You know, now Ocho, if you say you like somebody, that means you hate somebody else. Right. Ocho, you like bananas man.


Ocho ocho hate oranges. No, he just said he like bananas. That don't mean he hate oranges. Yeah. You see, so now if you, if you like something, that means you gotta hate. No that's not, but if I had to choose, you gave, you gave me two choices. You got A or B, I choose A. That doesn't mean I hate B. That just means I chose A, I think A is better. You, you Right. I mean, Oh, you gotta have for clarification now Ocho Yeah you, I mean you, you do, You know people, people like to take things and run with it. Like, Oh, you bought a car. Oh. Oh, so you, you don't like Mercedes? Huh? Oh 'cause I bought a BMW that means I don't like Mercedes or I bought a gas card.


That don't mean I don't like EVs. So OCHO James Rivero said Ocho 2 million subs by the weekend and hey and you give money to so forth from the chat. Hold on Jay. What the hell you talking about? Give UNCs money to, to somebody from the chat. The hell you say give unc money to unc. How about that? I got you. I got you. That's that's a good one though. I like that. I like that. I like that Nick. Mark said I feel bad for that rookie sense. If Ocho represents sense, we know they don't pay. Right.


You know what Ocho you just like the Bengal they done rubbed off on you. That's What they don't wanna pay their players. You don't wanna pay me. That ain't, that ain't got nothing to do with it. They do You a representation of Cincinnati. I I am, I am like if, if I cut myself right now, I bleed black and orange. You hear me? But at That, well I'll make sure they get somebody get I'm gonna call 9 1 1 so they can get you so they can get over there and save you so I can get my 5,900. You gotta, you gotta understand. See Mike Brown and, and Katie and Troy, they run a a billion dollar enterprise. You know I ain't, I ain't, I ain't got that kind. I ain't got that kind of money. It's different. So they run their business a little bit different. So I gotta hold on to mine until I get extra. When I got extra and I can send you yours.


See how that works. What gonna do with me? The hell Chad? How that work? So you owe somebody, so you owe your car so you got a car payment or you got a mortgage. So you tell the mortgage company, You know what, I ain't got that. So when I get extra, I'll pay you. They say, okay, let 60 days pass and you ain't got that extra, we got something for you. Yeah. That's different. I like, I like that. That's different though. How That different Yeah, the mortgage company want their money. I want mine. Okay, I got you. I'm I'm gonna send it to you. You, you, you done added interest anyway, so I got you. I'm Glen for real said love you Uncle Ocho great show.


We appreciate that Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, Hey fam, can y'all please give a birthday? Shout out to him. My amazing son Xavier. I can't believe he's 29 years old. Thank you. Love X, happy birthday man. I know your mom and dad extremely proud. Great parents, man. Your mom and dad been so supportive. We greatly, greatly appreciate that Doc, appreciate you. You've been loyal. Been down from the very, I remember seeing Dr. Frankie up Bellamy looking at looking down and seeing it. Our first show, we lied that Sunday, that Sunday OCHO in when I was in New York. Yeah. And I looked down and I saw Dr. Frankie l Bellamy and she's been, I mean she came to the Vegas show. She came to the Atlanta show.


She came to the New Orleans show and on most nights she's in here faithfully. So Doc, thank you so much for your support and happy birthday, Xavier. Hopefully you had a great birthday. Yes sir. 29 A got one more before you. The big three. Oh yeah. Enjoy your twenties bro. Enjoy your twenties. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you everyone for joining us. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we wanna thank the head coach of the Delaware State, HBCU three, time Pro bowler, super Bowl champ, DJ Deshaun Jackson, coach, go do what you do.


You're raising, you're mentoring the future. Let 'em be great young man, fathers, husbands, sons, brothers role models. We know you're gonna do great. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for supporting us tonight. Thank you for all the nights that you supported us. We can't do this without you. All the awards, every, all the accolades that we've received before. Nightcap myself for Club Shehe. The love and support that you've given me when I was on undisputed and now with First take.


Couldn't have done that without you. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Thank you for your continued support and loyalty. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock and if you can't find it, any city or a state near you, we're coming to a city or state near you. We just not there Now order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. Best tasting VSOP. Cognac on the market. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies unlimited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Again, thank you for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow night after the game.


OKC, Indiana. Will it be three? One Indiana? Yes. Or will it be two? Two. Headed back to OKC. Find out tomorrow after the game. Thank you guys. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Bobby Bow here with news on the top shelf country cruise setting self February 27th to March 6th, 2026. It's not just a cruise, it's a country music experience at sea. An amazing lineup of performers. Well, we're gonna be there. The Bobby Bo Show. I'm gonna be there. Keith Urban, Lee Brice, Scotty McCreary, Parma Lee, Leanne Rimes. It doesn't end there. We'll also be stopping in stunning destinations along the way. Go to top shelf country cruise.com to book any available state room. Gotta hurry though. These spots are filling up fast.


Wanna feel more creative but don't have the right laptop. lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion. Our PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside, plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The future's waiting and it needs you


In golf. Precision is everything on and off. The course. PGA of America shows advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business, for smooth operations and seamless transactions. Together we enhance ticketing and concessions for better fan experiences. From gate to green, this is pro level efficiency. This is PGA of America with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


This is an iHeart podcast.