
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal Price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Holiday Magic is in the air. And DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom video breaking The tackle Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume you, The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap College Football Playoff Weekend kicked off the first round and it was very uneventful, but you're here with us and we thank you. No game within within was within two scores. Yeah, and that's not good. We understand the home teams had a decided disadvantage, especially when you're dealing with these high caliber football teams. But I'm not, I don't think the college football playoff committee, I don't think they have this in mind. When you're getting beat by three scores, you're getting beat by four scores. That's not good. But here we are. Thank you for joining us. Again. You know who I am. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, that guy.


Liberty City's own bingo, ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Yeah, please hit subscribe button, please hit the like button and do us another favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And because you're joining us tonight, thank you for your loyalty. Thank you for your continued loyalty, and thank you for helping us become what we've become thus far. And with your continued support, we'll get even better and we'll grow even faster. So again, thank you. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock. The holidays are upon us. And what better way to celebrate the holidays than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter.


Now we have expanded. We're gonna be in about 16 stores. We just got distribution in Florida. We just got distribution in Illinois. Yeah. So we'll be in those states at the top of the year, just not yet. So with that being said, if you cannot find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, just order it. She laer she by laer.com. Cognac. We'll ship it right to your house. Unfortunately, we're not gonna be able to ensure you. You'll get it by the holidays. But that being said, we do have it in stock and we can get it to you by the top of the year or the beginning of the new year. So again, thank you for your support. And one more thing, please drink responsibly.


Go check out my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she, she media and my clothing company 84. Our newest releases just dropped last week. And we have stocking stuffers such as beanies, ies, and mugs. Quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours. Hopefully everyone have received or started to receive their orders with the remaining orders being delivered by Monday. And here's the, what the merch looks like. Hey, can I tell you something real quick? Yeah, I'm, I'm very happy to announce that while I was here in New York, my package was delivered to the house. My little brother called me, he FaceTimed me.


I like, I wanna thank, I wanna thank my, my entire team, UNC Ash, everyone else involved, appreciates you for my package. So now you understand what I'm wearing it now for the next two to three months. Oh, you know why This is, this is not officially my travel gear. They, they what? I gave my black so to plate. There. There you go. There you go. Look, I don't mean any harm, but I'll be an all black. So a flight attendants and pilots do not be alarmed. Yeah. Here's the pass to go. The bottoms ocho. Yeah, that's, and I didn't realize this, but check this out, Ocho, we got the zip up hoodie, But be able to tell me nothing.


I'm, Hey, I'm finna treat this like, it's like, it's like it's designer. I'm talking about, I'm talking about Highend. This is high end designer for me. It's high end. Trust me. Yeah. Oh yeah. You ain't gotta tell me twice. Have you felt the quality? Do me a favor. Go back, go back and feel the quality on that, on that cotton. Well, you know, we only gonna do stuff high end. Hey man, listen, boy, that's, that's, that's Why it costs a little more. And I hopefully people appreciate that. Yeah, the cost. But we do use very, very high end quality fabrics because we don't want, after one or two washe, it shrinks or it starts to discolor. So that's why the price point is where it is. And here's the, the stocking stuffers, the, the beanies or Scully or whatever you wanna call 'em. We have those in stock.


So thank you very much. Yeah, like I said, everyone should have started receiving their orders and hopefully the remaining orders will be delivered by Monday, Tuesday. Hopefully you have everything by Monday and Tuesday. Guys, we really, really appreciate you guys. Thank you for your support of supporting all things Nightcap. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. And do us a favor, drop some comments and let us know what you think about the MER that you received and the quality of the merch that you received. Hey again, two tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first, our first spring tour stop. The tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February 6th. What the hell did I do?


Yeah, this I'm, I'm, I'm writing all over it. Like et extra sketch. Hey, I write that thing like it's a extra sketch. I, I don't know. The link pen at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. Yeah, you don't wanna miss it. We have some great guests get being lined up. Thank you so much again guys. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast. Again, best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Those are the two awards that we've been a no that we've been nominated for.


Please go show your support and vote. The link is at the top of the chat pending our social pages and all of our social bios. Oh, Joe, the number eight Buckeyes of Ohio State. Take down the number nine Tennessee volunteers by the score. Take, Take, take down. Take down. We took apart. Yeah. 42 to go Ahead. Hey, I'm now I, I respect the committee, I respect the decisions. Obviously everything is based on how you've done throughout the season as far as the community's concerned when it comes to picking teams to make the playoffs. But it looks like I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you go. It looks like Tennessee didn't even belong.


Not only on the field tonight, but in the conversation, even making the goddamn playoffs. I don't Nobody this weekend. I, I'm, I'm Indiana. Didn't look like they belong. Oh, Clemson, it'd been very interesting had Clemson got it on Fourth and Gold, right? Make it a one score game. Yes, sir. It would've been interesting. But SMU and Penn State 38, I mean two pick sixes. I mean, the game was basically over for all intents and purposes before it got started. Yes, sir. And we saw this game tonight. Tennessee really was never a threat had, and they did a great job surviving. Yeah. Because it Ohio State gone in and gone up 28 to nothing. I felt it was gonna get really, really outta hand even though this game ended up getting outta hand. Yeah. I thought Tennessee could have made something out of it because it gotta stop.


But this game, for all intents and purposes, it, it really wasn't close. No, but what it does, it sets up a rematch between Ohio State and the number one Oregon Ducks at the Rose Bowl. Remember Ohio State lost to the Ducks in Oregon in u Eugene. I think that's where they play by the score of 32 31 on October 12th. Yeah. So it's a very interesting matchup. I think Oregon is like, hold on, wait a minute. How we get a team like this and then these other teams get these others. Right? Not so much Penn. How Penn State get Boise State. That should be reversed, right? We're the number one team. We should get a lesser seed. But it is what it is.


I mean, I think everybody's very excited that they're into college football playoff that made it, obviously the teams that won ocho, they're very excited that they get to move on. Definitely. And they're one step closer to playing for the national championship. The funny thing too, also, listen, I love, I love Ohio. Ohio State. I, I I love, you know, the, the way they've looked throughout, throughout the season, obviously Jeremiah Smith, I, I just wanted, I just wanna say his name, boy, young bull boy, you special boy. I've been watching you since high school. Watch your growth, obviously at the college level right now. You, you look good. And the the rematch, the rematch of that game that they had October 12th, where I think it's a different, it's a different organ now, UNC.


And I think that's why they, why they're able to compete with some of the big dogs. You know, the physicality up front. You know that the org organ is no longer small, upfront, defensively and offensively. The, the, the, the physicality in which they bring, they bring to, to the game now all along with the speed that they do have, it makes them that much more dangerous, you know, to have to deal with when it's time to play. So that's going to be a good game. And I'm not sure if the end result would be any different than it did when they played in, when they played October 12th. Yeah. Didn't what you call them go for the two point conversion. Did Ohio State was, did Oregon get pick up a first down or something? But anyway, it was a very good game.


Very good game. This was what we wanted to see from Oregon. Because normally when they step up in competition and they play bigger physical football teams Yeah. They lose, they normally succumb to that physicality. Yeah. Yeah. But not this time around the Oregon Ducks, they took the number one seed and they haven't looked back. They really haven't been challenged a whole lot this year. So it's gonna be very interesting to see what Ohio State can do if they're, because these teams that know each other, they played each other in the, so obviously there's a few wr new wrinkles out your, that you want to add. Right. But for the most part we've had, but we scored 33, I mean we scored 32 points, so we know we can score on them. Right. But you don't have the advantage of playing at home.


And don't let anybody tell you home field means something. There's a reason why everybody's scratchy trying to get home field. Right. Be it the NBA be it the NFL, be it college, it does not matter. You want to play in front of your crowd. Yeah. But this is a supposedly a neutral site. These, this is what normally happens. The Big 10 normally would play before they, the college football playoff, the Big 10 would always play the Rose Bowl, which is the granddaddy of it all. So it would have the Pac 10 versus the Big 10, no longer with the college, the, the bowl, the way it's set, set up. This is what we get now. But Ohio State looked really good. Wheel high was 24, 29, 311 yards, two touchdowns. They ran the ball.


33 Russians, 156 yards. Woo. Four touchdowns, like you said, Smith, six catches for a buckle. Three, two tubs. I buca Buca, we had five for 81. But they look really, really good. Ocho Yeah. I mean, Ohio State looked really, really good today. Tennessee is not a bad team. No, no. But I think the fact of being on the road, being in that environment, playing against a team that's equally as physical, have the, the same like caliber athlete that you possess on the football field. I think it was a little bit too much for them to overcome.


And their quarterback did not play particularly well. He didn't throw the ball well. 14 to thirty one, a hundred and four yards. They ran it 39 times for 1 52. So that kinda shows you what they're trying to do with the game. Right. Trying to shorten the game. It's, but what you gonna do O Joe when the team races out 21? Nothing nice. You kinda limited, you kinda have to throw your way back in the football game. Yeah. Because you're gonna run out of time. You're run yourself out of the game trying to run your back way back into the ball game. But Tennessee had a a very good season. You figured they made the college be a inaugural college football playoff. Right. I I think that's what you could expect from the Tennessee volunteers. I don't think anybody expected any much more than that. But give the Ohio State Buckeyes credit.


They played extremely well tonight. Anything else you want to add to that? No, that's, That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it, boss man. That's it. Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll learn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com. Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place.


Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future.


It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level.


Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu. Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking the tackle touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're Gonna love This Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday owned on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Alright, The chiefs down the Houston, Texas 27 19. Patrick Mahomes looked really, really good, even though he had to suffer that high ankle sprain against Cleveland last week. Yeah. Andy Reed says he spoils the dog ish out of bus. Yeah. Houston suffered a big, big severe loss. Yeah. Man Tank Dale catches a touchdown, holds onto the ball, but goes down with a sne, severe, severe knee injury. You could tell his teammates were distraught. CJ Stroud who mentioned that he's his best friend, knowing it didn't look good. No. And he immediately pointed to his knee congra.


I mean, think about it. He held onto the ball as he knows something is going on severely with that knee. Right. He did a great job of holding onto the ball, but man, Woo. Yeah. That, that's unfortunate it. And obviously I, a lot of people, you see, you look at the, the emotion on CD Stroud's face, you see the other that, that are part of the Texans. You see even the Chiefs players, I think people need to understand, I know there's a game going on and when the whistle blows in between the lines, you are not friends. But you never wanna see someone part of your fraternity, somebody part of your brotherhood. You never wanna see him down. You never wanna see him hurt. Especially in a situation like that. I mean, mean it's unfortunate. My, my prayers to take Dale, hoping he has a speedy recovery on what are the issue, whatever the issue and the injury may be.


And he gets back to, he gets, gets back to full health and full strength, you know, as, as fast as possible as far as the game's concerned. The Texans didn't help themselves. The Texans didn't help themselves today at, at having a chance to even win the game. Obviously turning the ball over, having two s again, you, you, you pay double for those. Especially playing against the team like the Chiefs who can score at Will and the Chiefs getting points off those turnovers putting you behind the eight ball. Somewhat in the sense as far as the running game goes, they weren't able to, to get mixed and really going enough. Kind of, kind of threaten, threaten the pass game. Obviously before Tank Dead went out.


Hell, he was, he was the, the leading receiver he had I think maybe 70 70 for 90 something, you know. Right. Yeah. Six for 96, 6 for 98 on the touchdown. Yeah. And, and the td, you know, when he went down and after that, the Texans weren't really able to get anything going. They weren't really getting any to get anything going. The running game was okay. It, it, it wasn't enough, you know, for them to be able to, to do anything with this game. And now you just, you can't, you can't turn the ball over against a chief man. Now there was some Questionable, not on the road, you can't turn the ball over against any team on the road, Ocho 'cause you set yourself up, you're, you're asking for trouble. Trouble. Yeah. Most Definitely. Especially early in the game. Like they turned, had that one turnover early in the game. Ocho you Can't do it against a team like this though.


You can't do it because again, like you say, you said all the time moments matter in the game and when No, yes. When no when 15 has those mo those moments when it matters most, nine times outta 10, he's going to capitalize on those moments. You, you just can't, you gotta give yourself a chance to even win the game. I think the thing that's really helping the chiefs, because if you look at the offense, I'm looking at, I, I pulled up Mahomes numbers. Ocho Yeah. He had two 60 today. He had 1 59 against Cleveland. He had two 10 against the charger. 3 0 6 against Vegas. 2 69 against Carolina 1 9 6 against Buffalo. 2 66 against Denver. 2 91 against Tampa and another two 60.


But if you go back and look at, he'd only turned the ball over three times in the last eight games. Yeah. And I think that's why you're not gonna win close. It's hard to win close ball games. Yes sir. When you turn the ball over. Right. If you look at their, their record against one, I think they won 15 or 16 straight in one possession games. Yeah. That just goes to, I mean I don't know if any other quarterback with the way his offensive line opened holes for the defenders to come get him. I don't know OCHO and they don't really have explosive plays. Yeah. If you go look at it, they have the most 10 play drives, but they have like, they're like 27 to 28 and 20 plus yard plays.


Yeah. So that just goes to show you they're nickel and diamond their way down the field. Yeah. But you know this, as the field gets condensed, as you get into the red zone now it gets harder and harder because guys are not gonna dissipate. They don't have to move as far Right. Because they, they know you can't do anything but drop the ball in front. Right. We come make a tackle. But Patrick Mahomes has done a great job of protecting the football, especially the last five games. He hasn't fumbled. I hadn't thrown an interception. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. So you have last five games Ojo. Yeah. He has zero to, he has zero interception. Hey listen. And that's what gives them an opportunity to be in all these games. So now it's a one score game. Ocho, we need to get into field goal range to beat you.


We need a touchdown Right. To beat you. We can get That done beat you won and see it. It's stuff like this to small things like this that you just, that you just mentioned that the casual fan doesn't pay attention to. You know, when it matters most, we at the end of the season, who do you want the ball? And, and who and whose hands do you want the ball in the end of the game? Patrick Mahome. It matter every time. Yeah. In the last 25 years. I don't know if you want anybody the ball in anybody hand. The only person that you can categorically say you want the ball in their hand, 12 over the last 25 years. 12 is Tom Brady. Yep. That's it. Nobody else is even close. Yeah. And that's not a knock on any of the other great quarterbacks. Right. Because they've been some great quarterbacks. Oh yeah. Don't get me wrong. Right. You talk about Peyton Manning, you talk about Big Ben, you talk about Drew Brees or you talk about a Lamar, you talk about a Joe Burrow, you talk about a whomever, Josh Allen.


There's, there's only two. There's only one guy that you say hands down or, and maybe now after what he's been doing over the, over the last three years. Ocho Yeah. Because you're like, damn, they lose Tyreek one of the most dangerous wide receivers in not just recently in the history. It's the history of the game. And they won back to, they won back to back Super Bowls. He's a back-to-back MVP and he snuck another 5,000 yard passing season and a regular season MVP in there. It's hard to say you'd rather take somebody over him in the last 25 years other than Brady. Yeah. I mean, it, it, it's not if, if you watch the game of football, you, you, you understand that no matter who, who you're a fan of, no matter what team you like, if when you look, when you look at the body of work and its totality.


Right. And what my Holmes has been able to do regardless to the piece of changing around 'em and still being able to compete not only at a high level but compete for Lombardi the championship, understanding that it doesn't matter what you move around me. Right. As long as I'm always on point when it comes to my decision making with the ball in my head, not putting my teams, my teams, my team's, my team in harm's way, when it matters most you gonna always have a chance, But your, your TV is on. It's reflecting in the back. It is. Yeah. Yeah, it is. How about that? How about that? Yeah. You know, I, I'd be a little nervous now. I'm scared of the dog now, so I just had the TV on for a little extra lighting. Yeah. I, and, and I ocho I think what what hurts even more is that his teammate, the one that got him Yeah.


On the injury. Yeah. Because he just happened to be there. Yeah. And then he, he, you know, he falls back on his knee friendly fire. It happens ocho it happens a lot of times when receivers are blocking and the piles coming. Yeah. And you get rolled up on Yeah. Or d or or defender. You trying to make a tackle and your guy gets you. Right. But it's, it is tough because they had, they had started, like remember they missed what Nico Collins missed like two or three, like two or three weeks, maybe a month Or because of his hamstring. Yeah. Yeah. And then now you just getting him back and now you see CJ starting to get, try to get a rhythm, get back in sync with those guys and now he goes down, now what you call him goes down Tank Dale, who's the second best receiver.


Yeah. You've already lost Stepan digs. Yeah. So now Mechi and the other guys are gonna have to step up to help Nico College do some of that heavy lifting. Yeah. I thought one of thet the turning points of the ball game was a third and sixth. Yeah. And CJ got the bliss in his face. He needed a great job of getting the ball out. And the ball hit Dalton Schultz in the hand. You dropped it And Oh, but hold on. A, a, a unc, soon as I said it, why the fuck did I think about you? You always said if the ball is be, if the ball is below your waist, your hand placement has to be on. You can't catch a third down and trying to catch the ball below your waist with your hands up like this. You can't, you gotta turn it the other way. Oh, you turn, You turn your hands outta the way. So you, you, you fighting against you fighting the ball.


Yeah. Because the thing is on Joe, you do it like that and that ball hit is gone down to the ground. It Bingo. And that's exactly what it did. Yep. Yep. And, and Listen, small things, little things, you know, but it, it makes a difference because if you catch that third down, it makes a difference in the game. It keeps the drive going. Yep, yep, yep. You're absolutely right. And so it, it also hurts. They, it, it, there's nothing more disheartening. Ocho you get a nice touchdown there, everybody's celebrating. Yeah. And the kicker bring his funky ass on the field than Mr. PT It field. Man. Man, I don't care what anybody say. Yeah. I'm happy.


I'm like, damn bro. How you missed that. Yeah. Listen, ever, ever since the, ever since they moved the field goals back ever since they narrowed the goalpost, the field goal, That was a Coach Belichick decision. Hey, coach Belichick was the one that really recommended it. He said, because it was so, it was too automatic. Right. So guys were making like 90 what? 96% of the kicks and, and it was almost a foregone conclusion. Now, now it's not a foregone conclusion. No, not at all. Not at all. Because we just, somebody who just called a touchdown ocho somebody just had to touch touchdown and they missed a PAT. Yeah. That would've tied the game Game. Yeah. Yeah. Who that, that and that was recently. I I, I don't know. But listen, if that, if that was Bill Belichick's idea, I think it was very good, especially for the game because it puts every, it puts everything at limbo.


'cause you never know, no matter how good kickers are you, Justin Tuckers your Buckner, who miss one who, who missed I think who missed one last week, Tucker who missed some last week, I don't think. Commanders against the Cowboys. Remember the Camp Commanders against the Cowboys? He hit Terry McClure. Yeah. Terry McCluren goes 89 yards, eight yards and the guy comes out there and he missed the BAT. Yeah. Yeah. It's unfortunate. So The Baltimore Ravens defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers about to score 34 to 17. Finally they ccle a playoff spot. Yeah. Move one game. Now they win. Pittsburgh lose, they take over the sole possession of the n of of the A FC South. The two teams are tied atop the division of 10 and five heading into the final two weeks of the regular season.


The Ravens stress ball security all week, turning the ball over 19 times in the past nine games against the Steelers today. It was the Ravens that forced the takeaways. They forced to pick six Marlon Humphrey pick Russell Wilson after Mink of Fitzpatrick had picked Lamar. Jackson. Jackson, yeah. And then Russell Wilson, I don't know why he's, he didn't slide because Russell normally slides. Oh yeah. But Fumble Got into a situation. He thought he could run the guy over and the guy walled him and the ball popped out because Ocho, they're going in to score touchdown. Oh yeah. And now you don't even get any points outta that drive. They take the ball and go back down the field the other way.


Right. But the Ravens played really good today. Yeah. Very, very. But hold on. Hey Chad, did y'all notice anything today? Oh, it did. Did y'all notice anything today? How many, how many carries on how many? 24 carries buck? 62. Ooh. 24 carries. Now guess how many throws Lamar Jackson had? How many? 23. Hey, one. What? One. Oh, You went, you could tell you watch the highlights. Okay. Watching no games. Yeah. UNC has watched a thousand games. Yes sir. And UNC understands how the game goes. That guy in the backfield makes the game a lot easier for Lamar. Yeah. Because now he's shooting fish in a barrel.


You know why? Because when he sticks that ball in that number two, two belly and he pulls it out, all of a sudden them safety's running downhill. Yeah. Because it's, it's very hard to stop six foot 2, 245 pounds. Yeah. With a Light box. Especially when it's gonna coming downhill. Now you, you want, you want, you want somebody that big, you want 'em going east to west. Now if they going east to waist, it is okay. You gotta, you got, you got a chance. But once he's coming downhill, man, listen, may God be with you. But you know what, Ocho they did something different. They did a lot of, they they put him in, they actually put him in the offset. Yes sir. And he did a lot of rolling back, hit the ball going one way and he he ran it back. Yeah. But give that ravens offensive line credit. They did an outstanding job today.


Hell a hell of a job. 'cause you talk about a team that gives up 94 yards a game rushing. Yeah. And today they ran the ball 38 times for 220 yards. Yeah. Really? Well listen, I, I'm not sure, I might, I might be wrong. Correct me if I'm wrong, Ash, if anybody that can hear me in the back, I think Lamar against the Steelers, he might have been one in three, maybe one in four, something like this. Yeah. Against the Steeler. So this is, yeah, this is one of his first times winning in winning in convincing fashion in somewhat of a playoff. A playoff atmosphere. This is what it would be like. This is what would be like, obviously I wouldn't say you, you would be playing the Steelers, but still a game of this magnitude where everything needs to go. Right? Yeah. Everything needs to go right offensively, defensively, they played very, very well.


And for Lamar obviously kudos to him as well. I think he has 36, 37 touchdowns passes. He's thrown this season. Yeah. I think he has 37 and another three Russians. Yeah. So he has 40 touchdowns with four interceptions. Yeah. He has a couple of fumbles career high. But he has fewer, he has fewer than eight turnovers. Yeah. With 40 interceptions. Absolutely. Now, now everybody keeps saying with those numbers, y'all didn't say those numbers last year because Lamar Jackson had 23 touchdowns and eight interceptions. Y'all said it was the record. Look at his team. Now y'all wanna flip it because y'all got got the better numbers. Right? And y'all don't wanna look at the record. Right. So what are we doing? Is it record? Because y'all make it seem like Josh Allen got 22 yards passing.


I just go by what y'all said, right? 'cause last year when Lamar Jackson had 23 passing touchdowns, OCHO and eight in interception, right? They said Lamar was the MVP. Because look at the record, Shannon, isn't it about winning or is it about stats? I just wanna know. Yeah. Buffalo's record. Is it about winning or is it about stats? I'm just asking Chad. Y'all enlighten me. Well, listen, Every, it depends on who you ask. It depends on who you ask. No, your answer's gonna change. Depend on who you ask. The goal posts gonna move too now, but you know, it it, it all depends on who Said damn the gold, the gold line. I mean I thought the field was a hundred yard. Y'all used hundred 50 now. Damn. I wonder why didn't score Can can I ask you a question with the honest answer A chat? Yes.


Y'all, y'all let me know also in the chat if you had to pick today, if there was an MVP tomorrow for you based on what they've done this season. I'm not sure how you Yeah, I don't know how you gauge it. I don't know how you grade it. Who is your MVP Be, be honest. Be honest with yourself and you know, take the favoritism out even if it is your team. Who's MVP Boy? That's tough. It's tough man because it's hard to ignore Lamar's season. Yes sir. The man has 37 passing touchdowns. Yes sir. With four interceptions and he's probably around what, 4,000 yards? What? He had 30 because he was like 3,700 yards. So he's gonna be over 4,000 yards.


Yeah. Tell me you had Lamar Jackson passing for 40 touchdowns and 4,000 passing yards in the season when he got drafted. No, that wasn't on anybody's bingo card because a lot of people said he should move the running back or he should switch positions. And so not only is he gonna have these numbers, he's a two time league. MVA potential three time league MVP. Here's the problem that he's running into. Yes sir. We had this conversation on, on first take is Lamar Jackson's career a failure if he doesn't win a Super Bowl? I said no. I said it's a disappointment right. Because no other two time league MVP has failed to win a Super Bowl. And at the end of the day, that's the only thing that's that's left off this resume.


Huh? Now we can't change it because we like that because we hold that against guys. Right. That don't win. Especially they say well you don't judge Josh Allen. Josh Allen ain't got no MVPs. Well you don't judge Joe, bro ain't got no MVPs. Right. Justin Herbert ain't got no MVPs. So we have to judge Lamar because there's only three guys that got MVPs, regular season MVPs. They're still playing. Yeah. Lamar, Aaron Rogers got four MVPs. He has a Super Bowl. Right. Patrick Mahomes got three Super Bowls, got two MVPs, he got three Super Bowls. So the only other guy that's playing in the league right now that has a league MVP right. Is Lamar, Is Lamar Jackson, Lamar Jackson, Aaron Rogers and Patrick Mahome.


And you know, some people, some people will be upset, some people will argue the fact that Lamar Jackson is treated unfairly based on the standard in which we hold 'em to because of the MVPs. But that is the standard that we hold place. That's the standard though. Yeah. Once they achieve, you know, Thank of that. Yeah. I'm But people, I'm glad you're, I'm glad you're saying Yeah, I'm, I'm Saying what needs to be said But people don't see it that way. Huh? Especially when it's a player you like, especially when you're a fan of said player, you know? Yes. They're able to separate and compartmentalize and you know, and separate Hell, okay, he had two MVPs, but still look at the season he's having. If he doesn't happen to win a Super Bowl, it's still okay to them.


Lamar Jackson has thrown for four, he has thrown for 12 more touchdowns than what he had last year with two games to play. He's already at four basically 400 yards. 400 more passing yards. Yeah. Than what he's thrown for that thrown for last year. He was 25 and five last year he won the MVP because they were 14 and two. Yeah. QBR, he's first in QBR last year. He's second in QBR this year. Yeah. And, and, and I think what's gonna hurt him Mocho is that he got a guy that's got 1500 plus yards rushing in his backfield. Yeah. Oh yeah. They go look at it says, hold on, Josh Allen lost Stefan Diggs. Josh Allen lost Gabe Davis. Josh Allen lost Micah Hyde.


Poirier tr tr White. Right. Von Miller was in and outta lineup. So they're looking at all the pieces that he di didn't have. Right. And it says he got his team with the potential, now it's all gonna be off or not. If the chiefs beat the Ravens, if the chiefs beat the Steelers on Christmas, it doesn't matter because there'll be four, there'll be 15 and one with one game to play. Right. And the bills already have three losses, so it doesn't matter what would happen after that. So they would be at worst case scenario, they finish 15 and two, potentially 16 and one if they go beat the Broncos. But I see a scenario where Patrick Mahomes is not stepping on the field against the Denver Broncos.


If they win, if they win in that game next week. Right. So with that being said, I I, I think it's go, it's, it's very hard to ignore what Lamar's doing. But I think the thing is, because Josh has been so spectacular in the national televised games. Right. Because we just saw him go on the road and do what he did at Detroit and even on a losing record, he did something that hadn't been done in 70 years. Right. He threw for three touchdowns. He ran for three touchdowns and then we saw the guy run for a touchdown catch four touchdown pro four touchdown in the previous week. Right. So it's gonna be very, very hard for Lamar to come overcome that, but I it's a two man's race. I thought it was a two man race the last two weeks of the seat.


Last two weeks. Yeah. But Lamar's right there and everybody's like, well Josh Allen won the MVP last week when he went to Detroit and did what he did. I said, no he didn't. Yeah. I said Lamar Jackson is right. Lamar Jackson is right there and he absolutely 1000% is right there. Derrick Henry again, 24 4 buck 62. Also, with that being said, not Derrick Henry is an elite company. Yeah. With his fourth 1500 yard Russian season, which only trails Barry Sanders, who has five now, if I'm not mistaken, Barry finished his last season with 1498 And he Okay.


And walked away. Yeah. Because if I'm not mistaken, he played the Ravens, he had 1500 and I think he got tackled for a loss. Are you 1491? But he was in the, the Russian titles. He had the Russian title one, the Asbury, did he want to go back in and win the Russian title? And he told him no. He said, I'm good. The Russian title Ocho let that sink in. Yeah. He said, nah, I'm good. He was like, He was, he was a listen, do you know the backstory behind that? I mean the real backstory on why he said, you know what, I can't do this anymore. It has To be Yeah. It Gotta be bad back. It gotta be bad. Well he felt, he felt like he was really, Barry was really close.


They had all a sudden they had gotten rid of a Glover who was one of his best friend who was the center. He ended up going to Seattle. Right. They had started moving pieces and he didn't see them bringing the pieces in that help him compete for a title. Right. He's like, I'm out here doing all this, but for what? Said I walked away. Yeah. And they thought, they thought by holding his money hostage and making him pay that he was gonna come out. You know, I could be wrong, but when I look at Barry and I talk to Barry, right. Barry was good at football. I don't know if he loved football. His dad loved football. Right.


And he loved his dad. Right. Because his dad always gave him that character check. He say, son, you good, but you ain't Walter Payton you good, but you ain't Jim Brown. Right. Because those are the guys that his dad grew up watching. And Barry was trying to get his dad's approval. I believe his dad, I believe his dad loved, he sincerely loved his son. Right. But he wanted his son to chase that level of greatness. And he felt the only way that he could do get him to do that Right. Was to like telling me that he wasn't better. Mm. Better Mr. Sanders. I don't know, I ne I saw Walter play. Yeah. I never got a saw. Got a chance to say Jim play. Right. But boy, you had to see this man play to appreciate.


Yeah. Just how, what you saw, what you were watching. Oh yeah. Because we had never seen anything like it. And you'll never see anything like it again. No, Absolutely not. He could play it all. He could stop on one foot. He could stop playing with both feet. You don't see guys playing with both feet. I'm talking about hop. Yeah. Come to a stop and take off again. Yeah. If you take, if you, if you average up the yards that he lost, he might have rushed for 20,000. Just he rushed for 15,000. Let that sink in. He rushed for 15,000 yards in 10 seasons. That's crazy. No, I don't want, I couldn't imagine Barry behind the Cowboys offensive line that that's not fair. A line that Emmett ran behind.


That's not fair. I couldn't imagine him behind the offensive line that they got right now. No, it wouldn't be fair. How You gonna put it behind that? Oh, y'all, so y'all wanna see the man rush for 2000 yards, like four or five times, huh? It'd be like, man, come on man. Y'all gotta, you gotta understand, like I said, right. He rushing behind that, y'all behind that. But he was sensational. It is absolutely. The MVP is a two man race and I think whomever wins this race, if you make, if you put, if you make me bet money that that means something to me, I would say Josh, but this, this is probably the closest MVP boat that we can, that I can remember With it.


Yeah. It's, it's, it's gonna be, it's gonna be probably somewhere between five and 10 votes to separate 'em. That's how close it's gonna be. Right. You think these last two games matter, these last two games are very important. Oh Yeah. How On how well they play? Listen, these last Games, who The Ravens got the Ravens got the Ravens got the Texans. And who else they got the Browns. Who, who They got the t They got Texans on Christmas right. In Houston. And then they got the Browns in in ho at home. And what about the bills? What The bills got.


The Bills got the, I think they got the Jets and the Patriots twice. Oh listen, I mean listen, I know the Patriots aren't that Oh yeah. They got the Patriots tomorrow. They got the Patriots tomorrow. Right. Then they got the Jets and Buffalo and then they got the Patriots again. I see. You know, the, the funny thing about it is I know the Jets aren't playing that well. The Patriots aren't playing that well, but these are divisional games and Unc you know how divisional games go? Yes. You, you know how they go. Ain't no telling what's going to happen because of the familiarity with the team you're playing, understanding their tendencies. It might, it might go in the opposing favor, but I would love to see, to see Josh Allen have a good game as far as a three time MVP.


I would love to see Lamar Jackson win it as well. But what Josh Allen is doing, being able to put on that cape to lose some of the things around him to be given the keys to that team to be given the keys to that organization and uplifting that team without superstars surrounding them. Yeah. It's awesome. And I don't think people understand how difficult it is to be able to do what Josh Allen is doing without someone you can actually count on, close your eyes and know, you know what? I can go to him and know he gonna be there for me every time. It's been a collective as a group. Yeah. Collectively. Yeah. They've All, yeah. If Holloway is Shaki is those two tight ends. It's do, it's Kincaid. It's Knox.


James Cook has done a great job of running the football. He's done a great job of catching it outta the football. Yes sir. But everything starts to start with that big, that that big quarterback that I think he's number 17, right? Yeah. 17. Isn't that Josh Allen's number? Yeah. 17. Yeah. And it, it, it starts and stop with him and he he's you, you, you find out where you like and the thing is, OCHO 31, 32, you know you gonna get them quarterback power. He gonna run over most people if it's not a, a defensive tackle. Yeah. Oh, he running his ass over linebackers. You not finna stop him. He done got a head of Steve. Yeah. Listen, you have to think about it now. When you think about Josh Allen, his size, he basically is a linebacker. He's the same size as to today. He a defensive being Linebacker.


You know, today's linebacker is much smaller. Yeah. Much smaller. You know, sideline to sideline being able to cover, we, they listen the linebackers, they don't look like Ray Lewis. They don't look like Brian Lacer. So it it is different. Damn. Quarterbacks are the same guy you Gotta be able to cover. You gotta be in space now, man. Oh Yeah, yeah. You gotta be able to move. So that's gonna be very interesting. But the Ravens clin of playoff spot, I think that's John's Harbaugh six times in the last seven years. We know what HARs is, but they got OCHO at some point in time. They gotta put it together now. Yes sir. I mean they, they, I mean Lamar Jackson keep put having MVP season, you get Derrick Henry to take some of the pressure off him. You gotta go far.


Yeah. It's not good enough to get to the a FC championship game again. Right. You gotta go far. You gotta go far.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC,


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools. Tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking the tackle touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


The number five, Texas Longhorn defeat the number 12 Clemson Tigers. 38 24 Sark said he Had a simple message for his offensive line in running backs after Texas. SEC title Game lost to Georgia Run to Win. Yeah, Texas ran the ball. Just 60 combined yards in two games against Georgia. Today the Longhorns ran for a season high 292 yards. They'll now face the Arizona State Wild Sun Devil. Excuse me, that why Sun Devils on January the first. Ocho. Yeah. Hey, that, that they look good. That was the D That was the difference in the game. Upfront. Upfront, the game is won in the trenches and Texas won that game up front. Clemson not being able to stop the run was their demise.


Yeah. You can't compete. You can't get a team off the field unless you can stop the run. You gotta find a way to make it one dimensional. You got to. And they just couldn't do good luck. Yeah. You, they, they just couldn't do that. And that is the reason why they lost the game. It was, it was a good game. I'm, I'm not gonna sit here and say there's no reason Clemson should have made it because obviously they, I mean they're in their They won the conference. Yeah. They, they won the conference. But that was a, that was a week, that was a week conference. You See, I, I didn't wanna say that. I was gonna leave that for you. I wouldn't leave that. But it is, It's the truth. Yeah. North Carolina, NC State, Florida State. Come on, bro. Wake Forest. Yeah. Let's call it what it is. I mean, it was, it's a week conference. Yeah. I Le I left, I left that for you. I, I gave you a lay, I wanted see if you gonna say it. I wasn't finna say it.


K flu. Nick had, he was 26 and 43. 3 36 3 touchdowns won in interception. They didn't run the ball well at all. Right. They were 24 for 76 yards. Basically three yards of carry. Where you look at Quinn ERs? It was 17 or 24. 2 0 2. One touchdown. One ception. But they ran the ball. They had two runners blue, 14 for 1 46, 2 touchdowns. Hold on. Unc, my light done went out. Can you see me? Hell no. I can't see you with the light. What the hell you think I can see you? Hold on. Hell, I think they, they must got a little shortage in the room now. Like you got a, you got a lot of shortage on melanin.


You got too much going on. I see. What y'all see, Chad. I see chain oft. All right. Hold on. This, this ain't the right. I wonder how it ain't. Okay, there we go. Okay, I'm back. I'm back. I'm back. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. There you go. Yeah, they, They need to fit field over here. Now. When you got, they ran the ball 48 times for 292 yards. Four touchdowns. A long of 77. But there are a lot of 22 yard long. 21 yard long, 11 yard long. And they were able to chew clock up. Yeah. It gives, it gives you no chance. It gives you no chance. And They took a pick six back.


Clemson had a pick six, but he got called back OCHO for blocking by. You can't crack Back. Nah. You know, back in the day you used to live for the crack Back and clean somebody clean, clean and clean out, clean out. I'm Trying to get, I'm trying to get his feet off the ground. Hey, I mean That's what, hey, that's what, that's what, because you know they gonna show it Yeah. In the big meeting room on, on Wednesday. Yeah. You can't wait for that. You can't wait for that moment. Man. Listen, That, that's been that, listen, that, that's been outta the game long enough. You gotta know Ukraine crack back. You can't crack back. Get In the way. Throw your hands up if any Yeah. Get in the way. Yeah. Just throw Your hands up. Yeah. Get in the way. Yeah. They call it, they call it blind side block. We, you know, we, we call crack back. Actually, they put that in rule.


They put that Warren Sap when he got Chad Clifton with a Green Bay Packer. Then he knocked, knocked somebody. He broke his hip. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. I remember that. So they, they tried to look, that's a very dangerous play. But you used to live for that play, obviously. They tried to make sure, you know, they tried to protect the players now. And, and actually it was high in wards that got Keith Rivers. Whoa. We broken Jaw. I remember I the game Actually, they called it the highest ward rule. Yeah. Y'all remember that game? Yeah. Remember that game? They call it the Hees Ward, but Hines. But they had to get, because Hines was, oh, hey.


He was getting every for the Ravens. If you play, if, if you piss Hines off, he gonna smile. He gonna smile the whole game. You gonna see all 32 the whole game. But when that ball snapped, your head better be on a swivel. You better. Oh. He go get you. That's one thing that he the best blocking wire people to ever created. Hey, What, what You call, and he took great pride and not only could he block, I mean he, Hey, I think he got, he caught like a thousand passes ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hin he was the integral, integral part of that offense. Integral part of that offense. You know, when you have to crack, wait, what you call it? Crack safety replace or whatever when the safety comes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The exit gotta go in there and crack. Yeah. That that insert. Yeah. Yeah. All right.


All right. Ev every safety your head, your head is on the rouble coming down in that full speed. Hey, hey, with that, when a, when Hinz had that, he had four, what we call four it's force block O. Yeah. Yes sir. Because you know the safety, he gonna rock and roll down sir. So Hines is gonna push up and then he gonna come in. Yeah. And he gonna knock hell out that safety. Okay. Okay. You gonna run. You ain't worried about nothing. Yeah, He Okay. How gonna knock your jockstrap loose? Hey, he, hey. That's one thing about him. He was not afraid Nah. To get dirty. Yeah. He absolutely was. Not guys love playing for him, playing alongside him because you know you gonna get his max absolute best effort.


Very unselfish player. They did a great job because Hines was aqua. I think Hines came out as a quarterback At Georgia. Yeah. Yeah. Well no, he, he went, he went to Georgia. I mean he played but he was a quarterback in high school. He did. He played some quarter. Yeah. I ain't know that. Okay. Well he definitely wasn't, he wasn't, he wasn't gonna play quarterback for the Steel I the head like Yeah, no, no. Yeah. But he's alright man. He was an unbelievable player. Very good. Unbelievable. Very good. Very Good. I think for the Steelers ocho to go back to that touch on that right quick. Right. They gotta get Pickens back. They gotta get somebody that has that ability to take the top off the covers the field straight and can make tough, difficult catches. Yeah.


Yeah. And to make big plays. Listen, yes. Calvin Austin is it Calvin Austin the third? Did I say that the right way? Yeah. Calvin Austin. Hey Boy, that boy fast boy. Sk hey SK made some plays today for him. The guy that he used to be at the Rams. Yeah. He's mainly a special teams Maven. Yeah. But hey, when you're down to your last couple, Hey, hey son, get out there. Can you catch the ball? Hey, you next man up, huh? Yes man up. But it's not the same as having Pickens out there who can no stress the the field hell now. But he makes it easier for your offense because it's somebody that the Ravens have to account for and double team allowing everybody else to do what they need to do. But they need to find another, they need to find a way. They need to find a way to get Calvin Austin more touches putting him in positions to make plays with that kind speed they got.


They gotta find a way. They got to, they got to find a way man. Yep. Ocho. Yeah. The Penn State Nittany Lions, the number six Penn State nit Lions run rough shot over the number 11 SMU Mustang 30 18. Can We blame the weather? Sm u Huh? Can we blame the weather? No, they just better team. They not, it could have been 70 and dry. It could have been, it could have been playing in Hawaii. They could have played in Tahiti. They could've played in Bo Bo. It doesn't matter, Joe. I mean, Hey, so you think SMU playing in warm weather, you don't think it would've fa it, it, it would've been a better game from them based on what we saw.


Maybe a better game. Okay. Okay. But I don't think they beat Penn State, right? No, no, no, no, no. Probably not. No, no, No. SMU had four red zone trips. Penn State had two. Penn State got 14 points off their two red zone trips. Right. SMU got three defensive touchdowns. Penn State had two s. MU had none. Nicholas Singleton and Kai Chiron, Allen Penn State combined for 29 rushes and receptions of 195 yards with three touchdowns. Ocho it's hard to overcome one pick six let alone two. No. Do you, do you know how good your offense would've to be? You would have to have that 2019 LSU offensive team to be able to get back from a, from a two pick game.


Yeah. You would have to have some unbelievable firepower and a quarterback with elite decision making after turning the ball over twice to be able to come back from something like that. It's, I and it's Impossible. And you better hope your defense is good because you've already spotted us 14. 14. Yeah. So your defense is gonna have to get stops also Ocho Yeah. Because if I don't give you points for my possession. Right. How do you, how do you, how do you score enough? Because you're already down. Let's just say for the sake of argument, you spot me 14. Right? I kick the ball to you. You go get seven. Now I go down the field and I get seven. It's 20, it's 21. I've still got a 14 point lead. Right? So at some point in time, your defense is going to have to make stops or you gonna have to do what their defense did to you.


You're gonna have to score on their possessions And you, you know what happened. This is the perfect scenario that you just named, not only spot 14. What the hell happened to the goddamn Detroit lion when they paid Buffalo Spot 14. Spot number 14 Then, then you had to do stuff, you had to panic. You had to do stuff like kicking on side with 12 minutes left to go in the game. 'cause you need that possession back to be able to get yourself back in the game. Yep. Penn State ran the ball 40 times for a buck 89. Yeah. Three touchdowns alar, 13 pass attempts. No 22 pass attempts. 13 completions 127 yards. He's coming back and he should because unless he wanna be like a seventh or eighth round draft pick.


Yeah. They don't have a No. Yeah, you gotta improve. Gotta Yourself. He's definitely not ready to go to the NFL right now. Gotta improve. So I think that's a very, very wide decision. But I tell you what this win does do it, it quiet some of the natives at Penn State for James Franklin. Right. He needed this one. Yes, sir. Because boy, Who they was owning. Huh? Can you imagine they was owning What? Yeah. Yeah. Because the thing is ocho, he, he, no matter how good he can't find, he can't find a way to beat Ohio State. Ohio State. Yeah. He could be number one. He could be number two. It doesn't matter. Yeah. And he hasn't found a way to win that game. Right. He hasn't found a way. I mean, you know, even when he had saquon Yeah.


Yeah. And they had it outstanding game, but then somehow they still ended up, they it still ended up losing, losing to Sam Donald. But this was, like I said, OCHO look, and I'm not trying to be Debbie Downer 'cause I don't really care about, you know, I didn't go to any of these schools, but I don't think that it, the committee, I don't think fans like this. Now, obviously if I go to Penn State, I love it. Right. If I go to Ohio State, I love it. State. I go to University of Texas or who did I Indiana play last night? Not Dame. If I went to one of those schools, I love it. Right. But Ocho the fans that's watching at home that didn't attend those universities, right.


I mean, the game, they wanted the games to be closed. They want the game to be interesting and competitive. There's nothing interesting about 38 10. No, there's nothing interesting about 40 42 to seven 17. Excuse me. There was nothing interesting about that Notre Dame IU game because nobody thought Right. That IU had any chance of winning once they got down 14. Nobody thought that. Like I said, it might have been got interesting, had Texas could have gotten that ball into the end zone on fourth and gold. Right. And make it a one score game. Can they get a stop and get the ball back and go down the field score. But these games left a lot to be desired. Now it's gonna be very interesting to see what type of game that we get in the semifinals. Yeah. But Ugh, It, it, it left, it left a lot to be desired.


And I, I just think the thing is lot and I think when you look, you're dealing at these level of teams, ocho Right. I mean, at some point in time, I think Penn State was a top five team, but some of these teams were top five. Yeah. And you gotta go in there to their building a good time and you're going into their building and you're not familiar with them. Yeah. I can't remember, I can't recall in my lifetime the last time that Clemson has ever played Texas or SMU has played Penn State. Yeah. Different Indiana. Maybe Indiana's played Notre Dame. Yeah. But, but these games It is different. And, And Tennessee definitely not playing Ohio State unless it's in a bowl game.


Nah. But yeah, these games left a lot to be desired and the committee. But like I said, Ocho I mean, where you gonna put 'em at? You can't put 'em on neutral site. They gotta go come there because they gotta go. So you, you know, try to get a home game. Obviously I like to get a buy that way I don't have to worry about it. Yeah, you gotta do it. And I think Georgia, hell, Georgia is the peach mode. No, I think the national championship is in the, is in Atlanta. Where does Georgia play next week? Are they in Atlanta too? Probably. Probably. Right, right. I think It's the Peach Bowl. I think Georgia Right next. Georgia back.


What? What? Oh, it's the quarter finals. It's the quarter finals next week. Then the semifinals. Okay. The sugar bowl. Okay. Georgia go to New Orleans. Who's in, who's in, who's in what you call them? Peach Bowl. Okay. Yeah. That'd have been, that, that'd kind of been kind a little bit unfair to have Georgia right back when they played the SEC championship game. Right. Which is an hour drive from what it actually played the home game. So would that would make it a home game. Damn. It definitely would've made it a home game. Lane Kipping on games so far we to keep us on the edge of our seat committee.


Riveting. Hey Lane, you can't hate from outside the club. You, I mean, bro. A you talking about his lame? I bet his lame is f in there. Well, you not in there. You don't know. Yeah. I mean, like, I think Joel clan had a a, a clap back. Said my former colleague at Fox, if your team played half as well as you tweet, you likely would've been in Yeah. Eli. Yeah. He, I mean, but that's Lane. You already know what La Lane loves to talk. It's been him. It's been him. This is not new. This is part, this is part of his m mo part of his m mo this way.


He's always been. And they wasn't that bad now. No, but but you can't lose to the game. The games they lost and then complain, bro, you lose to Kentucky. They lose. They they lost like some games that they they absolutely shouldn't have lost. Yeah. They should have won. Yeah. Who did Ole Miss lose to? Yeah, you lost that. You lost the Kentucky you lost to Florida. Yeah. Oh, Florida and Florida. Florida was bad. Florida was bad. Florida was bad. LSU was bad. It was bad.


Ocho. Yeah. The number that, the number seven Irish, the fighting Irish of Notre Dame took down Indiana 27 17. The MV MVP seemed to be the no. A Notre Dame defensive coordinator Al Golden. He stepped, he was a step ahead. A play called a Mike Shanahan. That is real day


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thursday night Football is on and it's only on Prime Video. Breaking the tackle Touchdown This week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love This Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on, on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime details.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


The who drove the Notre Dame territory on for their first five drives, but just got field goals from it. And you know, hey, when you play big boy football, you play for, you know, you try to win championships, you can't kick field goals. Yeah. Field goals get you sent home championships, win touchdowns wins you championships. Yeah. And that was really the difference in the ball game. But there was a stretch there. But I'm like Notre Dame, y'all can't, y'all can't do anything. Nah, I mean, excuse me, I IU you can't do anything. And, and listen, I-I-I-I-I don't They just didn't belong unc. They, they just didn't belong. Now out outside of who you played during the season, of course you look good then.


But there's levels to everything. There's levels to competition. There's a reason. It is, there's a reason for everything. You know, in, in boxing there's reason for weight classes. You know, you, you, you wasn't in your weight class. And that's no disrespect to them. You, you just want No, you don't have a team. You don't have a team reassembled that can compete with the type of teams you're playing. Like the Notre Dame's, the pin. I mean, you, you just don't, that's that just the, the way the landscape is. You know, the fact that you were able to make it and, and, and compete at that level and, and try to see where you are as a team. It's just different thought weight for a reason. I mean, they had, Notre Dame defense had 10 tackles for losses.


Three sacks. Hey. And I was concerned about Notre Dame. Yeah. Because didn't they lose, lose to northern Illinois? They lost to some like team that you would never think that would beat Them. They shoulda have won. They should have won. They Lost to a and m or, or Northern Illinois? No, I think the, the be Yeah, they lost it for Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, damn. And then, you know, I was like, bro, they about to start calling for Mike Freeman's job, but he turned it around. Yeah. I think he got a contract extension. I like him. I don't really know him that much, but I, I, I like his demeanor.


I like his personality. I think he'd be like a guy I would really like to play for him. He's a player's coach. Yeah. But he gets, he gets into it. I mean he's high fing the guys. He's chest bumping the guys. He's hey, he, he's like, he's a fiery type of guy. Right. And I could see why guys go there. I could see why. Guy, I couldn't have got in. He'd have to go somewhere else for me to coach me. 'cause I ain't getting in to Notre Dame with my grades. Ain't no sense. Ain't no sense me ain't no sense to me fooling nobody Ocho I'm not getting in a Notre Dame with my grades. Yeah. And I don't wanna be in a situation where I gotta spend all my time in study hall. And I ain't gonna be, Hey coach, I ain't gonna be able to make practice today. I gotta study for this exam. Coach ain't gonna be able to make practice today. Hey, because Coach Davis tell, hey, y'all ain't down here on no academic scholarship now.


No. Y'all ain't finna be missing no damn practice talking about y'all got class. Yeah. Hey Bill Davis said hey, your last class need to be at one o'clock because we start, we start praying at three. You better be out there. What? Oh, that's funny. Hey man, bill. What a, he said a, they paying, they a, they they paying for you. You got an academic scholarship. Right. He said I saw all y'all grades. Ain't none of y'all got no academic scholarship. Hell No. I was done at 12 o'clock. 'cause I needed to get me a hour and a half nap bojo. Oh, before you, before you got practice, huh? Yeah. Yeah, because my classes, I started my class at eight o'clock. Eight o'clock in the morning. Anytime. I'm an early riser. Yeah. So, so yeah, we, we the same, I'm an early riser.


I'm an early riser. So I go eight to nine, nine to 10, 10 to 11, 11 to 12. I'm done for the day. Go eat now. Go go get my go eat lunch. Yeah. Go back to the go. Get me a 90 minute nap. Get up and walk to practice. Coach wouldn't let us drive to practice. So we had to walk to practice, which is like a, which was like a half a mile. Oh, that ain't bad. Yeah, it ain't bad. That's, and then we jump, then we catch. Because back then they, they won't let you do it now. But people used to cut through the campus. Yeah. To try to get to, you know, to try to get to the other side other where they were going. And so hell, we jump on the back of their truck, we get a ride up and then rest. His, rest his soul. Big love. We had a, an offensive line.


We call him big love. He jumped on the back of the truck, wasn't holding on. The guy took off and he fell. His fatted Lord ripped. He fell outta the truck. O Joe. He ain't hurt himself. We hurt ourself laughing man. You know Ocho, you know it's something like that. It don't matter. We laughing. Yeah. No matter what. Well, hold on now we gonna check and make sure you all right before we laugh now are you okay before we let this laugh out? He ain't hurt nothing If we see you moving and if we see you moving anyway even, But I already tell you, if you do something reckless, they're gonna need two ambulances. One because you hurt one. 'cause I'm gonna crack my side laughing.


So Hey, go ahead. Call two of them and then Coach Davis cut that out so we couldn't jump on the back of the truck. We couldn't get a ride because the guys would always come through. They come in with pickup trucks and stuff like that, you know, work trucks. Hey boys, y'all need a ride? Yes sir. Hey, we jump in the back of the truck. All right. Yeah. He ruined it for everybody. But Coach wouldn't let us drive. I mean everybody didn't have no car but Coach wouldn't let us drive to, to practice Now the game, it used to be we had to walk to the game. I said Coach, I'm not gonna be able to walk to the game. Come on Now. I got this nice, I got this nice ride coach. Come on now. Yeah, come on. And you can't mess up the outfit too now. Walking to the game. What outfit, man, we ain't coming to, Hey bro. Like they be coming to the game now, Ocho.


Yeah, we wasn't coming to the game like that. No bro. We coming off with cutoff. Hell nah. We coming off with great because you know back then Ojo, everybody wore grades Right? Yeah. We were cut off t we wore a cutoff t-shirt. But ain't nobody dressing up. Okay. Okay. Okay. But shoot. But What, Listen, listen. Game day, game day. I mean I, I know it wasn't, it wasn't prevalent when I was playing. Boy. I would say they actually had my Dickies, my Dickies crease bro. I ain't gonna lie with y'all. I don't think, I don't think I tried to have sex one time after the game and locked up. That was it for me. Yeah. That was it for me.


I tried it one time. You can't, You gonna lock, you gonna cramp up. I did. Yeah. And I did no more. Oh no, no sir. That's it. So it wasn't no sense. Who So who was I dressing up for? Oh, First of all, ain't nobody gonna see me Ocho. Yeah. Because where we go off the field and go go into the building. Can't nobody see us? Yeah, you can't see us anyway. Yeah, you right. Yeah. So no that, so that was it. It wasn't, no, it wasn't no sense in me, you know, dressing up because it wasn't nobody gonna see me. Right. And you know I had me on boutique, you know, so we just go chill. Oh. Oh you had, you had some back then, huh? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know. Okay, go get, you know we get that chicken box. Get that three piece chicken box with that truck driver steak. That honey bun? Yeah. And a Coca-Cola.


What you know about the honey bun? Man, that's your truck driver steak. Okay. Okay. I like that. If you are a truck driver, you know about honey buns and vinyl sausages. Yeah. If you don't know about nothing else, But I know bet. What you know about putting that honey bun in the microwave for 12 seconds though. So you like a nice hot, huh? Yeah, Not, not hot. Just a little little loop. Little warm Loop. Warm loop warm. Feel like it just came out the oven or something. Boy. Ain't Nothing like owe your honey buns like $3 now. Yeah man. Who you telling? Hold on, I got Went to the store. I got one more for you. Tell me please tell me, you know about the big Texas cinnamon roll? Yeah. Oh Yeah. In the purple. In the purple. In the purple. I don't want no the SNA though.


I get the center, I pull the center out, throw the rest. I go to ci bun. Yeah, I get the center throw the rest of the way. Oh yeah. Oh man, listen man, you take That. Oh. So I went to the store and I said, ooh man, they got these sun bee honey bun man. Them 3, 3 39. Man, I put that thing back. So I give a whole pound cake for for eight. Expensive. Expensive. Hey, bad Y'all better kid outta here While we speaking of, while we speaking of snacks. There's something else I used to love growing up recipes to my mama. Man. My mama used to always get from Publix, obviously she was living in l in LA at the time when I was going to Santa Monica College. And one of the things that I love that she got from Ralph's and or v's at the time was Lemon Crunch Cake. I don't know if you ever had the Monds, the Inman's Lemon Crunch cake.


It Edmonds. Yeah, I know about in Crunch Cake. Yeah, absolutely. Oh my goodness man. I just had, I just had an eight pack of those chocolate donuts. O Joe Chocolate donuts, man. Edmond Chocolate Donuts. I had them. I haven't had that Lemon Crunch cake since my mama passed away. Man. I I, I wish I could find it because they, you know, in Miami, in Publix, they don't sell Lemon Crunch cake. It's, it's something, it's like pound cake. It's how you say Monds intimates Monds Edmonds. Yeah. I, I I don't see the Lemon Crunch cake no more. Like they did back in, back, back in the, the early two thousands. Man, I'm, I'm, yeah, I can find it again. Yeah. But that was like I said, I was like, I remember I used to you give Honey Buns four four.


Yeah. I was like, I, and I understand, understand things cost more now. Oh two. Yeah, but not, no. How you go for a quarter to three and a quarter? You gotta think the ice cream truck. Y'all had the ice cream truck. Where you from? That man? No ice cream truck coming in? No country. Okay. So I'm telling in the, in the city where I'm from in Liberty City, obviously the ice cream truck donuts was a quarter. The honey buns with 50 cent. And we got, we got quarter juice. You know the quarter juice? Yeah. The judge know what Y'all call them. Quarter juice was a quarter. Yeah. And Jungle Juice is called Fruit Punch. A little Jungle Juice. Yeah, I know. 25 Gallon Jungle Juice. You know About Jungle Juice? It was 50 cent Fruit Punch. Yeah, It was. And I love Tatian Treat. Do they still make that Tahi? Anybody know about Tahitian Treat?


I ain't never heard of that. It, It got, it's a, it's a white and red can and it got like a palm tree on it. Google it. The Heian treatian tree now by Drake. My brother probably, my brother know it. I should he sleep. You call it, man, that joke hit the roof, man. Hey man, if I call that joke, he, he gonna think something wrong. I come this time. Oh yeah. Oh, oh. That he loses mind. Oh. Somebody's like, yeah, I know about Tahitian Treat. Oh yeah, but man, them Honey Buns, four Honey Buns a quar a dollar. They was a 400 bun for a dollar and you get soda.


Back then sodas was also a can soda just like it is now. Yeah. Instead of $2. It was a quarter. Yeah. So it was bought for But you know how much you could, stuff you could get for $2 back in the day? Yeah. It was 50 cents. It was, it was 50 cents for me. Yeah. That I, Hell, I remember when the movies, the big movies was a Dollar, not No Dollar movie. You know the movie that done been out in the theater for Right. For like two months, three months. You go to those $4, the actual movie cost a dollar. That's crazy. That yeah, that'll go way back. Like My, my my, my Mind how times have changed? Boy. Yeah. How I wonder how much, how much a movie cost? No, I went to the movie in La movie like 22. Oh wait, wait a minute. I just, I just saw at Magic Johnson Theater, I saw Gladiator on the first night or the first day it came out.


Yeah. I don't remember how much. I don't remember. I don't remember how much it was, but it was, it was, the price ain't the same. It definitely ain't the same as it was, as was as it was back in the day. Oh hell no. Maybe it's because I went to, I pick because you know, I pick got the rec reclining chair eat everything Blanket. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You didn't get the, they used to give you warm popcorn for free. Right now they charge you for the popcorn to come around. But you know, you get food Ocho Right. You get like Burger, you can get pizza and chicken tenders like that. So maybe it costs a little more now. But what's a regular movie y'all call? What's a regular movie cost? How much a regular movie cost. Like you go to a MC or something like that. Somebody $12, $14 a person. Somebody said $47.


47. 47 for Wicked. You better took three people, four people with you. $47 for one person. Somebody said popcorn, somebody said popcorn at a theater cost $475. Oh, they, oh, they get you. Or you better eat a belly fool because if you don't, a, they get your aid because they got you in there now. But now y'all don't know. I, I can't tell nobody, but I used to take my own twizzlerss in there. Y'all if it hit me over here. Huh? How? Oh, you had it in your pocket? Yeah.


Yeah. I I, no, I've seen, I've seen stories about, about people, especially women bringing, Oh, put 'em in per and put 'em in the purse until they, they started checking Own snacks, bringing it they own everything. Yeah. Yeah. Come on man. I mean, $7 for Twizzlers when you can go to, you can go to CVS Right? And get, get the five pound bag for three. Same thing. Yeah. Most De and y'all selling ones with like 10. Oh no Bro, I ain't got it like that. That's, that's no different than going to alcohol to the store and getting your alcohol in the store as opposed to buying the same goddamn alcohol in the club. Now I don't frequent the club. I don't go to the club, but I understand the markup and you willingly pay for it. You willingly pay for the markup in the club. Yeah.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Well you it's triple whatever, whatever, whatever. I mean Yeah, it's triple. Yeah. I mean 'cause a bottle's probably gonna cost you like $300. 300 a bottle. Yeah. Oh yeah. But nah, The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and Holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.