
This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully, I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents, ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare Match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


The Volume an interview has surfaced some ad man said he wants to face the Warriors in the fail playoffs. And I want go get the Warriors wherever they at. I want to get them reporter. Why the Warriors? And because Draymond talk so much trash. And that's pretty much the only reason I Like see man, that's, Hey Joe, what you expecting? Huh? That's, that's what I'm talking about, man. We need, we need more of that. Something everybody, everybody likes to just play the game of basketball. But when you bring that entertainment value like that, that makes you want and hope that the Warriors and the Wolves have a series, it's 'cause of something like somebody like that can, that can talk it and they can walk it.


It may, it just makes, it, makes it that much better. That's why I say I would love for him to be the face of the league. No disrespect to Jason Tatum, great player. NBA champion, You know, NBA champion All star, You know, Olympic team. He has all these accolades, but it just doesn't add up to that aura and it factor that Ann has. Like, that's, that's man. Listen buddy Raw. Buddy raw man. Hey, hey, for, for the story, for the story Ocho. This one here gonna go down in the books. See the one team that was at home tonight cheering was the Timber Wars. They were cheering for the Warriors for a number of reasons. They play the Warriors, they get home court advantage.


See the them. But if, if, if the Rockets would've won, they would've had to go to Houston. You see what I'm saying? So Timber Woods's got home court advantage. They know and understand, You know, the, the, the moment and what it presents. And like I say in, man, got this hit list. He Finn add, he, he tried to, he got a couple more people he finna add to this list, add to it, add to it. Do you, Hey, When, hey, when, when they series start, Joe? It probably Tuesday. So look, think about this Ocho. That series gonna start Tuesday. You just coming out for seven game grueling series against the Rockets probably weigh you down a little bit.


The Timber Wars been at home, kinda resting. They got their feet up a little bit, but they gonna be ready. They probably gonna look a step or two faster than the Warriors on game one. Yeah. Yeah. Now why, why why'd Rudy Gobert go out there and forget how to play basketball? Draymond, take him completely. Oh no, this finna be WrestleMania. We was just talking to Bianca. We we just talking to Bianca. What, by week, week or two ago? Yep. And this finna be WrestleMania. This must see tv, Rudy Gobert and Draymond Green. Oh yeah. Y'all already know how this thing gonna go down. Yeah. In a, a span of 12 months, the w have sent home Kevin Durant, Nicole Yoic, Luca Dage and LeBron James.


Aunt Man is looking to add Steph Curry to his list. Lemme ask you a question. How many games? Who wins? And in how many games? I'm gonna start with you. Who wins and how many games? Oh Man, this is a good one. Listen. What? Well, Anthony Edwards playing the way he's playing Rudi Berry, if he can have another game, not, maybe not 27 again, but he, he contributed on both ends of the court, giving them second chance points, rebounding, defensively, everyone else contributing as well. I say it's gonna be another seven game series. And I got Ant man, I got Ant Man pulling it off. Add another one to the hit list. What you got, Joe? I don't got no seven games serious.


I got this, I got the TW winning this in about five or six games on Damn. Five, six. Yeah. What's wrong? I only, I only, I only said the seven because Steph and Dre ma and them boys are used to playing in this type of atmosphere. So I'm saying they gonna stretch it all the way to seven. But if you say five or six, You know better than me. 'cause you played, I just be in the YMCA. It just, hey, this just, this just my opinion Ocho, I I don't it to be true now allow me the right to be wrong. Right, right, right, right, right. But, but what I'm in, in my assessment, I'm thinking of, okay, seven games series. Butler didn't look like, he didn't look like, he don't look like he moving good even though he played a, a decent game tonight. He played a good game tonight. Him and Steph look like they kind of hobbled and gimbled a little bit and going into playing against these T Wolves.


They gonna be ready man. They hungry. They ready, they sitting and waiting. It's going to come. I think like, because my thing is who's gonna do, who, who's guarding Jew Randall. Right. That's what I wanna know. Because if you go big and you put Kaon Loney in there to deal with, 'cause now you, you mess up your spacing because if you put Loon in there and you, and you have Draymond Jang with a Jew Jew Randall the load. Yeah. You gotta be ready to bang with it. Yeah, they, it is, it's it's going be, it's gonna be a tough one, unc, it's, it's gonna be some noses to nose in this series, You know? 'cause Yeah, ju is ran well, I could definitely see, I could definitely see Rattling Dre Bar getting into it, You know, You know it's gonna happen.


I think, I think one of the weapons for the Warriors, man, they gonna have to try to find a way to get commingle back into the fold because they gonna need him in this series coming up, man. You know, and they kinda, it kinda showed the day they kind of need, they needed him early, but I think they gonna need him throughout this series. You know, he, he got, he he got youth on his side. Yeah. He's, he's played in big moments. He knows, he knows what the what he knows what, You know, he's capable of doing. I think they need his productivity, You know, especially coming up in this series. He hadn't played in a while. I know they threw him, they been throwing him out there, here and there. But they gotta try to find some consistent minutes for him. I like, I like the, I like the T Wolves also because I don't know when they go to the bench, NAS, NAS Reed who's going to deal with it.


Right. Because not only can he shoot this screen and stretch the floor, he can down also go down and post. Yeah. So now you, you gotta think about it. That's Moody, that's Minga, that's trying to deal with a big a, a, a big a true big. Yeah. And that's why, that's why I favor the T Wars because of them big bodies that they have that they can throw at 'em. They, they big bodies can score and they can play mate. So, and, and they guards sit down and they, and they play D McDaniels, the Edwards, Alexander Walker, Alexander Walkers d those, You know, those are some guys, You know, obviously we gonna win you games throughout a series. So I get a t Wol the Edge man. I think it's going to be a, a phone on the watch.


Gary Peyton Thei didn't play tonight. He was dealing with an illness. He's gonna get a lot of minutes on Adman. They're gonna try to wear Adman down. They'll probably have commingle deal with him. They have Moody deal with him. They'll have Gary Peyton the second deal with him. They'll, they'll, they're gonna try to throw difference because I don't think anybody can stop him. You are gonna try to get the ball out his hand wherever you can make somebody else beat you. Lakers did that and, and McDaniels had a great series. Na Reed knocked out some big shots. Obviously Drew Ramble gave you what he gave you. Probably 20 at probably average 22 and eight. Yeah, for the, for that series. This, it's gonna be a very, very interesting matchup. It's gonna be a check. I'm gonna see how Fi is what he gonna do with, with Steph. How you gonna defend Steph?


Because Buddy Hill's like I, I'm gonna make y'all play because y'all make it seem like I can't shoot no three. Y'all know I can shoot these three. Man, listen, if you don't scratch and game six, how we expect for you to come out and give a third something in Game seven. Come on man. Yeah, come on. We ain't nobody expecting. I'm like, this man is no, he, he, he out of it. Hey, when you hit that shot? What that at the end of the hat? Yeah. I said, oh yeah. I said, hey, it's good things good. You living right? Huh? You living? Yeah. Oh, hey, hey, for a guy, for a guy who couldn't make a shot in game six to hit that, like yeah, that's, that's a confidence. That's a confidence builder. Hey listen, I so You know now, You know.


Yeah. I don't, I, he like, because he had 23, he had 23 in the first half. He didn't give you none in the third quarter. I don't think he scored any in the third. Did he score in the third quarter? I think he got his 11 in the quarter. Yeah. He said he done. Hey, hey I, he said I got y'all that I got y'all this lead I spotted y'all. So, okay, Steph at Jimmy, y'all, y'all y'all parents Home. Home. Hey, I don't, I don't know how much the NBA is a copycat league. As you watch a series and knowing you, you playing up the following team coming up next, like the NFL is you see something work on another team and then you just copy that and do the same thing. Well, You know, You know how to, to slow Steph down, You know, maybe not stop, but contain 'em and just do the same thing that Rocket was doing defensively. The wolves are capable of doing that.


Yeah. They're capable of doing the same thing. I Think, I think the rockets, the, the wolves might have better defenders, individual defenders, right. Jay McDaniels is the individual is a, is a better individual, individual defender. So you saying no than anybody that wait Individual defender, I don't think there's really nobody off the dribble that can stay with Steph. Regardless. Regardless of who, who It's No, no. Look, ain't nobody really dealing with nobody wanna load Joe. This is the best of the best. Okay. Okay. Right, right. You just, you try to make it as tough as possible. So if he gives you 20, if he, if he averages 27, you try to hold him to 23. Right. Or if he gets his 27, you try to make it as inefficient as possible. Possible. Right. But you go out there and say, oh yeah, oh you average 27, you ain't getting with 12 today. Right. Go. Okay, good luck with that. Yeah.


Nah, but I, I think, I think, I think T Wolves got the defenders to to, to, You know, wear 'em down throughout a series, You know, long range of guys, You know. Yeah. Who gonna be pesty? Pick him up book court, You know, just don't give him nothing easy. Man. I watch when I be watching the game, they take Steph out the game. They be playing four on four out there. That man be standing at half court. He, his man don't even be looking at the ball. But I, I got, I got, I got the T Wolves and Made, made a young fella legacy continue. Yeah. I think he, he, he, I think I I I think he's going special. I think he's gonna be special in this series.


I, I do too. And, and, and, and is a big game performer. I think the best thing that happened to Ant was going to the, the Olympics. Yeah. And being around kd being around LeBron being around Steph Curry. Like, okay, I'm where I'm where I Belong. Gotta do. Yep. Yep. Amongst the graces. Yes. And so how they, how they approach it, how they get themselves prepared, how they go about their business. Now look, he's not gonna, that's, that's not what he is. He, he, he's not going to be as buttoned up as LeBron and Steph. No, but you got, you just gotta accept it for who he is. That's who he is. Yeah. And that was, and you heard what you just said.


Yes. He doesn't have to be as buttoned up and he refused to be that. Yeah. He's authentic to himself, which is why he's so relatable to everyone else. Why everybody's gonna be a fan. And you'd have some people that had to bring up stuff that has nothing to do with on the field and I mean on the field, on the port Anthony Edwards. But man, IIII love and appreciate anybody that remains true to themselves and who they are without conforming how they Think you should be as an NBA player. Yeah. But no, I don't, I don't just necessarily think it's an NBA player because every player's not held to the same standard as LeBron and a Steph Curry. Everybody wasn't held to the standard like Jordan.


Everybody wasn't held to the standard like birdie magic. Right, right. Or Kobe it there, there's difference. But when they say, okay, when they talk about the NBA and they have these pictures up there, your face is front and center. When they, when when the NBA marketing campaign, they want you front and center. Right. It's just, it's different. Now you gotta realize these guys, like those old guys, they got married, they, You know, they now these guys on, yo, they playing video games. Jordan ain't playing no video games. Magic and Bird, these old guys weren't playing on their video game. Man. These guys now they play, they playing card and they playing Fortnite against somebody or somebody on a whole different team. Hey man, what's your name? What's your time?


Alright, come on, check this out. Yeah. It's a different time now and I think we have to change our way of thinking. Yeah. Of what the face of the NBA is because the old faces, those guys aren't like that anymore. No, No. He, Hey, look, whether, whether he likes it or not, You know, when you chosen, you chosen bro, You know, And you can do, ain't nothing, nothing you can do About it in the route that he's taken. Whether he likes it or not. He, he, he complete this mission right here. It's, it's, it's gonna happen whether he, whether he likes it or not. And You know, that just comes with the game. It's part of it, man. You know what I mean? Yeah. Look, when you chosen Joe, you can't run from that. You remember Jonah, God told him, say you going yo, nah.


He's like, nah, nah listen somebody up. So he, what he gonna do? He gonna get the boat and go that way. I said come here now when he spit his ass back up on the shore, what'd he do? He went and did what Jesus asked me to do. Did they show you? See when you chosen, when you, that's your calling, you can't run from it. Hey listen, you, you might not answer the phone. He should call you might not answer the phone. Don't worry about it. He He'll take care of the rest. Yeah. So you can't, you, you can't run from that. I understand. 'cause he like, man look, I want to go, I wanna be free. I wanna do what I wanna do without y'all looking over my shoulder and, and cameras everywhere I go. 'cause I might come out the little hole in the wall and You know, basically the NBA ain't supposed to be in the hole of the ball.


You know what I'm saying Joe? You know what I'm saying? Yo. Hey, I understand, but when the universe pick you baby, they pick you. Yeah. You gotta trend. Like is Ad man the best big game player in the NBA currently best big game player in the game currently? Man, we had some guys play some big games. Yeah, I think I, I I probably, I'll probably give him the nod. I think because he just accepts it man. He, he, he's a little different than, than some of the, some of the other superstars that we have in the league. And I think that's why people gravitate to the rawness of who he is and how he speaks his mind and how he carries himself and how he talks trash throughout the games and Oh yeah, I'm looking, I'm to anybody, I'm looking to play the warrior.


It don't matter who you are. Hold on. Y'all seen what Obama say? He said, look at this guy right here. He can play a little bit. He say, you better stand out. I'm the truth. Yeah. You talking about stop playing with me. So we we love that. We, we we gravitate toward it and we, and we all wanna see him do good man. He, because he has the talent and night in and night out, bro. He, he gives us something spectacularly, You know what I mean? Because not only can he make the three, he could play above the rim. He put your ass on the poster. Now you go up there if you want to. Yeah. If you, hey, I'm telling you gonna be on his car, you gonna be on his car. I, I think the underrated thing, I think his underrated attribute is his defense. Okay. Ocho.


Oh yeah, sure. I'm saying on any level, whether it's blocking shots, whether it's locking down, playing his one-on-one defense, fighting over picks. Like he showed me some of that Lakers series and I was like, yeah, oh, young fella taking the next step. And that's what it is. Playing on both ends being a two-way superstar. You know what I mean? Not just a two-way player, but he a two-way Stu superstar. 'cause he impacts the game on both ends of the floor. Just like in that last closeout game against the Lakers, he didn't play great offensively, but defensively he was disruptive. He made plays offensively and he did enough for them to win. Like it didn't take for him to, You know, wow. You on, on, on the stat sheet. So yeah, I think that's, I think that's the the best part what you could tell about a player when you can find other ways to impact the game.


Yep. Even, even when you're not doing what you're known for, which you're scoring. Can I, can I impact the game ocho if I, if, if I don't have 10 catches, right? How is my blocking, how is my decoy? Am I getting outta there making everybody think I'm, I'm about to right? I'm about to get this rock when I know I'm just clear for somebody else to run the shallow or to run that deep over, but I need to make sure I get that safety up outta there and pull that linebacker. Is that, is that, is that really, so you gotta find way other ways to impact the game. 'cause sometimes guys only see their value if I'm catching past passes. Yeah. If I'm scoring points right. No, you gotta find value in other things also. And that's when you become the greatness.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace two. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


Maybe a May three is gonna be all of that. I call it the Russell Westbrook rollercoaster. And that's what he, he just laid it out for you. Yeah. I say, hey, he might shoot an air ball, he might turn it over. You are like, no run, don't shoot that. So come on. Run. And then when you least expect it, he'll go four or five from the three. Yeah. Yeah. He'll get two steals. He'll make some big go back and look at the series. Yeah. Hey, he played unbelievable short, short term memory. You know he ha he has it that his short term, he got that, You know, just like in football from week to week, you gotta put it behind your short term.


We, we got another game. Well, in basketball you play it every other night or considering in a, in a, in a basketball game in possessions. Rus, if he come down, miss a wide open lay up, he gonna hustle back, try to get the blanco steal. Like it, it's a lot. It's a lie. It's, and and you, you have to, you have to accept that dude. You have to accept, you have to take the good with the bad. Yeah. But just know one thing he giving you everything he got. Take your time. You ain't got, come on. Hey Russ, pick it up a little bit. You ain't, I Russ has never had a coach to tell him to pick it up. Right. You anybody have to say, son, come sell it. Call Hey come on down, settle down. You okay. You might have to tell him to settle down or calm down. Yeah. But you're never gonna have to tell him to pick it up because he gonna give you that effort and you can appreciate that and sometime and, and, and and and trying to give you everything he got.


He's a little outta control. He'll fumble the ball out of, I mean the other night he had two point blank layups Mr. Bow. Yeah. In game six he did. But he come, he but he come right back. Come right back down. He gonna get you a second. He gonna get you extra possessions because he gonna battle somebody for the rebound. I saw him last night on line against a, he going to get the rebound. Rebound. He ain't got no finish whatsoever. When you ever seen a six four guard on the in, in the box trying to get a real miss. Hey. And that's why you gotta lover. That's why you got love. He gonna be Is Russ the XFactor Uggs against the Thunder? Is he the XFactor?


Maybe if he played well obviously they always got a great chance of winning. But I think this Thunder team is their time, it's their moment. They've been, they've been sitting around waiting and I know we can go off Rust or You know, whatever the case may be. But I think this is a young team who's prepared and and understands the moment and they gonna come out ready. I Yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna, it definitely, it is definitely gonna be interesting to see. Obviously you need, you need Yolk and Murray to do what they do. I think probably Gordon has been really consistent over the last three to four games. He's been really consistent in that, that last series against the Clippers.


He needs to play really well. A big body guy that can, that can defend now. But his offense is playing well. He's knocking down the three, he crashes the glass. I, if I had to say an expat, I think they need Michael Porter Jr. Yeah. Yeah. He, because because sometimes he, sometimes, You know, he, he drifts Right. If he can get but when he's in Go ahead. But yeah, I, I agree. If he can get him some consistent, some consistent productivity in this series to where they're able to compete, You know, they, they, they always gonna have a great chance. Like I think we all know what Yo's gonna do. He's gonna make them dudes around him better. And if he have to score 40 or 50, we know he'll do that as well.


But I, I like, I like how, You know, the series went throughout the regular season, how they played and how K Cs competes against him. So I just don't think they got nobody who could deal with Shaa on the perimeter. If you just, if I'm just being honest, You know what I mean? Like I think he's gonna, I think he's gonna be able to pretty much have his weight now. Yeah, you probably could put Gordon on him sometime. But even him, I just, I I just don't think they, I don't think they're gonna have nobody who gonna, who could stop him? No, I think bro I think Brown will start 'cause he seems to be their best defender. But that's what happened when you let KCP go and you let, what's the other guy name that they end up letting go?


Who's the defender? Was Brown Defender Bruce Brown? Yeah. They let him go And so now it's really, you left up to Christian Broun. 'cause he is really the only defender. Yeah, we're like the Gordon but I don't, I don't think they're gonna put Gordon on the point. They normally put Gordon on the big guy. If it's LeBron or if it's a KD guys like Jason t I'm saying I don't, I'm saying if he get it going though, I'm saying if he get it going to one of them games, you can't stop him. You gonna have to, you, you try to put, you try to put that light out. You gotta put some size on him. You know what I mean? Because them guys, yeah, ain't no 6, 6, 6, no no, no. He's six seven. Yeah he going, You know, he gonna get to his spots and raise up. But them little dudes ain't gonna be able to do nothing with that. Right. I just gotta make it tough.


I just gotta, I gotta keep, I gotta keep, Hey Joe, I gotta keep him from the rim and I gotta keep him up the free throw line. If he making threes and pullups, I got, hey, I can't take every damn thing away. You can't, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta live with that. But he ha he's the one dude who has mid range game down to the T and if nothing, if he can't get his three off and get to the bad shit, he gonna always be able to get to his midi. So this is what I'm talking about. That's the, the step that I was talking about that I want, You know, Jalen Green to make and just being able to get to that mid range. 'cause he's so athletic bro. He can get up once once he going to his shot. You can't block that. Right. You gotta put that time in the lab though. Ocho who you liking in this series? Ocho.


Yo, I liem, I'm going with the young boys. I I'm going, I'm going with the Young Bulls. Even though like when you ask a question about the X Factor, I think the X factor would be Russ obviously with Russ coming off the bench, we know what yo yo You know what joke going do if they have a chance to win this series, if the Nuggets do have a chance, I think Russ would have to be the difference maker. He'd have to be the difference maker. Obviously Porter has to do what he needs to do. Murray is gonna be Murray and you, You know, You know a joker could do. I really think Russell Westbrook has to be that, that that X factor in order to even have a chance to win this series.


But I'm going I'm KCI Think you that make OKC so tough is that they got guys coming off the bench that sit in the chair. They're mainly there. Yeah. To sit in the chair, but they can knock down threes. You look at Caruso, you look at Isaiah Joe, you look at Wiggins, they got guys Wallace man they really Wallace. Yes. Yeah. And You know you still got Lou do you got Jalen Williams? So they got six guys that are three and D guys there, there ain't very many teams that have that many guys that are three and D guys. It sounds, and they got two guys. It sound, you sound like you going with Denver sound like you going with OKC too.


It's hard to go against joke. It's because you can see him. It's hard because in in, in some sense you can kind of see him going in there showing out. You can kind see him because, because it's mvp. Yeah. It's the two league candidates for the mvp. He a let, lemme show you. Hey lemme show y'all why should win it 45, 19 and 13. Yeah. Hey listen. And we wouldn't be surprised if we seen those stat numbers, but yeah, I I no I totally understand that. They're definitely capable of of, of winning the series. I just seen some holes in they defense or in they Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


They definitely have lapses. Absolutely true. Holiday is set to return from injury. Game one versus the Knicks holiday will make his return to the floor after missing the final three games of Boston's first round series with a hamstring strain. Hmm. How important is it for to give for them? Because he's probably gonna match up with Brunson. He'd probably take Brunson. But you got a bunch of guys you could throw at Brunson. Yeah you could throw Derrick White at Brunson. Yeah you could throw holiday at Brunson. You could put, you could put Jalen Brown on Brunson. Yeah. You, you put, you put Holiday coming off of injury out there in front of Brunson. He gonna pull, he he gonna pull something. He gonna put, he gonna pull something. Yeah you put Derrick White on You could, you could put Derrick White on him. He going, he gonna sauce Derrick White up too.


You could put Jaylen Brown out there on him too. He gonna sauce Jaylen Bryan up there too. You gotta understand every, everybody, your naming players that are really good, you naming players that are defensive players. But everyone Jalen Brunson goes against, he gonna get to his spot. He gonna drive, he gonna use his body. He gonna do what he always do regardless of who it is Out there. I'm trying to make him as the inefficient as possible. That's all I'm trying to do. He gonna get to his wife right? I'm trying. Hey he get 33. I'm trying to get, make him take 30 shots to get. Okay. That's all I can do. Just trying to wha him down. He's just trying to get different looks, different bodies hopefully. Look they just come outta Gru of series as well. He was banged up a little bit in that series so he carried on to the next series. You know that we, hey we gotta make it tough on him.


I'm trying to hound him. He just like, like Joe, Joe said he just came out a seven game series. He is averaging 40, 42 minutes a night. Yeah. Yeah. So hey six pick him up. DD White. You got it. Hey Jaylen, you got it? Hol you take it. Oh yeah, we just going. Hey Payton, Prichard. Hey be PEs. Yeah just buzz around like a nab. Annoyed the hell out him a I'm sure the citizens will happen to have him back because like you said, Jalen Brunson is the one guy that really can create his own shot. Yeah. He's gonna be interesting to see the matchup. They'll probably put OG on Ja on on Tatum.


This is why they got it. I'm thinking Pro probably take Josh Hart probably have him on Jalen Brown. Who Bridges gonna go out? Who you putting Bridges on? Oh, bridges. You know what I think Bridges might, You know what Bridges might take? Jalen Brown. Yeah. And then Josh Hart take Derrick White. Yeah. And o OG on Tatum. Yep. Yeah. This is why they went and got og. Hey, but here's the thing. Who y'all met and I guess S and Kat? Yeah. Oh, Al Horford and Kat. Yeah. What you got? What you got? Huh? You got N Nixon six? I got the Celtics. Oh my bad. Okay.


I got the Celtics Joe, I got the Celtics the five way. It's old, it's old way. It's, I got the Celtic, I got the Celtics on O Joe. You know, a very experienced team, You know, obviously. And they've been playing well. They, they, they know what these battles are like and they've had the knick number, You know, over the years. Yeah. You know, I I don't even think this gonna be a long series. I actually think it's gonna be a, a short one actually sweeping. I ain't saying sweep. I ain't Well damn about you.


You ain't like my fire prediction. Well hell go you don't like that pick go with six. I'm saying you got, you wore the five out. Huh? The fire we got, I gotta bring it back. Hey, lately we gotta find something that's catchy. I mean for the Celtics. I don't, man, you remember, hey Joe, you remember they brought the seed, they brought the bell bottom fans back. Yeah. Remember the bell bottom G they back in style, bell bottom, draft pants back in style. Everybody everything come full circle. Full circle come full circle. But yeah, I say the, I got, I got, I do got the Celtics in in five. I say the nick will win the game. Got very, something very interesting for the both of you guys. The Number of Players Declaring for the NBA Draft by Year in 2020.


In 2021 it was 3 53. In 2022 it was 2 83. In 2023 it was 2 42 20 24 it was 2 0 1. This year it's only 106. The NIL money Ocho. Yeah. Got the boy like, You know what if go stay here and get a a, a quick 2 50, 500. Hey you gonna gimme that money and I'm gonna stay right here in college. Yeah. Listen I also the opportunity with the great understanding your chances of making it to, to the NBA and actually play in the NBA or making that squad. It's only a team of what? 15 right? How many players it is? 15. A team. Yeah, 15. So you got about 400 players. Yeah. Yeah. Man, Four 50. I'm, I'm, I'm, listen, I'm gonna bet on myself in college and get as much as I can.


And That's four 50. That's every year. That ain't just this year. Yeah. Yeah. Aint like they asst. No it gonna be four 60. So look, look, if you got 50, 60 guys coming in every year, you got 50 60 leaving every year. So that's every year. And that's why I tell cats as hard as it is to make it to the league, bro, it's even harder to stick. You know what I mean? It is harder to stick because once you get there, you can't exhale. You know what I'm saying? You gotta keep going, you gotta keep pushing. You gotta work even harder. So, You know, I tell cats all the time, bro can't get it's hard. It's Joe, I, and that's what I tell football players. I say bro, it is easier to get in the league and stay Right.


Than get out the league and try to get back in. Yeah. Because if you think it's hard getting in, get in and get out and try to get back in. Right. Unless You, unless you're a quarterback and you gotta be decent. Yeah. Yeah. And what they saying, well at the stadium, You know, you go to the game, you lead, exit, exit the arena. You can't get back in, Hey what once you in, see I got a ticket, even you got a ticket, they, nah nah bro, you done left, we can't let you back in the game. And that's how they feel about sports. It's like, bro, I was just here a year ago. I was only going a year. Y'all make it seem like I was going a decade. Right. Oh well. Yep. Man, a lot of other people done came in bro. We, we done NFL they had 70 early declarations in 2025 down from 82 in 2023 and I l changed the game.


College athletes aren't finding value and risk in turning pro when they earn six, seven figure right here. And that's what I say, why am I gonna go to the Yeah, if there's a possibility they're not gonna gimme 6 million stay right here quarterback. But but also you have to understand the people that are choosing to go back, they questioning themselves. You're questioning themselves with great with with great understanding. Well hell, if I know what I'm gonna get going to the NFL and entering the draft, it's 'cause I know I'm, I'm I'm that boy because You know, You know that's what I'm gonna get's. I told Quin, what did I tell you Ocho, if I'm Quinn yours, I take my butt, I go jump into that portal and I go somewhere else one more and I make me three $4 million a again One more, huh?


Yes. As opposed to be a fifth or a sixth or a seventh round draft pick. Right. Because I believe he could have built his value. He could have been, You know, who knows a first or second they pick. Yeah. And picked up at three, four mil. And I would've because if Carson Bank jumped in the portal and got 4 million from the u University of Miami, which called I'm, because You know, look at his last name how I spell I'm, that's what he did at Tennessee. He left. Now I don't know why he left a state like Tennessee with no state income tax to go to California to take three, $400,000 less where there's 50% state tax.


What's that about? Make it make sense. Make it make sense don't You? I'm not, listen, I I don't, I don't know who was advising him. I'm, I'm not sure where he thought he can make more. But again, I I always tell you if you, if you deserve what you was asking for, they would've gave it to you where you was at because that's what they thought of you. The Warriors are on the blank of road blowing another three one lead throughout NBA history. There have been 290 instances in which the team has gone three one in the playoffs. The series only 13 times has the team come back to win. The Warriors know all too well about below the three one lead if they're one of the 13 teams to do so.


Q who you got tomorrow night? Ah, man, this is a tough one for me. 'cause You know Game sevens you, you throw everything out the window. But, but I can't not roll out with with with with with the Light Skin Assassin and Jimmy Bucky Draymond just with the experience they got, man. Like if I'm wrong I take that to the 10. But I, I just, with the, just with the inconsistencies, inconsistencies of the young boys over there in Houston, I gotta, I gotta no inconsistency of Jalen Green. Go ahead and say that. Everybody else, Hey Fred Van Fleet, the last five games have been on one. Hey that's the listen I feel like we don't even respect like, oh Fred Van Lead is a champion, a dog, You know what I'm saying?


Like he got proper respect. He doing what I expect him to do. He over there and like Win Loser draw Houston Rockets is going to be back Win loser draw. They they gonna be right back like they forgot something. They got ate, got them boys growing. I love what I love. You know what I'm saying? Like we talking about Van Bleep being a veteran OG out there to Yes. Able to get it done and impact the game and be able to show them and say what he's saying and it means something. 'cause he out there. So I I I like what they got going on. But even still with that being said, I don't know you got, when you got, when you got that little dude number 30, then all it take is if he ain't hit one it it, it, now we we in the Matrix, he turned to Neo and everything else is, it don't, it don't matter.


We done all seen it happen. The the game could, could, could hinge on that right there if he come out and make one shot and start looking funny. If he give you a little shimmy it is curtains. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's about to be a long night. And it is like, I don't know, like you say with the, with the, to me when I say inconsistencies with Houston, it's like they don't know where they going, where they gonna get they scoring from, from night to night. It's like, it's nice like, You know who leads them the scoring and You know who you would expect to do it. But like, it is not, it's not concrete. You can't hang your hat on it. Like, all right we going no such and such from from this play or that play. It is like it might be anybody. And when you got something like that it it is hard for me to roll a dice with that.


Mm. Yeah look, Shung Goon has been some sensational, he's been doing a great job. He leads them in points, rebounds assist and steal. I thought I may inserting Steven Adams, he was the difference maker last the other night. Yeah. He gave him rebounding, he gave him toughness. He did every, he did all the right plays. You know that he went to Hacker Adams, he may not have 16 and some, sometimes I think that takes the, the team out of their rhythm because you not, you don't get a flow, you stop, you don't get to go up and down. But, and I don't know what Fred Van Fleet did from games three through six, I mean four through six. Yeah. But he been on one. Yeah he, I mean he is been on one.


I mean he, I'm talking about he's coming down on the break and he is like ah nah you under the basket. I don't want the two, I want this pull up, I want this 26 foot pull up. Yeah. And it's been, it is been money. I like what they're doing when it comes to Steph because hey he tries to come off that pick. They doubling make him get a ball up. 'cause I don't believe, look Draymond, I'm not worried about Draymond. If You know the Draymond always take the first shot because he wide ass open nigga gonna leave Mo too. That's true. You not gonna, you not fitting to make al lows Steph Curry can. So you shoot as many of them as you want Draymond. Yeah we are not gonna worry, we're not gonna worry ourself with that. But what we will worry our ourself with is to make sure Steph don't get a real, don't catch fire on Keep Jimmy Butler off the free throw line 'cause You know he's gonna attack the basket.


It's gonna be interesting to see Steve Curl. How did he play this thing? Because remember the other night he started Gary Peyton, I second he went away from his normal lineup with Budzinski. So does he go back to that queue or does he still, does he ride, does he ride with Gary Payton the second again? Or is is Moody inserted into the starting lineup? What's he, what's he gonna do? I might start Moody and bring, bring up, bring, bring GP off 'cause he's a pace changer to me. You know what I'm saying? He comes in and supposed to break, raise the energy and things like that. If it's not right, try and get some energy, defensive energy going. I would start Moody to see, I mean I like what Moody's been doing. He presents A-A-A-A-A-A lot of length defensively, You know what I'm saying?


And I wouldn't, I would star him. He he's been shooting the ball. I mean not, not as well as well as you want. Well he think a big Yeah he's big. He he's shown that he, he'll knock down the shot and he'll make some plays drive to the basket. And like I say most importantly he got that, he got a lot of league defensively and that's, You know, that's always big in these games. Ocho what you thinking the Warriors gonna blow another three, one lead. Absolutely not. You know Curry's not having another bad game like that. Listen, even what even what they tried to do trapping him, You know, making, making all shots contested. It's, it is not happening. Listen, the Warriors have a championship pedigree and there's no way in hell they lose a game.


Seven. Not like this. It, it's, it's, it is def it's definitely not gonna happen. I think Draymond, Draymond is gonna do what Draymond does. Jimmy Butler like you say he gonna get to the basket whether they try to stop it or not. He gonna be aggressive. He gonna be play off Jimmy like we used to see in him when he was with Miami and, and and Curry. He gonna cook. He gonna cook. Especially after, after that last game, he's not gonna have another performance. Yeah. I think Draymond need to make sure he stay within himself. 'cause I think sometimes he get going too early and he kinda gets himself, he gets himself out of, out of rhythm. He gets early files, he gets texts and now he knows in a game like game seven, they going to probably get a take early 'cause he know they're not gonna throw him out.


They don't want to impact the game like that. Right. So he, he under, he has a very good understanding because most players to do what? Draymond Dun. Oh they'd be gone. They'd be teed up. Woo. Oh what'd you say? Woo, take that with you on the, on the way out. You outta there. You outta here bro. Yeah, but they they wouldn't do, they wouldn't do, they wouldn't do do that to him in the playoffs though, huh? No, that's what I'm saying. He knows that. Okay, okay. But I think sometimes it gets some, it gets somebody hits now sometimes he, he ros himself up, he gets the team going but it had the opposite effect the other night. They got the rockets going. Yeah they was, they was piling him on the glass. I mean they crushed him. They crushed him on the glass. They had 25 offensive rebounds. That's part of Dre MA's superpower though.


He gotta play with that edge. He gotta play with the, You know, with the way he play. That's, that's part of what what makes m him if he doesn't play like that, he's not as impactful as or as effective as he can be. Now I agree with you. He gotta tow that line and tuck it in when he need to. But like he absolutely gotta play like that to be the most impactful and the best version of Draymond Green. Like you say, he can't step over that line but he gotta tow it and and plus that big lineup that Houston go out there with, with, with Sam, with Sam, Adam, with Stephen Adams and The Warriors can't match up with that. That's why Adams and Shung goon was killing him on the glass. Yeah because you really, you don't wanna play Looney, you really don't.


'cause he don't really give you a whole lot offensively. He set picks and he could rebound but Shung Go's gonna punish whoever on the, on the offensive end. And so now you got Big Adams, they like, okay now you take a shoot off the floor. We, we we want you to play. You know they try to, they try to put posts out there who's a big that can stretch the floor and shoot that. But he is a little bit too inconsistent. Yeah. So I, if, if I'm out man I'm gonna keep listening Curry, I'm gonna try to get the ball outta his hand as much as I possibly can. I'm gonna trap him every chance I get he goes to that corner. Hey let the big guy roll. We can come, we come from, we give you help backside. Hold on. We're not letting Curry get no easy shots. Huh? Listen, we, we talk about Curry, we talk about Jimmy, we talk about Dre Mon, we ain't talking about the elephant in the room.


What is Cur gonna do about Minga? Obviously you, you mostly one of your most athletic players, he lived Go Playing Against the Rockets and the games during the regular season against the Rockets. He averaged the most points for the Warriors against them. So it only makes sense. It only makes sense. You said that game seven to put him in there. I don't said Jonathan be Steve Ker said Jonathan Domingo returns to the rotation of the a hundred percent on the table for in game seven a hundred percent Minga is on the table. We kind of found a formula here in the latter part of the season. We've stayed with that formula to start this series up three one things are going well and obviously last few games have gone very poorly. We have to assess everything, the lineup, combination starters, all of that we have to assess.


I don't know why he fell out of favor and what happened with that, but did y'all see him the last time he got in the gang? He didn't look like he was like, he didn't look locked in and looked like he would be. I hope the young fella do get out there and ball out his thing. But I it so from the looks of everything that he did last time, it don't look likely don't look like he's mentally there. You know like when you a young fellow like that, I don't know how easy it is for you to get back into it. That's right. Hey, hey q when when you have a coach that that is not playing you and you don't know what's going on or, or what happened, obviously we don't know from the outside looking in what happened internally, but for you to be one of the best players on that team that can contribute on both, on both ends of the court and then not get any playing time.


It has to be, it has to be something, it has to be something that we don't know publicly. But I mean I I hope his confidence is there, You know, after not playing for so long. Some, sometime something like that can do something to your mental obviously when he does get in the game or is he gonna be gunshot? Is he going to be scared to pull the trigger? Is he gonna be hesitant? I mean if it was me, my boy, I'd be like listen, I can't take it personal. He benched Jason Tatum, who am I to be mad at here? Okay, Okay. Against Me. Like I'm gonna just take it like a champ and keep it moving. He must going, You Feel me? I mean real talk though. Like yeah I don't, I don't know what Minga has done but he's definitely been out of the rotation and he's one of their more athletic guys.


He can defend, he can get to, he can get all the way to the rim. He can occasionally knock down the three, that's not his strong suit but for whatever rea hey he don't even get no mop up minutes. Like dab let, hey let lemme break a sweat so I don't have to get on the bike after the game. He can't, Hey Q, he can't even get no cardio in. He gotta get on the bike after the game after Sydney. Like I'm all steal and I gotta get 30 minutes on the stationary bike. And then you saying he was getting shots up after one of the games and everything. Like that's a, that's a little bad signal like yeah I'm hot like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He probably said get me a hey y'all, y'all ain't gonna play me. Get me outta here, let me go somewhere a let me go somewhere.


At least I can get ready, I can play. Yeah. I ain't say, hey look I'm not saying I'm SGAI ain't saying I'm one of the five 10 best players in NBA but damn I see guys that I know I'm better than and they getting 10, 15 minutes a night. I can't get that. Yeah, I know a perfect place for him too. Moving around. You know the perfect place for him too Man, ain't nobody coming there. You know the perfect place bro. Right, right here. He think somebody always wanna go to the you wanna go to the Miami Heat? I mean Miami with Pat Riley with them 19 with them 1955 rules. Hey listen, it ain't, it ain't it ain't even bad as you think it is man.


People make listen when you look at the, look at the guys that go there, they have some of they best years of they careers when they go there and look at the guys leave, I saw Dwayne Wade leave, I saw Jimmy Butler leave, I saw LeBron James leave now that's three of the best players that you've had in the last 15 years. Now tell me what I don't know q what you, lemme again? Yeah, hold on, hold on. Let let lemme finish up. You could, you could chime him out. Mq, we all got family right? Yeah, yeah. Sometimes, sometimes you get mad at your auntie or your uncle or your cousin or even your mom or your brother or sister. Right. I like that. I like where you're going. I ain't leaving him. They they he, Hey look, he didn't leave for good. He left and went over his auntie house and then he came back over here in the back uncle house.


He came back. Come on. Okay. You think Jimmy, you think Jimmy coming back? I didn't say Jimmy came back. I was talking about D Wade when we said that when we was talking. Oh yeah. Okay. What about LeBron? LeBron going back to Miami? No, I said family but I'm saying the mere fact that family left. If I, if I leave a house, yeah I might back when I'm on hard time. D Wade was a different type of family. Like D Wade was drafted, homegrown there, that's Dade County and he left. You can't say the same for LeBron or Jimmy. So it wasn't that same type of thing. Q he left and came back and they both admitted that it was some wrong doings and reasons why they left and they came together and pieced up and it's all love.


Yeah. This is them. This ain't, yeah it's all love. I see D Wade as part owner in the Utah Jazz. He seeing coincide in Utah Jazz. Why isn't he seeing coincide in Miami? It's family now. Time out, time out. D Wade do be sitting coincide in Miami. He got a statue in Miami and here he is a boss here in and deservingly so the smart businessman deserving and deservingly. So, so, but we can't act, we can't pretend like people do not, are aren't fed up with Pat Riley in those archaic wave Q That's, that's not being true. You hear it, but it it, it work. It can't it, it go two ways though. You gotta understand that some of those same ways that people being critical of are, are, are the reasons for some of the most brilliant careers that you talk about.


Ooh. The best version of LeBron James that You know was right there under those arcade crew. Yeah. Tell me I'm wrong. I still like LeBron when he went back to Cleveland. No, you ask anybody in the league that LeBron James them two years back to back, please. Yeah, please. That was, that was, that was hell on Wheels. Boy, you hear me like please. You talking about, okay, let's say that and then what played, what made LeBron leave both sides. Okay. He had his best years. And then what made LeBron leave? You got that on the 27th game winning screen. What happened QI don't know.


I done heard a lot of, You know, what happened being taken away about, I done heard about cookies being taken away. I done heard about all type of stuff, but I also heard this something with the same things that he ran from, that he tried to take with him and bring it bestow on these other organizations when he went there. So it wasn't all bad. You already listen, you already know Rich Mav is gonna be there every day. Mav is my chief of staff, not Mav. Excuse me. What's the other one name? Randy. Randy's gonna be there. Have you ever seen LeBron James anywhere without Randy? I have not.


Whether it is out in Vegas, whether, whatever the case may be, Randy's gonna be there, You know, so, so Pat should've let him be there. Oh, he gonna be there. You want it? He gonna be there. Don't want, but You know, hold on. You already know what you, when you sign up, if you get, if you get Giannis, what? You see what the Gianni brother is where at? Hey, time out. Time out though. When you just said you already know what you get when you sign up, right? So you yes. You can't say that and then say that LeBron came to Miami as a free agent. Yes. Knowing, knowing that the Godfather was the Godfather and the Godfather Do what the Godfather does.


And he always had you signed up for that. I did, but not for to be petty and take some damn cookies away. Anything. Listen, you told clean up could been, it could have been the headband, it could have been anything but the cookies is what set it up. But like, this is what you signed up for when you signed up? Nah, I thought, mm, I ain't signed up for this. I signed up to come down here to get structure. I wanted to play with D Wade, Chris B and Okay, they got you two championships and it showed you how to go on the rest of the way and PA champion. Yeah. Hold on. Hey, we talking about, we talking about the heat of the old, let's talk about the new heat. Let's talk about the new heat and what Happen the new heat, it doesn't matter.


It's still Pat running it. I'm say they about to get somebody. Oh yeah, I, I've been telling to tell, trying to tell Somebody you already, I already know. That's what you, that's what you, that's, that's what people always understood and knew Pat Riley, the Godfather is always one move away. How did he, he ain't got, Kevin got Shaq and then they won a championship. Like they, he always willing to swing for the fences and do what needs to be done, but he don't have the draft capital to do it. What he gonna do Now think about it. He couldn't get Kevin Durant, he couldn't get Dame Lillard. So in order to get one, let's just say for the sake of argument, Kevin Durant, what do you think it's gonna take for him to get Kevin Durant?


He gonna have to give up the hero and bam. Then what? Who can he get? I don't think so. I told, I told you who he going to get. I told you, I already told you already. I told, I think at QI sat down with Pat, pat Riley and Mickey Sison. I done told Robert or I done talked to ISO Joe. I done told Joe already. And I'm telling y'all, I'm telling you too, I talked to Pat, I sat down with Mickey Sison and we gonna get Giannis, we gonna get Yaron. I'm trying to figure out what are you, but, but see here the thing, listen, we Only There only a handful of team that have the pieces that they want assets because they gave up all those assets to get said players. Q You know how this thing worked a lot of times like, man, I wanna go over there and when you get there, they had to, they had to gut it to get you.


And so now you there in the same situation, you in where you left from, they're not gonna be able to, I don't see how they get to Kevin Durant in Miami and keep Bam and Tyler Hero. Oh, you talking about I want Duncan Robinson and High and Highsmith and you'd be surprised what, what these deals shake out once these players step out and say that they want to be moved. We mean like guys ain't been like, been, been yielding what you thought. Like when you look at what Rudy Gobert got in his trade and then the trade he got both first Rounders. Yeah. Rudy, what, what went, what started happening after he did that? Nobody was getting all of them first rounders and it was looking how did, like how did Rudy get you get Rudy for all of this and you to get such and such for all of that, that it wasn't going the same way.


They're not giving as much up, especially when these teams, like, when you get put in that pigeonhole like a player come out and say, Hey, I want out, out. Like you done, you're done. Like, like shit. Yeah. We ain't gotta, we ain't gotta be in your beck and call because we are basically helping you at this point because your dude that said he won't out. So no matter what happens, you gotta get out or you got you, your, your situation is blown up. So at that point, all all, if, if they exhausted to a certain point, it'll get bad. See, I told you. Huh? I told you. But here's the thing. Why, why did it get that bad? Why didn't get that bad? They couldn't make pull the trigger for Dame Lier That question.


I mean, I don't know the answer to that. I thought that, I thought that was a done deal like everybody else, they didn't want to give up Tyler a hero. I don't, I don't see a, I don't see scenario where a team doesn't get Tyler hero back as a piece. Do you see that scenario? You never know, man. You know, I didn't see, I didn't see, I didn't see a scenario on the planet where Dallas was trading Luca. But look what happened. Yeah, so I, I done learned my lesson like I done seen Shaq get traded, You know what I'm saying? MJ left the bulls like anything happen in the right circumstances, they'll do whatever they feel is the best. That's just how it go. And then they gonna tell you, that's good business. You know what I'm saying?


What's best for the organization? That's why I don't be mad when players go do what they gotta do, The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant? Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush cent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.