
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts, also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC,


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom YaMmas is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom YaMmas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yiannis evenings on NBC.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards in Nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


The volume OCHO Gary Terry McLaurin is reportedly frustrated on a long-term deal. Yes, sir. According to Jordan Schultz, Terry McLaurin has made it clear to the team that he's frustrated with the lack of progress on a long-term deal. Yeah. As I previously reported, McClaren unexpectedly left voluntary workouts after initially attending, and it remains to be seen whether he'll report to mandatory mini camp McCluen McCluen.


It's entering the final year's contracts and talks have been minimal. Yeah. You, you see, you see how they do you, you see how they do you, he does everything right. He does everything he's supposed to say. He's the captain. He's the perfect professional. You know what? He's like Larry Gerd reincarnated. And I'm talking about his approach to the game saying all the right things, being a team leader. But you see what they see how they do you, yeah. You do everything the right way when it was time to repay you, but doing everything the right way they play with you. Why? 'cause it's about business. It's always been about, it's always been about business. I think he's gonna get what he deserves. He gonna get his deal done. They understand how important he is to and for that offense.


And if anything, I think Jayden Daniels at some point, steps in and interferes and says, let get this job. Let's get this deal done. Same way Joe Burrow did with T Higgins the same way Joe Burrow did with Jamar Chase. I'm not here to play no games. I need my number one target to be here. Do what you need to do to get it done. They do, man, I I, I hate, I hate to do this guys that be professional, do everything, do all the right things. Play hard. Yeah. Be leaders on and off the field. And when it come time to get y'all, y'all drag y'all feet, It don't matter. All that don't matter. All that don't matter, man.


Not just for all. Because when it come time to it, they gonna play you every time. Yeah. You might as well. You might as well act a fool. Just be yourself. Whatever, whatever that may be. Some people have to play the game. Some people just choose to be themselves, but at the end of the day, they gonna play both us no matter how you approach it. Hopefully scary Terry gets something done. 'cause he's better model citizen and he's played extremely well for them. He's the ram safety cam Curl said he's done playing mad no joke. After they punished the trailer of him getting duped out by Saquon. Yeah. Cam Curl. He tweeted la laugh. My, You know what off.


Yeah. I ain't playing mad this year. Why? They do me like that dog been playing all my life and how my first thing on the trailer going to be, Hey, listen, it's all good. It it happened to the best of us. They Alive. Nah, you said it's all good, but they ain't got that hit that Ray put on you on there. Oh, Madden. Hey, well listen, it continues to replace still 20 years later. I How long was it? It is still Madden this bad on. Oh, You know how many people gonna get that Madden? Well, You know how many people done seen me get ran over by Ray? I wanna see it on Madden. Hey. He, he gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. Listen, it's not, it's Not. I wanna see it on mad. I wanna see if you go cross there and catch it.


I could do the same thing like Ray did in real life. I could do it on Madden. You can, you can. You, you, you def you definitely can listen. I, I think, listen, I think it's a good thing. Listen, it is an Iconic moment. You might've been the one that got hurtled over, but listen, you could tell your grandkids, well look at your daddy. But I ain't tell about grandkids That I, I would say I was on the cover of Madden, but is it 26th or 25? Would You tell your grandkids you got beat up? Yeah. I know you won't. Hey, hey, Listen uncle. I live in my truth. I live in my truth. Listen, your daddy used to fight. I lost a few though. I lost, I lost a few and I ain't tell I'd be able to name 'em too. I'm gonna have the excuse.


You think players should be sensitive about how they're portrayed in Madden? No. Well, okay. Yes. Yes. That means a lot. That means a lot to the players. Honestly. It does. And You know, I do. I do the ratings. I do the ratings. So I try to be as fair as possible for those players that have, that are disgruntled and upset about what their ratings are. Like. Listen, I played the game. I understand the game. I watch all of you very, very closely, especially the skill possession, the wide receiver and dbs. Now, the, the other positions, I really don't have anything to do and no say so in what your ratings are. But wide receiving the dbs, I'm watching you. So if your rating is what it is, all I need to see is you show out consistently. So improvement, you get improved grade. Yeah, Man.


Yeah. And, and listen. And, and if they, sometime they come to me in public and like if I had my iPad with me, I'll pull up, I'll pull up like in PowerPoint presentation. This is why you at 83, because one week when you play somebody that's not that good, you cutting up and then you would place, when you play pass Orain, boy, you, you go ghost when you go, I need consistency every week, no matter who you plan up. I Need, I need man to do right by me. Huh. Don't only gimme that because You know, I've only, I've been one of the handful of guys that's ever been a hundred. They need to do right by me. Ocho Hey, listen, A Hyundai, we Got you. We got you. We got you. We gonna get you Hyundai. I got me Barry. It's, it's only like three of us.


I think time. It's been about four or five of us that been a Hyundai. Right? So I want a chain. I want some shoes. I got what kind of chain and Like, and in 2027, the guys that been a Hyundai be on the cover. I Got you. I got you. I I can't put you on the cover, but we, we gonna, we gonna take care. Why not? We, we, we gonna take care of your ultimate team. We gonna put you on ultimate team. You want the chain too? Yep. You, you were asking for a whole lot. I been a hundred. I know, but that was 30 years ago. It don't matter when it was, it was like, you tell me I did it. Okay. You right, you right by that. You right by that. I got You. They put man on the moon 50 years ago.


They did It. Hey, hold on. You know what? I don't know. That's kind of sketchy. Do you really think they went to the moon 50 years ago? They did. Well, how long ago when you saw him both ran that nine, five. Hey, that boy was moving. But we were able to, That was long time ago. He did. Hold On. Hey, hold on. We were able to see that with our own eyes. Well, I, you saw, you saw me earn that 100 with your own eyes. Yeah, you was all right. You was all right. Alright. James Cook reportedly disconnected himself from the organization. Is what? Adam Sand. Adam Sand Adam Schefter had to say about James Cook's situation. He has basically disconnected himself from the organization and put the city, put his house up for sale.


And I don't think we'll be seeing him in Buffalo anytime soon. Yeah. I mean, listen, sometimes this is what you gotta do. This is the nature of the business. This is not the first time it happened. And it definitely won't be the last time. I would love for James Cook to get his money. It's well deserved. But again, we have to understand, for those that are in the chat, you have to understand how the NFL, the, the front offices, the GMs, the presidents, how they view the running back position. They're the, they're, they're tier one running backs. The McCaffrey's, the Quans, the Derrick Henrys, the Christian McCaffrey's that they, Josh Jacob Jamir Gibbs. Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that they value. I'm not sure why James Cook is not in that conversation when it comes to the tier one.


Tier one, excuse me. Running backs. Yep. But obviously Buffalo doesn't see or view him in that nature, or they wouldn't even be in the position there. Now there would be talks about getting a deal done. You got mandatory mini camp coming in. OTAs are going on normally, You know, there's there some type of activity or, or some type of progress. The fact that we talked to Jade, not, I mean, not too long ago. Wait, it was That was in season, huh? No, they had lost, they had just lost. Oh, They, they listen. Look how long that's been though, UNC, look how long that's been. And still after all this time, there's been been no progress and things. I'm going in the right direction. That, that, that lets You know what it is, man. And it's, it sucks for both parties involved.


It sucks for the Bills organization. It sucks for the Bills fans. Hell, it sucks for James Cook and his family for all that he's done. Especially when you, you see what he'd done on the field consistently week in and week out. Tom Brady explained why he'll never criticize Patrick Mahomes doing the broadcast. How can I throw shade at someone who is amazing as Mahomes is? I know he's been through. And I think the one position that I'm in now in the broadcaster, I do feel a responsibility to tell the fans what I see and be honest and upfront about everything, but also realize that these guys are doing on the field is extremely difficult. It's a high level of skill. You are looking at the 32 teams who have starting quarterbacks out there. This guy's one of the best in the world at what he does.


So do they make the right plays all the time? Certainly not. But by the way, neither did I. And I think I have, I Think you have to have this context and perspective. That's all we ask. Yeah. Is that you don't make excuses if Patrick Mahomes make a bad throw, say Patrick Mahomes made a bad throw. Yeah. That's all. I mean, he's human. Yeah. Michael Jordan took some bad shots, didn't play well. It's right to say that that happened. Right. Tom Brady, Peyton Madding, Aren Rogers, Patrick Mahomes.


It does not matter if a guy doesn't play well, it's your obligation because You know what the, the casual fan at home doesn't know. Yeah. So I don't, I don't think that's, I don't think that's asking much for the guys that's calling the game. And I know it's hard because here's the thing, you can't be too critical when you're in that position because then they won't do production meeting with you. So you have to walk a very fine line if you, if you play by play or you do color, which Tom does color. Right. So you have to walk that like, yeah, that was a, that was a bad throw. That's not like Patrick Mahomes.


Right. You gotta, You know what I'm saying? O you got crouch it, couch it. Yeah. Yeah. I, I I don't, I don't know what he saw about one that's not like Patrick, a guy that's played as, as, as won as many Super Bowls as he has and MVPs that's not like him. So give the defense credit on that. You know, you got an aid, but he's still, I still take a Patrick Mahomes. That's how you have to Yeah, absolutely. Listen, it, it is all about, it's all about word play and sentence structure. That's all it is. And he is not gonna have to say much often because players like Patrick Mahome, your Tom Brady, your Peyton Mannings, they are much more consistent as opposed to being bad. That's how they get to become where they are.


Because we look and, but see that's the thing though, Ocho and so because they're not criticized that much, they should be okay. Bingo. Like if you have a right, you play seven good games, you have one bad game where you say, well, he didn't play well today. I mean, he's played up until this point, I had him as the MVP. Right. Well, he don't play well, we ought already say that. You know, he didn't play well today. Yeah. Right, right, right. But guys are so sensitive. Now, if you say that, then play Well Ocho you hate. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's tough. It tough. And, and then obviously the blow black, the, the, the blowback, because it's Tom Brady criticizing Patrick Mahomes. I can see it from that, from that lens. They try to build it up more than what it is. The great Tom Brady criticizes Patrick Mahomes.


Exactly. And that's exactly what it's gonna do. They gonna blow everything out of proportion, depending on what he said. They're gonna be critical and dissect every little word that's said. And that's one of the reasons why I think he said what he said. Yeah. And I think the thing, that's why, You know, for me, Ocho, I had to be like, careful. 'cause every time they asked me, you think such and such should be in the Hall of Fame. Well, I ain't gotta vote. Right. Right. Hall of Famer, Shannon Sharpe doesn't think such and such a big bro. You vote y'all whatever you, whatever y'all decide, y'all don't, I mean, there are a few guys that's in the hall that actually have votes, but for the most part, the majority of us don't have a vote. Right. So I don't What do you think about this guy?


What, what you mean? I didn't play against him. Right. I mean, like I said, I thought I knew what a hall of Famer was until I saw some guys that started not getting in. It took them 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 times to get in. I was like, I have no idea what a hall of famer is. I Don't, so I stopped trying to figure it out. Knock on wood. I was very fortunate to get in on my third attempt. My brother got in this year. So we're the first two brothers in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Yeah. Whatever happens after that, Hey, it is what it is. I got no, I got, I get the offer, I'm offering no more commentary. Yeah. See, that's, that's why, that's why I inducted myself.


And so, You know, but I, but the, the thing is, is that I, I, I think like for us, what we do, what we do, Yeah. I'm like, bro, so how can I, you out there, you stank up the joint. Right? You run a sloppy route. You let the guy undercut it and pick it off. And I'm supposed to say what? You don't go through your progression. You stare, you made your mind up when you left the huddle. You made your mind up when you was gonna go with this football. You stared a guy down. He picks it off. What am I supposed to say? Right? You got to, I'm gonna make a PSA before the season start. Huh? If you, if you a DB ocho and your eyes and you watching the court, your, the most, you watching the quarterback?


Yeah. Oh, you beat, you Beat the, the guy that you covering. What you doing with him? What am I supposed to say? You beat every time, every time you peek your back. Yes. Mind back in that back field you beat. So what you supposed to do? You Think you could be, you Think you could be able to get the sacking from where you are on the field Trying to jump, trying to, you Take a ba or you take a bad angle, Ocho you supposed to go underneath. You go over, or you supposed to take away the inside and you let the guy beat you inside. Right. Or it's a double team and you got outside and you let the guy beat you outside. What am I supposed to say? Right? Because, because I'm basically on a lot of times the situations that I've been in or situations that I've seen guys in ocho, I mean, it's hard for me to say, Ocho, you and I playing, as long as we have 25, 26 years combined, NFL that there's something going on the field that we haven't seen ourselves.


Yeah. When football see the start, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do a PSA, I'm gonna do a all all, obviously my expertise is on DBS and wide receivers. I'm gonna do a PSA before the season start that. Do not take anything I say offensive. I'm just giving you my expertise based on what I saw in today's game. I don't want no issues. If you have any issues, all of all, y'all got my number.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com. Future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


NVC Nightly News Legacy Isn't handed down Or NBC News, I'm Tom Broan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We Look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yma. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas. Evenings on NBC


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing. And this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Titan's, rookie quarterback Cam Ward reportedly shows up at the facility at 5:00 AM every day. Head coach Brian Callahan says he has to force him to go home on some nights. Ward said a 5:00 AM routine has always been a part of the process. It's just my process. It's how I've always been in college until now. Now is how I get everything. Whether it's in film treatment wise, I've gotta get everything in to start my day and the end of my day by whatever time you gotta get it done. Like it. I like the, I like young guys that are the first in and the last to leave. Yeah. I mean obviously you have to do that. I mean, you're the number one, especially That position. Hey, you're the number one pick. You gotta have every edge, every advantage you can get.


And if that means being there at 5:00 AM You know, if your routine, it should be, I mean, then it makes the transition easier into the NFL. 'cause it's something you already do. But Everything you need to do, you gotta do it. You gotta buy in. You gotta be the first one there. You are the franchise quarterback. Now you've been drafted number one or leave no effing stone unturned in trying to be the best and change that, change that franchise around. You are absolutely right. You are absolutely right. Be the first pick in the draft. You're supposed to be at the first pick in the draft. You're supposed to be franchise altering. Yes. Hey, year one. Because you see what Jay? Well, the franchise crowd. Did you see what Jayden Daniel did?


Nah, I don't, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think Cam Ward had the same type of, He don't have the supporting cast. Yeah. He didn't have the supporting cast that they do. So he's gonna have to be that much better, that much sharper, that much more consistent. That Much. I mean he, he does have Calvin Ridley. Do you name one player? That's what I'm saying. But he had, Look what CJ Stroud had his first year. Yeah. He had Tank Dale, Nico Collins. Dalton Schultz. Yeah. Yeah. Now, now, now talk about, look what Jayden Daniels had his first year. Yeah. Come on. That is a big difference based on, you got Calvin Ridley, that's that boy. But still you need, you need more to make, need a couple more. Your job easier.


You're right. You're right. He gonna be all right though. He's good. He's good. He gonna be all right. But I like that. Keep it up. Reggie Bush went off on the NFL team owners for being cheap and using turf fields despite increased risk of injury. Unfortunately, NFL will still believe that turf is the cheapest, most cost efficient way in the league. That analy, that annual is, or a, what is that? Annualizes. Okay. Makes billions every year. It's not adding up. To me, it's repetitive cycle. And it's going to continue. It's unfortunate. It will continue until the players decide to stand up and say, listen, we don't wanna play on turf anymore. Then the things will, all players hate it. No sport should ever be played on turf.


17 of the 32 teams play on artificial turf because guess what Ocho What? It's easy because there are other things that they have on those football fields other than football games. Right? Right. They have monster truck pools. They Have concerts, Concert. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Understand. They have a lot of other things. Ocho Yeah. And the turf grass is very expensive. Very. To put down new side and to grow it in, it gets very expensive. If it's just a field that the only thing, because if it's just football, I can't make my money. I need to have Beyonce in there. I need to have Taylor Swift in there. I need to have Monster trucks. Yeah. I need to have other concerts.


You have other, I need to have other, I need to have other events there To pay the bills. Yeah. To pay the bills. So look at SoFi Olympics opening ceremonies in 28th. The World Cup 2026. Yes, sir. Beyonce was there for like, what, three, four days. Taylor Swift was there three or four days. Right. They have football games there. Yeah. I gotta get my money. I'm sorry. Hey, I, I, I don't, I'm, listen, I, I understand Maybe, maybe running backs or maybe it's just me. Yeah. I Hated turf too, or Joe. But we didn't it, I mean, when I first got to the league, we had that Oh, that y'all had that bull jive on y'all field too. Y'all got, y'all got, I think y'all got that field turf now.


But we had the artificial turf, which was cement with that little bull jive road over the top. Yeah. We, we, we, I had the, I had the artificial surf, but I like it on, I like it because if it's rain, gimme Grass. Oh, you heard me. If if if it's raining on, I still know I can run full speed and I can still stop on a dime. Yeah. It's gonna, it's gonna grab every time. It's gonna grab every time. And that, that, that made me feel comfortable as opposed to having grass and having to put them goddamn seven studs in and hurt my damn feet. I Love him. Hey, I, I didn't, I, I, I played with Tempo. I played with the T Bobs. Yeah. Yeah. But it didn't matter to me. Ocho You know why you wasn't gonna slip? Because you didn't plant. And I tell them, you're slipping, You know, on the back of your heel, you got four in the front, you got seven.


So they trying to tell you to get over your knees and drop your hips and stop planting on the back of your heel. That's why you're slipping. You know, You know what's funny? Is that what's so unorthodox? Hey unc, I can run an out route to the left and I can cut, I can, I can cut on my in, on my outside foot. Oh, inside foot? Yeah. Oh, you got, you gotta see it. Oh, you got unc. You gotta see it and it look and I lose No, no rhythm. Oh, it, it's crazy. It's crazy. It, it's, I, it, it is weird. Now. I'd be be right, right in the flow. It is. I, I Don't know. But I didn't slip because like I said, as I got older ocho I wore, I wore, I wore spare tempo Bottoms. Yeah.


But earlier in my career, I, I wore, I wore, I wore seven studs. But You know, I mean, like I said, I mean, hey, Hey. Them studs hurt. You talking about the screw Hurt, huh? Yeah. Screw Oh. Oh, hell no. Oh, no. And I, you had the, I had no choice. When we played the Steelers at any point in the two thousands on that field, they had it Hines back then. It was terrible. I think they, they purposely didn't get it done. I think they purposely didn't get it done. Oh my goodness. Yeah. I played those old three Rivers. That turf was terrible too. Y'all's te Field was terrible too. Yeah. Was awful. I never saw Three Rivers. Oh, old.


Oh, three Rivers was terrible. That turf was terrible. Right. But it get loud and the, and the seats, you start bouncing the seats do this. You can see the people jumping up and down. Oh. But it, it, it's nice to go back because you're like, man, I remember the first time that I played there. It was like, I'm like, man, the steel curtains played here. Yeah. You know, they, You know, went a c championship games. And so it's a, You know, you, you play in a, in a, and something is stored as like Three Rivers. Right. Or Lambo. So you feel I'm talking about the old, the old, right. I'm trying to think, did I play in the old, yeah, I played in the old Meadowlands, You know, not MetLife, the old Meadowlands.


Okay, okay. You know, with the, You know, they still share the field. Right. But, so it's just, it's just like, just walking into that stadium and knowing the history of that stadium. Miss like, wow. Ocho a new study from LSU Business school found that Superbowl 59 had a major economic impact on Louisiana generating an estimated one mil, 1,250 million. The report looked at spending tied to everything from hotel stays, restaurant transportation, entertainment across the state. Roughly 115,000 people came to New Orleans for the weekend, including a hundred thousand from out state, given the major boost to tourism.


That's why all these teams keep bidding. Last thing, the event also supported nearly 10,000 jobs across the region, making it a win. Well, beyond the field. Go ahead. Hey, why do you think teams or cities, I mean, cities bid to have the Superbowl in their city. They understand the economic impact it can have on that city in such a short amount of time one week. Do You know how, what can you do when you can make a billion dollars in a week? No, no. Nothing. Nothing. And nobody had more, more Super Bowls than New Orleans O Joe. So they know how to, they, they're, they're used to, they put on, they have Mardi Gras.


So they're used to having national championship games in the Superdome. Right. They're used to having Super Bowls in the Superdome. But, You know, it's gonna, it's in LA that's, excuse me, it's in San Francisco, then it goes to Atlanta. They Don't need, they don't know. They don't need San Francisco don't need no more money. They don't. Even now at Atlanta, boys finna be crazy out there. Boy, You ain't gonna tell me. I already know because I went to the one in, in 2019 when, when New England played the Rams. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Crazy. No new Ram. And it's gonna go, it's, it's gonna come back. It's gonna come back to Vegas In the Falcons. Yeah. I mean, no, they played the Rams and they played the Rams in Atlanta.


They played the, the Patriots played the, the Falcons in Houston. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You right, you right, you right. You right, you right. Houston. Oh man. But pretty soon it's gonna be like, oh, like you get a new stadium. I don't know who was in line to get a new stadium, because You know, but Atlanta, they gonna rotate. Atlanta, SoFi, Vegas, Houston, Miami, Miami, Arizona. Yeah. Hey, Arizona Field Arizona got that damn Bermuda grass. Oh, oh my. You see they got, they rolling it out. See, it is on Slabs. It's like a Houston what It is. Yeah. Hey, Houston and Houston and Arizona got the best fields. I don't care. I don't care. No. And it's grass. It's grass it going it, but nobody say Nah.


Mile high. Got the best grass. We got real grass and we got some synthetic sold in there. Who? Mile high. Nah, I mean, yeah, listen, the altitude too high. Y'all grass is, is fake. Nah, Nah. I grass real bro. No, come on, man. Don't do that. You a hater. OCHO Don't Do that. But Yeah, but that's why O Ocho, that's why teams they want, I mean, that's why they want the Superbowl. That's why they try to get in on those bids and try to get a, let's get a World Cup come through here. Yeah. Let's get the Olympics so far. La a Atlanta a And the funny thing about it, you Think, you Think, you think the Superbowl had an economic impact on, damn, where was it? Just at? Oh, new Orleans.


Yeah. Well wait until you see where the, the World Cup does each city it's in. Oh my God. I think the fighters gonna be in New York. Right. But it's coming through Kansas City. It's going through Kansas City. They're going, they're gonna SoFi. I think the semifinals are like SoFi something. Hey boy, everybody from every other country is coming to support their country. That's gonna be good. Can't wait. I can't wait. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm trying to think. I don't know. I don't know if I want to deal with all that. O Joe College sports changed radically. Friday night schools will begin to directly plan their athletes less than and less than a month, thanks to a legal settlement that was officially approved in federal court starting July 1st.


Each school would be allowed, but not required to spend roughly $20.5 million in new payments to their athletes. Each school's athletic department can decide how it will divide, divvy up the money amongst athletes. Athletes will are also be allowed to make money from selling their rights to their name, image, and likeness. NIL to other parties as well. Look, it's like anything ocho Yeah. Your chief generating programs, the guys of the, the athletes are gonna make more money. That's just the way it is. So I know they're gonna be softball and gymnastics, so, well that guy make four meat, bro.


That's, that's how it is. The best players on the football team, the best players on the basketball team, the best players on the basketball team. Mocho, they get paid the most. Yeah. Football and basketball. I'm trying to think. You know. Okay. Like Duke, duke is a basketball program. Yeah. North Carolina is a basketball program. But Alabama, well, You know what, if you in SEC, You know what the hell you go to SEC for? For football. Unless you really like that Big 10 football. Oh yeah. Ohio State. U-S-C-U-C-L-A, Michigan, Penn State.


Penn State, those are football schools. Yeah. Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Texas, OU Ole Miss. Those are football schools. Yeah. I, I like it. There, there, there have been so many, so many gripes about, You know, players getting money and being too young and, You know, being able to, I, I, I just like it 'cause of the colleges, the universities, oh, I Ain't got no problem with it. Get that bread. Yeah. They've taken advantage of these kids likeness for years and made billions and billions and millions of dollars off these players, Georgia. Oh, you Talking about it do it does away with Amateurism. They've been done away with that.


Yeah. When y'all started getting these big TV contracts, y'all didn't give a damn about no amateurism. Yeah, it was about financial game. And these players said, and these athletes says, I want some of it. Yeah. I tell you what, that guy could be a, a straight A student, but if he got a ac, if he got a a, a a, a sports scholarship, let him suck on the football field, the baseball field Diamond or, or the basketball court and see if he's still there. If it's ab, if it's, if it's about an education and say, Hey, hey Holmes, hey, you and you an athletic scholarship, not academic. Right. Don't lose sight of that. Now I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my books though, Joe, because You know, I'm, I'm because I wanna stay in, You know, I'm gonna get my book, but I didn't lose sight.


Nah, listen, I'm gonna do just enough so I can touch that field. I tell you that. You Gotta make, I made the eligibility. That, that was my major. That was my major ocho. Hey, that's a good one. I ain't never heard that one. That's yeah. Major eligibility. Oh Man, Ocho the most game tying or lead taking shots was under five seconds left in the playoff game since 1997. Goat James, eight of those Reggie Miller, five of those Tyree, Halliburton. What they hall of those four of those came this year along. Kobe Bryant has four. Chris Middleton has four as you can see.


Paul Pierce, Tim Duncan, Manu, gen Noli, Ray Allen, Dame Dollar, Jimmy Butler traded on all half three. But I thought LeBron didn't take and make Oh, nevermind, nevermind Ocho. Yeah, I, I forgot what that was. Sadie didn't have a clutch gene. Yeah, he was scared. He was scared to have it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. All that. I've, I've heard those rumblings before. I heard those before. I'm not gonna say who said it, but I've heard him before. Yeah, he, he, nice. Hey, Halle, Halliburton, listen, if Haller had himself a playoff run, Hey, talking about O overrated, huh? Hey, he might go and win this goddamn series and win that championship.


And I guarantee you in his speech he will mention How's that for overrated G Overrate That Overrated that I guarantee you, I'm telling you, I'm calling it right Now. I tell you what, he won a championship. They need to build him a statue. A statue already When he done Yeah. Hell yeah. Oh, we Need, oh, we need done. Okay, okay. Yeah. And see, I thought you finna give him a statue before we even finish. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You can't get nobody though. I mean, that's reserved for the, the, the, the, the best. That's a Jordan, that's a, a LeBron or Steph Curry type of thing. Yeah. You know, if you, you were Tom Brady or Patrick Mahomes type of thing, or Oh yeah.


But Halliburton should have him a, You know, should have him a, should have him a, a statue out front. Well, shoot, I, I see that. But he's had an unbelievable, this is as good a playoff run as you're gonna see now. Not from, not, You know, he done, he's not averaging 38 and 10. Right. But as minor, I think about it, game one plus shot against Milwaukee did that, against Cleveland, did that against the Knicks, did that, man, he, Hey, like I said, the only run that's been close to that, well, rash shots was LeBron. He hit the three against Indiana and then he hit the kiss off the glass against Toronto.


But I mean, this man has got four of those shots in the playoffs alone this year. It's crazy. He's playing. Unbelievable that it couldn't happen to a better guy. I wonder how much those court side tickets are Where they're not, they're not expensive. Like if it was in, in New York, New York, la It's not the same, huh? No. Hell no. Yeah. Yeah. I was just asking. I'm not going, I'm just curious to see what it was being that it is a finals. I thought they would've, they would've tripled the price of something. I mean, triple the price might be 15,000, might be 10,000, bro. People ain't in there. I mean, they have some people wealthy people, but they ain't, it is not like LA and New York or Joe.


Right, right, right. Understandable. A dog immediately feels bad after making a hole in the wall. Take a look at this video. O Joe. Oh, that's the black dog. Hey, that it is so, oh. Oh, that Ain't, Hey, You think, oh, he say, lemme go sit down for before they come in here and find out that I did it. You gonna go back over there to it? Nah. Hey.


He like, Hey, you close. You did. He did it. Hey, hold on, hold on. I'm gonna wait. Hey, but listen, listen on, please tell Ash, you, you have a team of people, please tell them to find the same video, right. With the guy who does the voiceovers. The guy who does the voiceovers, he does voiceovers with the animals and stuff like that. Yeah. And he does a voiceover for that exact video of them playing around. And he's talking and it dog it is so funny. I swear for God, I was crying for like 10 minutes straight. Oh, the comedian, he a comedian.


Yes, he's a comedian. Clayborne voice over all the animals. He got one for that video. Oh my God, dog. It was hilarious. I don't know why I thought the game was night. It's tomorrow.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and A Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day, no insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan, who hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Unlock smarter learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs, powered by Intel core ultra processors. Head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPU and CPUs and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research. Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better, faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon-to-be graduate, needing to catch a recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


It is time for our last thing of the evening. Little to, it's time for q and a. I'm ready for the game tomorrow. You wanna make it? You wanna make a little light bet? Nope. No. What Anna's laughing at? He talking about you wanna make a little light bet. I want you, maybe my money you owe me. I got You. I got, You Know, Brandon, Brandon m said, what's y'all favorite Wayne line? Mine is we taking over, I'm a beast feeding me rappers or feed me beats. I'm a, I'm a bango, I'm a cheetah. I'm a, I don't even know how to say it the right way. Hey, chat somebody. Gimme that Wayne line where he said Ocho.


He ain't say it. He did. I'm no, he did. I don't remember. I don't how to say it. Somebody gonna feed it to me in the chat. One city at a time. We taking over. He says I'm a beast. Feed me rapper to feed me beasts. I'm maintain, I need a leash. I'm saying I need a shriek. I love brain. I need a leash while complain. I'm on Easy Street. I don't even talk. I let Mya speak and I like my Sprite Easter pink.


Ooh. But that's one thing about Khaled now Khaled. Hey, well Khaled puts up together. Yeah, he, he nice with it. Khaled nice with it. Now, bad Khaled, if I was, if I was an artist, You know, I, I had him, You know, make me some beats and produce something for me too. But when you starting out on your costs, man, man probably gonna hit you for a meal. Listen, they, They, nah, they didn't do me a favor now for me. They, no. Oh, You know them boys. Hey for me, You know them boys. They shit babe. Shit. This Snoop Dogg say hey, he won two 50 to 500 for a beat and for the video you get a hour. So get to shooting This me. Huh? This me, I know business comes first, but there's certain people that come to you and need a favor.


Oh, for O2. Oh nigga. Man. Well, you ain't gotta pay me nothing, man. What you trying to do Reed up Like Ocho? Yeah. I think I, I think I'm But way do way wordplay way wordplay is is crazy no bad. You Gotta have earphones on because if you don't have earphones on, you might miss it. Oh man. Listen man, I, I'm telling you, just listen to listen to, to them two songs. The one Maria with Wyclef and the other one being my, being myself. Listen to being myself first.


Manny French did the beat. And just listen to what he's saying. Johnny. Roy, what's up? Uncle Ocho is Elliot. I love the show. What do y'all do? Hey Ocho. Who you got so salty at? My 5, 685 pound self. Because I can push those one for nine. Unc my video is on, is on his Twitter. Had ocho and his feelings Ocho. Huh? I don't, I don't that bad. Put one forties up. Ocho. I mean, yeah, he's short and he built like a pit bull and when he laid down his feet was dangling. So he should be able to, now I'm just, I'm, I'm just playing now. I wasn't mad. Listen, he, I mean, I, I talk shit like that all god damn day, wife.


Congratulations. Well, I love you baby. You know, you, you still my dog or not. But I'm gonna hit them forties. Them one forties Monday for me. Hey Unc, I did the one 20, the, the other day. I did it for eight. But everybody telling me to come down a little further. Right. But all my, I talked to Phil Hill Right. I talked to Phil Heath and Phil told me and, and some other professional bodybuilders, You know, who won Olympia and say listen, coming down 90 degrees, that's enough Now. Anything below that, You know, it's, it's, it is causing a strain on the shoulders with that type of weight. With that much weight. You know your arms, they shit. Phil, he told me go 90 degrees. I'm going 90 degrees. I don't care What? Nothing. Okay, okay. You hear me Now You know Phil Heath?


Huh? No, me and Phil like this. Me and Phil used to train together. How you think he won? A few of them Olympians. How many Olympians he won? Eight. No, seven. Seven, seven. Seven. Yeah. Seven. Yeah. So you thought I Was nine? Ronnie, Ronnie and Lee Red wrote one eight. Yeah. Hey, look how he look how big I am. Look how I filled my shirt out though. That's that's crazy, huh? Yeah, Lee Big it What's up Uncle Ocho, when y'all going to have a tour in la, Nashville, Tennessee and Oh, do you think go James will be able to get number ring number five if they get a big, it all depends on who the big is. Alex Lin was not going to be help them get a ring.


They need a, they need a quality big, they need a, Mark Williams would definitely help the guy from Charlotte. But they gotta fill out the roster. They don't just need a big, they need some depth. They need people. You see the teams that, you see the teams that are in the finals. What do they have? Yeah. Depth. A bench. A bench. Kemp Norwood Jr. My question is, what's your top five movie candies? Oh, Twizzlers, Reese's Pieces. Sour Patch Kids, gummy Bears, m and Ms.


Nah. Man, you tripping man. Man, boy. If I have some milk done, I Listen. The fact that you, you I threw my whole grill out. You ain't even say you raising this. Hell no. What? Like no razor net. You Ain't, man, you ain't, And halfway through the movie, guess what? We going home. Why Raisins? Oh, you, oh, you can't eat raisins? No, sir. Oh, I ain't know that. I ain't Okay. My bad. My bad, my Bad. I can eat them. Yeah. But 30 minutes.


Hey, hey, I'm, I'm a raise. I'm a raise. I can't wait to go. Listen, I couldn't wait to go CDC centers in the theater. The, the simple fact that I hadn't had raised Nest in so long and hadn't been to the movies since before COVID. I'm like, yeah. The first thing I'm finna grab at cinema or right here off of, right off right here. Off of Sheridan. Yeah. I can't me some raising this, raising it dog. Yeah. Quiz lists first, then Reese's Pieces style patch. Oh, Joe, I've been to, I think I've been to one movie in five years. What, what you saw? I don't even remember because it was just like, right. It was just like, right. It was like a year.


Damn. I don't know what the hell I saw. Mm. It was probably like 20, it was probably like 20, 20, 23. Mm Like in March of 23. Okay. It was at a, I pick. Okay. Okay. I pick. But I, man, I, I love ocho. I love the movies. I used to go all the time. That was my thing. Just, hey, just go get my workout in on Saturdays in the off season. That's, and you go see two, three movies then go back home. Shit. I'm good then I'm good. Yeah. I, I just, I I didn't go to the movies. Movies. Give me a, I don't know how people eat that big old buck bucket of popcorn.


I can't do that. Just get a small one. You don't need no big one. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I I ain't never got the bucket and I don't wanna share. Let, let's get a buck. No, no, no. You get your own. Hold, hold On. How you gonna go on a date to a movie and not share? That's the whole No, I want you to have your own. You Serious? Yep. Okay. Alright. Hold on, hold on time. I just thought about something. I'm, I'm not finna let you get away with this. How you eating Twizzlers? Man? You know what Twizzlers taste like? Yeah. Twizzler. Yeah. Like, hey, you ever taste candle wax? Yeah. Hey. Nah. You remember them things used to have that liquid in there, you chew? Yeah. It was wax. It had liquid inside of it. What'd they call them? I don't, I don't know. But Twizzlers taste like candle wax.


I know that. No, I love, I had Twizzlers. I love Twizzler. Then I get Reese's pieces. So You know, I get the Reese's pieces. Not, not three or four bang of popcorn. That's a good one. The Reese's Pieces. Reese eat Chop patch gummies Bites. So Sour patch is cool. But then I hate when the roof of my mouth or my tongue get You get numb. Yeah, man. Not, not numb. Just from like, You know you eat pineapple, you Eat. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The, yeah, I don't like that with the sour patch stuff. Stephen Bass three 14 said what You know about the way you speak about discipline has literally changed my life. Keep preaching. Can you give another story about you and Sterling from your childhood?


Much love, big fan. Well, I, I think, look, my grandfather was in the military and when you walk on, when you work on a farm, you have to be disciplined. They're hardworking. 'cause it ain't no e it ain't no e ain't no easy job on the farm. Ain't nothing easy about the farm. You, I mean, you bailing hay or you feeding, You know, feeding animals. You lifting big old feed sack and You know, but y'all was one of them guys. Hey, I see my cousins do it. I see everybody. I, I wanna try to do it too. I ain't got no business trying to lift no 25 pound feed sack at no, at no 5, 6, 7 years of age. Right. Couldn't tell me nothing.


I granted say, Hey, if you grab it, you gotta pull it. Yeah. So, but I just say the thing is that's as a matter of fact, I just talked to my brother today. It's tough man. It's tough. I think about when I, when I think about what he and I went through to get to where we are, it makes you appreci. It'll, makes you appreciate stuff, makes you appreciate having him. Like I said, I don't know if I, I don't know if any other brother Hmm, I'd have that relationship with because hell, I need him more now than I ever needed him before.


And he's been there. Yes sir. But Steven, I wish everybody could have a Sterling Sharp for an older brother. La Brown MD said okay, okay Ocho can you drop a skin regimen because you look real smooth. Don't say eating cat because that's not on the menu. Hey, but listen, listen, I just, You know, my skin routine, You know my hair is all the same. I use fair and white and a fact fair and white black soap fair and white black soap. Matter of fact, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. It's right here. Hold on.


See I got, got, I got my toiletry bag right here too Fair. A fair and white. It is right there. Fair and white black soap. It's all I use. I get it. I get it from, I get it from the beauty supply store on 54th Street in Miami. So in the hood. Any, any beauty supply store fair and white, black soap. It's the only thing I've ever used. Obviously when I shave, I, I don't shave, I don't use razors. I use clippers anytime I shave. Well, You know you used to, you used to use ivory soap. Ivory soap or iry spray. Hold on, hold on. Let me, let me finish. I, I'm, I'm he to, I'm, I'm getting my routine. So listen, I, these, these are my clippers right here.


Right. You know, I cut my hair babo, boom, shade this up real quick. And I use skin type because I use the skin type because I ain't, I ain't got no, no razors no nothing. Right. And, and before and after that then I used my fan and white, black soap fan white. That's my routine. And I be watching Twitter, unc people be, Hey dude be having all these routines, rubbing all this stuff all on there. I'm like man, who the hell got time for all that? What is he, you going Bed? But two minutes I'm done. But ain't got time for all that. But hey, we having 15, 15 minute routines every night. Man, nigga, man, listen, I, I'd rather be bumpy. Okay. I'd rather be Bumpy. It be called, Hey, they be calling you Bumpy Johnson That hey listen, that they, that that name won had to stick.


But some of that stuff I think some, I listen, I understand creating content, but God, some of that stuff be like over the top. Yeah. Like who got time to do that every night? Especially when you come home from somebody you sleep. Yeah, Man, new women do that. They, women got their routine. They put that thing, they do that every night. Don't matter what Better than me having, have, have it on makeup and, and having to use those Wipes to get it off. Yeah. Yeah. The wipes to get it off. Then you gotta take your, You know, depending if you got on strips or, or you got on individuals, you, you gotta do take your lash, take your strips off your wig, you take your wig off and set it, set it on the styrofoam.


Like, I mean, listen what women have to go through when they come home. Nah, it is too, it's too much. It's too much. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. We want to thank our special guest, Matthew Judon for joining us. I am your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharpe. My partner and co-host Liberty City is on Bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for your support, your continued support. Thank you for joining us tonight. No, we didn't have a lead in for sports and you could have been anywhere.


You could have been listening to anything but you chose to listen to Nightcap with UNC Ocho and we appreciate that. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it, any city or state near you, we're coming, trust me. Order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The best tasting VSOP premium cognac on the market. We won 13 awards. We gonna get those awards up to you, show you the awards that we won. We, we serious about this? We do a very good job. The team has done a very good job of going to contest and we always, we gonna come back with an award. We winning something like they'll say we leave with something, With something. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms.


She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. We'll see you tomorrow after the game. OKC takes on Indiana. Will it be tied? One one or will Indiana be going home up two? Oh, yes, they will. Thanks for joining us. I'm unc, he's ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after the game. Thank you guys.


The volume, Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health Weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Does friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque. Show tartar who's boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello, add some everyday yay into your life.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 NI report.


This is an I podcast.