
If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus. you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more at apple card.com.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black, and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide, and I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Thursday, the Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. Join Al Michaels Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaley Hartung for this Hollywood Showdown. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Los Angeles, not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply. sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel at any time. It's the Vikings and Rams at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the UA four Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports. And sign up today.


The Volume


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player to score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, Joe, we're gonna get the Jerry comments in a bit. But first, Troy Eggman did not hold back when addressing the disappointment of the cowboy to the start of the cowboy season. Uhoh, he took dead aim at CD Lamb in the other Dallas wide receivers. Whoa, whoa. With their performances. Hold on through the first six game. I think the routes are terrible. I think they run terrible routes and I've always thought that beyond this year, I think CD's got to improve in its route running. And as a quarterback, if you're not certain where the guys are going to be consistently, it's hard to play that position. I see guys lazy coming off the line of scrimmage. Sometimes they run you. If they do, it's because they're anticipating they're going to get the football on that play. But if they're not, they don't.


And it all ties together. So I'm not impressed with that part of the game. Troy also talked about cd missing mini camp. I'm an old school guy. I just believe practice matters. So do I I believe that having the team together matters. So do I. So if I knew I was going to be signing him anyway, I would've had to sign. So he'd be working out with my quarterback and doing things that they should be doing. Ocho I, you see, this is what I like Ocho. I like when Troy, see I like when white quarterbacks say that. Right? Because they don't get labor as haters or jealous. Right? See, when you and I say that, right, if I said the exact same thing, which Oh, you a hater, you jealous.


You bringing the black man down. Now what y'all gonna say about Troy? I'm listening the comments. What y'all say about Troy? Tell, say about whatcha y'all say Troy, he jealous. He a hater. He envious because that's what y'all do to when blacks, we try to offer critique. But what we see having played the game, y'all kill us. Y'all beat us up. What y'all say about Troy, don't you? Yeah. I, I But CD was never Ocho I never looked at CD as a route runner. CD is a guy that's tremendous run after the catch. Right? He's not a route runner. He's not technically sound like Jetta. He's not technically sound like Devonte. He's not a route runner. He's not like Tory Holt. He's not like McKinna McCardle.


He's not like Jimmy Smith. He's not like you Ocho that's not what he is. Yeah, and that's okay. But what I do agree with Troy is that, bro, even when you not get the ball, you gotta bust your butt off the ball. You got to come off. Yeah. But yeah, I, I, I don't, I don't like the fact him singling out cd him singling out DI mean, I hear a lot of CDs. There's cd, that cd, cd, but hell, the goddamn defense is atrocious. Offense ain't much better. The the defense is atrocious. And then everything is magnified now Everything's magnified now because you're losing. So now when you're losing, everything is magnified.


So now they nitpick at every little goddamn thing. But you know that going in Ocho what's gonna happen? You start to lose. They say you lose because you sat on your helmet. You start to lose because the locker room dirty, all Type of stuff. I told them, Jerry talking about when we don't need him at practice. I said, Yes you do. Yes you do. I see. See you see, I see You see how dumb that sound. Now you know you gonna sign him or we gonna get it. We knew we was gonna sign him. Why would you, what? What do you mean he doesn't get anything at practice? Do you see the connection or the non connection? Yeah. That he and Doc has had the wifi for the first six games. The wifi is off a little bit. The wifi is off a little bit. You get that. You, I, no matter what y'all did the previous year, you have to get in the lab.


You got to get in the lab and rebuild that chemistry all up again. You got to unplug your route, plug it back in and restart. Yes. Every season you gotta do it. And you can't do it in the off season when you just by yourself. No. You need work with The court environment where people that's and tugging and pushing on you. You, that's when you, that's when you get it done. That's why. And if you knew you was gonna sign him, why wait, why play the game? You did the same thing. Zeke. You did the same thing with Zeke. Are you serious about winning? Then you need all your players together. You need 'em all together when it counts and when it matters.


Mini camp, training camp, all season workouts. Come on man. But, but here's the thing though, Ocho is that we know Troy, Troy got in Mike's ass. Yeah. He expected, he demanded excellence from Mike. Right? So this is not, but I just believe you got to hold guys accountable. Accountable. Right. It is an absolute must. Yes sir. Now I'm not telling what somebody told you, told me to say. I'm telling you having been in situation, the standard is the standard and we don't change that standard. No. Because of who you're, we play to the standard and whatever and, and whatever happens after that, we live with it.


But we not finna come here. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. When we hit that field, Yeah. We had an expectation. Expectation. Yes sir. I don't know how everybody else did it, but when we hit that field in Denver, Yeah. Yeah. Y'all listen, y'all was a well oiled machine bruh. Y'all was a well oiled machine. Well, That was an expectation. Ocho there was an expectation that we had. Right. We played to a standard. We know what was expected. We knew what was expected of us.


Right. From each and individual. Each and every one of us. John had to play to, we had a standard here, but John needed to play to his standard. Right. 84 needed to play to his standard. So did 30, so did 87 and 80. Everybody played to the standard. And then whatever happens after that, we live with it. Right. But it wasn't, people think you get good in the games. You win the games Monday through Friday. Monday. Yeah. Yeah. All all, everything is tied together. Anybody that tells you that it's not, don't play the game and they've never played the game, that's when you win the game.


It's what you do in the meetings. How attentive are you in practice? Yeah, I know. Practice. Yeah. I need You Need it. I just, I just, I just don't get these guys. I, I just, I I just don't, I just don't get, I just don't get 'em. I just don't 'em And listen, we talk, we talk about Troy, talk about cd, talk about Dak and have you seen the goddamn schedule for the Cowboys? The next three games? Hell, the next five in a row. Five. Yeah. Absolutely. Boy, it can, it can get, it can get ugly. It can get real ugly. I'm not sure what the, I'm not sure when De Marcus Lawrence comes back. I'm not sure how long he long he's out. I'm not sure how long Michael Parsis is out.


But unc it can get ugly real fast. Yes. For a team that's been 12 and five the past three seasons. Well, Mike has missed what? Mike has missed the game. He's missed the game. So they're only a buy a week. So three weeks. It all depends on how bad that, how ankle sprain is Right. For him to come back. I don't know D'S injury, I don't know his injury, so I don't wanna speak to like, he's gonna be out another week or he's gonna come back. So I really don't know. But I know Michael has a high ankle sprain. And I think by the time he, by the time the buy's over, it'll be three weeks. It'll be straight. So is it a four to six weeks? Is it, you know, do they, if I'm him, are you gonna try to now look, you're, they're struggling.


Yeah. You try to get your best players back as soon as possible. Yep. But just know my numbers dip. You know, I came back and I wasn't really healthy. Right. Mm. Well they can't, they won't be able to use that against him though. I mean, they can, but I doubt they would. He's the type. He's one those, I'm just, I'm just, just letting y'all know. Yeah. He's one of them players you really can't play with like that. You can't, you can't play with him like that. Shit. I could, I could had, I coulda had him back. I coulda had Michael Parson's back right after about two days after he sprained his ankle. The high ankle sprain. Well, with my remedy.


But don't nobody listen to me. Hell, I coulda healed Kawhi Leonard. You know, he wouldn't miss no damn time. I got some for Ocho Ocho. No, no Ocho no. I got something for you. No Ocho You ain't got nothing for Kawhi Trust knee gone Me. I'm telling you. He bone on bone Ocho. Huh? He bone on bone. I know how to listen. I know how to put a little little tendon up in there. You could, or I could oil it up a little bit If you could. There'd been a lot of career. Brandon Roy would wanna see, would've wanna see you like 10 years ago. I tell you. No lie, When that thing like this in Ocho, he might get, he might have a knee replacement before the time he 40.


Hey, I had that thing looking like WI put a little WD 40 in there. It'd be like he brand new. He wouldn't know What he, I mean Ojo, he didn't finish the season last year. He's starting the season. He out indefinitely. He hadn't played a, he hadn't played a full season in a long, he got hurt. What was that after? The only time he, well that was half a season. Because remember in the bubble. Right, right. Remember they went on a 3, 4, 5 month hiatus. And then he figured, but after that ocho he got hurt in the playoffs and he hadn't been yet. And even when he even on, on, on on load management. Yeah. He's still not able to play ocho. Huh? We gonna get that late.


We gotta get back to Jerry. While attending the NFL meetings in Atlanta, Jerry explained to the athletics Diana Rossini why he reacted the way he did on 1 0 5 0.30. I don't know. I, I don't know that I would go as far as calling it The Volume connotation as yelling. Okay. But the facts are if I'm going to be grilled by tribu, by the tribunal, I don't need to to be by the guys that I'm paying. Oh, so he can't fire him. Huh? If you pay somebody a salary, can you fire them Mocho? Yes Sir. So lemme repeat that.


'cause a lot of times people are like, well, Jake, but the facts are that if I'm going to be grilled by the tribunal, I don't need it to be by guys that I'm paying. I can take it from the fans, I can take it from other people. I take a lot of pride in how fair and how much I try to work with the media. We're brothers and sisters, but I was a little frustrated there that day. Little okay, we, we got in there as of accounting for decisions made in the obstacles. Okay. That might as be as well. Going back to decision I made in 2010, my point is that there's, that's from my perspective, there's no question. I'm sure that they would've liked having me grill. Like fans are thinking, what are you going to do about this?


Or what are you gonna do about that? I get it. I get all of that and I really go, I was really, I and really will go along with it. No you wouldn't. Jerry, Jerry went on to explain how his frustration stem from the individual asking the questions. Not necessarily the topic itself. The wrong ones were doing the questioning. Now, if those had been real fans sitting there, if they've been people that I, that I knew they would've been talking about football people, I might have a different answer. Hey, listen, There's a good chance that guy might not be working there. I I, if I was the dude, I would've left. I would've, I would, I Would've left. Put that job man. Huh? That man need that job And that man can get another radio job somewhere in Dallas.


Trust me. Can So lemme ask you a question. So you think you could walk out on a job that Jerry Jones and you gonna go get another job? Now I, I want you to, before you answer that, I want you to think long and hard. Now I yeah, I, I I hear what you're talking about. I hear what you're talking about. I think just based on circumstance and other radio stations know what happened, man, they, they'll hire that boy. Jerry wants some fucking yes men. 'cause he paying them. That's all it is. He wants some. Yeah. He want, I want Yes. If I'm paying you, make sure you don't ask me the tough questions and make sure you are on my side at all times. Okay. A bunch of yes men. Would you think about that? It's like, it's like, it's like dudes with an entourage. Yeah.


You know the dude, you know the golden and goose who making the money? You never wanna told him. You know what, that ain't a good idea. Boy, you know what, you shouldn't be doing that. You know what you was drinking. Gimme your keys, let me drive. But you don't wanna say nothing 'cause you don't wanna get your, your check cut off. You don't wanna before to get cut off. Coach On man Jerry in Dallas. Yeah, in Dallas. Tell him to hire me In Dallas. If Jerry Jones goes to any anything. Right. It says don't hire him. That guy's not getting hired. Okay. I see what you're saying. The Cowboys, the Cowboys are Dallas Ocho the man tried to get Roger Goodell.


Yeah. What the hell you think he gonna do to, to a guy making a hundred to between a hundred thousand and $400,000. Yeah. I got you. I got you. That's what power Ocho. Yeah. Power what? But listen, it reveals who a person truly is. It reveal who a person truly is. You got that kind of money. You gonna flex your power, you gonna flex your muscles. You want be attached, you wanna be attached to the Cowboys ocho you wanna be attached, you wanna be the flagship station. I hear you. You wanna be able to have, you wanna be able to talk to Jerry At what cost?


At what cost, at what cost. You can't even look yourself in the goddamn mirror and really be yourself. You really can't ask the question. You need to ask. You can't ask the questions that the people that's listening to the radio station want you to ask. 'cause you gotta pay and appease to the man paying you the money. Writing the check. Yeah. You got me, got me fucked up. Yeah. Tell him me, I ask him the questions. No you won't because we just now starting to get you to do the right thing by back cap. I know you ain't f-ing with Jerry. Yeah, I'm, yeah, I'm asking. I ask. No you're Not. Then then see you have to be careful. That's why I say let me have this.


You gotta be careful. NFL run everything bro. Yeah. Oh listen, I got, I got the main man, I got the main man on speed dial. I'm good. Just just between you and I. Yeah. The most powerful man in the NFL. Yeah. He lives in Dallas. I'm just gonna throw that out there for you. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't like the way, I don't like the way he is trying to scare me. 'cause he don't want, I ain't trying to kill you. I'm just, I'm just, but you know, I'll keep it factual with you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's Him. Yeah. Steven Jones all has to make sure he got something to say this week when asked if he sees any significant coaching or personnel changes during the bi week.


He said no I don't. We got the right kind of guys on the right, on the coaching staff and I think we have the right kind of players. I feel like we got the right group here. I don't necessarily know that raising hell is the answer here. So ain't no changes Right? Ain't no changes. Yeah. Damn. Okay. Shoot. I shit, what, what changes they gonna make right now anyway? Ain't really where you gonna go. I mean if you're gonna make changes, there has to be a direction in which you're going to go and when you make the change, what coach you gonna go get? What players can you go get? No, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think Jerry would make a coaching change in season.


Right, because Zim is on the staff. Yeah. Zim defense getting trounced. So how do you promote him? Brian Heimer has never been a head coach. His offense is not like they're lighting it up. So if I were to remove Mike McCarthy from his duties, where am I going with this? ocha. Right, right. I got you. I got you. So, but you know look, that's what power does. I mean power has you moving and thinking, oh you asked me that question. Mm oh get him up off of there. He gonna talk about it Was the guy, the guy's asked you millions of questions before. Yes. He was upset because he get in the door but he getting, Hey, they breaking it off up any Yeah, they breaking it off up in the Kai.


They breaking it off up any and ain't nothing they could do. OCHO is one thing if you lo you lose a buy field goal here or something. Ocho they getting blown out of the building. Yeah, they getting trough their building. They getting trough. So I don't know what to say about that.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black and then I read that she was black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message paid For by Harris for president.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel, Maddow And. our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


Cybersecurity awareness month is in full swing and LifeLock is here to spotlight the threat of phishing. Those sneaky scams designed to trick you into revealing your personal information while staying alert is important. True protection goes beyond just awareness. That's where LifeLock steps in with comprehensive protection. LifeLock doesn't just warn you about suspicious activity. LifeLock monitors your personal info and resolves identity theft issues if they arise. Take control of your security. Start your 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms, apply


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months and 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


What's popping And Justin Jefferson here. Football Is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Kirby Joseph went on the Ron Safe Browns podcast and talked about the Lions defensive scheme to play the game plan when they won 4, 7, 9 of the Cowboys. The game plan was really take CD lamb away. We know he's their playmaker once we took him out the game, we really wasn't worried about anyone else told you that. Ain't worried about nobody else. Nobody else can beat me. There's nobody else on the Cowboys roster. Right. Running back wide receiver or tight end other than cd that can beat me. Right. Listen the running. So I'm gonna double his ass as much as possible because guess what I'm gonna do. What I'm gonna try to do Ocho is I'm gonna try to limit his catches early because I'm gonna get in his head. Yeah. And then he gonna get frustrated and then when D come to him like he did early, he gonna drop it.


Nah, I got, I I ain't gotta worry about it no more. I ain't worried I I'm not definitely not worried about any of them other receivers or running backs. I ain't worried about none of them. Oh hey what about, what about D Hop to the Cowboys? You don't like that? No. This man would not Ocho I'm trying to think, when was the last time, the last time I think the Cowboys made an season trade, right? They sung, they traded for the singing Cowboy Roy Williams. They gave up two number ones. That's what kind of scared Jerry away from doing trades in free agency because remember they traded, remember they gave up two number ones for Joey Galloway.


They gave up two number ones for Roy Williams and it didn't work out for him. So it kind of scared Jerry away From doing it. Okay. Okay. I got you. I mean he had success early. He paid, he, he traded for Charles Haley, he traded for Prime and it worked out. Right. But lately his trades haven't been very good right now. I think, I think they Amari Cooper was they got what they at? What they, what they, what they paid. They, I mean I think Amari was a good trade for him. Yeah, but that's not, that's not how Jerry operates. Well I like, I like look, I like D Hawk to the Chiefs. Yeah, I like that one too.


That, that, that was my first option. But listening to what dude said on, on the podcast, I mean, well hell, that's a blatant, I'm not saying it disrespectful, it just the landscape of the the the Cowboys offense. There is no other viable threat that poses a threat outside of CD Lamb. And we we're, we're going into a game saying hell we stop 88. We ain't gotta worry about nobody else 'cause there is no run game. Come on man. What is that about? The other players Ain't my fault. It is what it is. I'm just telling you what I'm telling you what our game plan was. Yeah. Yeah. We went into the game saying we gonna take CD away because we don't believe the other receivers can beat us. Right. So, I mean, I'm Hoping, I mean there's been defensive guys.


Okay, we're gonna slide the protection. Right. We don't believe they have another player on the defensive side of football that can generate a pass rush. We're going to stop X. Right. That's it. Okay. And if somebody else can beat consistently beat one-on-ones, okay, we gotta live with that o live With that. Right. But I tell you what, your best player not gonna beat us. Right? Well I, I hope, I hope the Cowboys offensive players, especially at the receiver position. I hope they heard that. I hope they heard that Ojo. Yes sir. That's just like somebody, a girl saying you short, I heard it don't mean I'm gonna grow to be six foot five just because they heard that old me nigga all of a sudden they gonna be good.


You're what? You're O Joe. That's Bulletin board material. That might be the motivating factor to change their season around. Write it down Two and three. Step up. Huh? Give your pin so they can write it down. Hell take a picture of it. So in other words, defense and say y'all outside of cd, y'all suck. That's what they said. Hey, they know what they need to do. You gotta buy what you got a week. Wait, who? Who they who? They, they they got, they got the Eagles, right? No, They, the 49 ERs, they got the 49 ERs, the commanders, the Eagles. Oh my God. Oh, they got a, they got a gauntlet. The next five games is a gauntlet.


Hey, that's nasty. Oh, they got the Niners Falcons, t Eagles, Texans and the commanders start with the 49 ERs, then the Falcons Boy, I dunno what you want me to tell you. Ocho I, Hey listen, I mean, I'm, I'm just speaking for me, I'm not, I'm not sure if they're wired mentally like me, but being able to hear something like that to me would be motivating. Oh, that's what you think? Oh, that's how you feel about us.


No. Okay. Bet Ojo. But you looking at it from your point of view. But you the starter. Right? Because if they were like that, guess what? They would be the feature. There's a reason you the B side bro. Come on bro. Ain't nobody come to see you Otis. Look it man. Play the tambourine and then hit that chorus. Okay. Right. That's what I need you to do. You ain't got no acapella, you ain't got got no solo parts of this. That's me Mike. That's a good one. That's a good one. Justin. Field potential demotion in favor. Russell Wilson comes as a surprise to most everyone except Fields.


Pittsburgh has given Russell Wilson first team reps as he geared up for the possibility of his first start as a Steeler field was brutally honest. Hold on. Phil was brutally honest and is a self-assessment Thursday when speaking to reporters. I don't think I played good enough. If I'm being real with you, if I'm being real with myself, I think I could have played. I don't, I I think if I did play well enough, I don't think there would be any sort of who should be playing. But who should not? Ocho Yeah. What you got Another PC answer obviously from the quarterback and you expect him to say some of the things he did say. He said everything a quarterback is supposed to say in his position. He played well, you started off three and two, your team is four and two, you played exceptionally well.


Now there's a chance you could have been six and oh, but you're not, you're above 500. It's, it's okay. Mean Mike. It's okay. Mean Mike Collin needs to be very careful here. Ocho Yeah. But Once he need to be very, very careful here. It's too late now. It's too late be I said it, I said it from the start. Russell Wilson, it would be his job to lose, but he got hurt. He had a calf injury. Now he's healthy. So now you put, you put the person back in who was going to be the starter at the, at the beginning of the season regardless. And you let him play ball. All I'm gonna say is this. And it's His job to lose. It's his job to lose still. I'm gonna say this.


Yes sir. He better beat the Jets. He better win against the Jets. Right. That's all I'm gonna say. Hey, the Jets ain't no slouch. Now I I know the record, I know the record don't show what it should show. I also know that those guys that been playing, that's been on the offense and defense Fighting for fields. Right? Yeah, I know what you mean. I know you're going with it. I know exactly what you're going with it. The question is, and we didn't see enough, but when people say you can't, yes you can.


Mike Shanahan told us, says, look, you can lose your job if you get injured. If you get injured and the guy comes in and he's playing better than you before you got injured. Right. It's his job right now. We didn't see Russ play in the regular season, so we don't know Right. What he looks like in meaningful play. But boy Mike Tomlin need to be very careful with this situation. This is a powder keg. Yes sir. It's powder keg. Don't Joe. Yeah, I know what you mean. I'm sure he had that. I'm sure he had that talk with Russ. You pull him aside. Listen, it's your job, but it's also your job to lose.


I don't know how you go back to Justin Fields. Oh, I don't. But at, at four and two if things start getting dicey, well Mike to will make a switch. Now Ocho I don't know how you go back. You take the man out. You said what's his record? Four and two. He's four and two. He's four and two. Yeah. You take him out, you lose three games and you put him back in. Yes sir. The the the save of that season. Elizabeth is a reason. Mike Tom has had a winning season for the past 17 years. He gonna make sure that continues. This is a business. No, just because you're not losing doesn't mean you're winning.


Oh, that was a good one. Hey that hey, hey, on That long we on you need to down, we on. Hey, that was smooth. That was real smooth. Kaw Leonard is expected to be sidelined for an indifferent period of time to start the NBA season as he rehabilitates the inflammation in his right knee. Kevin O'Connor pointed out, the Western Conference is so stacked there's a strong chance to now the Clippers missed the play in which would give the thunder a lottery pick, which means the thunder could end up with Cooper flag lag. Just saying, Damn, I do what, what I don't understand.


I need somebody and, and somebody chat, maybe some basketball, basketball aficionado given Kauai's injury history. Why would you give him that deal and not Paul George? Oh, That's a, it makes no sense. It makes no sense. Ocho that's A good one. It makes no sense. You can't convince me. And I remember there were guys, I, Chad y'all remember the first night, Kenny, this is you Kenny Smith, on the first night that the Lakers played Clippers, he said UA Leonard made LeBron James looked unathletic.


He was paid based off what he had done previously before getting to the Clippers. While Leonard has never been a better player than the LeBron James. Oh, I I didn't say that. I'm based, I'm never, I'm speaking on you. Take Kauai at his absolute apex. Right. And he's never been better than LeBron. Never. Who said he was Kenny There? No, no, no, no. Kenny, no. I I think the thing is is that, is that he was just, if you just look at one game, one game, any from our game. Right? Anybody could make any, those are professionals. Anybody can make anybody look bad.


But if you look at the totality of it, Nah, I mean, everybody talk about, do y'all understand? I mean, y'all think about like what LeBron was doing. Kawai goes to the Toronto Raptors and Yeah, they won the title. I'm not so sure that would've happened if Kevin Durant didn't blow out his Achilles. We'll never know. Right. That's not the here nor there. But do y'all remember how LeBron ran the east Ran the East? Yeah. Man, I, I just don't know. I need, I don't know. Look, I, i look Lawrence Franks is a great general manager. I'm sure when you make a deal like this, you have to run it up to Steve Bomber.


Right. Who? The wealthiest owner in NBA worth 125 billion. Right. But ain't nowhere in hell I'm giving Wait, He worth more than Jerry Man if that man, look here, if that man had Jerry Jones money, you'd have to commit him to an asylum. Well he showed on act like Jerry, very fun, energetic, Charismatic. Oh yeah. He gets, he gets Oh yeah, they name, I mean I gave him the name to Baby Dinosaurs, but they used to call Itto. That's what they call Toronto because he ran Toronto.


Okay. But ain't no way Ocho I'm not doing, I'm not, look, I get it Right. Kawhi is not healthy. I wish it was something he could do for his knee. There's nothing. No, listen with the way, with the way technology is the fact that they haven't been able to help and find a solution or, or something to do, even if it is bone on bone. As advanced advances, we've gotten to this point with medicine and, and, and doctors and treatments and all type of stuff. People going to Germany, you know all that. I, I I don't, I don't understand it. I don't understand it.


Well right now they haven't learned how to grow tins and, and ligaments in a Petri dish. Yeah, we, we, we know how to get to the goddamn moon, but we can't figure out why don't get me started. Well, maybe they need to send his ass to the moon and maybe they, they got some stuff up there that you can come back down here and play. But don't y'all, I mean Yeah, I mean think about it. Yes sir. He's getting older. Yeah. You don't get, he as you get, your joints don't get healthier as they get older. Right? Well, right now they lost that trade. Yeah, because They gave up Sha Giles and you look at the roster that the Thunder has put together with those draft picks.


Nasty. Nah. Hey, you think Sha GIS is better than me in basketball? Yeah. The Clippers signed Kawaii to a three year, $153 million contract extension in January. Damn. When they decided to bet a few months of sustained help would continue when the lit literally years of evidence suggests otherwise. So he's making 53 million a year. Yeah. Oh Joe, this is a, you have a five year sample size Right. Of Kawhi Leonard's knees failing it.


That's not a one month, that's not a six month, that's not a one or two year. You have a five year sample size and you gave him 51 million and you trying to low ball Paul George. Damn. It's a dirty game. Damn. I mean that make it seem like it's a fluke. This is not a fluke. This is not a fluke injury. Ocho this is not a bump in the road. This is not, I mean this is what it is.


LeBron preseason is finished the next time he takes the court will be the regular season open of October 22nd versus the Timber Wve Laker coach JJ Reddick said his star was sitting out for rest or as he put it, DMP Oh take it out. The pop books, meaning the Lakers never quite got a dress rehearsal with the real rotation before the regular season open start. I'm gonna be at that game on Tuesday. Me and my daughter. Hold On. Hey, You gotta work Where the game at? In at la. Oh Shoot. I'll be there, Man. Stop. You ain't finna be nowhere.


You gotta work on Wednesday. I do. Nah, I'm I'm gonna catch a problem. I'm, I'm gonna go to the game and I'm gonna fly private that night. You ain't flying no private stop. I got some coupons. Nah, Trailway or the Greyhound or the air, which is Spirit, your airline of choice. That's fine. They don't fly private As long as they get to point A to point B. You not though. Not without, you know, stopping off. You have to make, you have to make two full layovers for Spirit to go from California to New York. You gotta stop at Dallas, you gotta stop at Mississippi. You gotta stop at a Atlanta and then you make it on end.


I they got a flight. They got a flight, they got a red eye. Philly, Philly, I mean from LA to Philly. That'll get me in on time. I see you, I see you at the liquor game. I gotta see you Gotta see you up Pops and Ronnie. That's gonna be a good One. Yeah, I gotta say I saw that because you know everybody remember Junior Griffey? Junior, senior playing together. Oh, oh yeah. I probably won't get an opportunity to go see another Laker game because of my schedule. But I gotta see this one. I mean, he know what he was doing. He said I'm gonna put this thing on Tuesday. I'm gonna give you a chance to go see her.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We Have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for By Harris for president.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


Cybersecurity awareness month is in full swing and LifeLock is here to spotlight the threat of phishing. Those sneaky scams designed to trick you into revealing your personal information. While staying alert is important, true protection goes beyond just awareness. That's where LifeLock steps in with comprehensive protection. LifeLock doesn't just warn you about suspicious activity. LifeLock monitors your personal info and resolves identity theft issues if they arise. Take control of your security. Start your 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms, apply


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.9 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


What Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Alright, ojo, now it's time for q and a. Q and a a bro, I felt good tonight bro. I got a a them midday nap. Be pan off bro. Man, I ain't have no nap. I had to catch a flight. I flew to la I flew to New York on Tuesday. Caught a flight back this morning out to LA tomorrow. Right back then back to LA again, then Black back to New York. But listen, I'm not even gonna, I'm not even gonna say my schedule Man. First of all, ain't nowhere in hell I'll take no red eye on Spirit.


Why? What? What's the problem? I mean, I'm not sure if you looked at the rankings, but Spirit is the number one safest airline. Y'all going. You're not, you're not. Y'all about to go bankruptcy. Who? Donald Trump went into bankruptcy. 50 cent went into BA bankruptcy. Listen, it's it's They not flying. No they didn't. They ain't flying no planes. It's A business move. They not really bankrupt. I ain't doing it. I got you. I'm not donated. 500 bucks. And he said who wins?


Rock, paper, scissors between me and Ocho. I do. We could play right now. Ocho you ready? Come on. Remember. Wait, wait. Let me, 1, 2, 3 hit. Okay Boy. You know how you do? You go one, two. Nah, I'm 1, 2, 3. Here. See there. There you go. See you see what he doing? He okay. Ocho on the count of three, right? 1, 2, 3. Either you slow or the signal slow.


Y'all flow chant. Y'all see Ocho? What you talk about? Listen, I listen Chant. Y'all see Ocho? I'm the rock Chant. Let's go Ocho. Come on. I'm ready. Paper. Paper. I got him waited. Why you waited? You waited until I, I put mine and then put up the scissors. Oh you, I Went Before. You See black folk can't never do nothing.


Black folk. We can't never nothing. Why you gotta cheat? Why you gotta cheat? Man, Chad, Did y'all see me? I did scissors. He came behind me knowing I did scissors and, Alright. One more. One more. One more. One more. Nope. Nope. Man, this joking. He can't even cheat. Right? How you know the man? You already know the man. So, okay, if he got, if he got rock, I'm gonna do paper. If he got scissors, I'm gonna do rock. This man see me got scissors up there. He's like gimme paper, You cheated. I cheated Kemper. No wood Junior said Unc, my question is, is when are the Broncos gonna retire your 84?


So no one else can wear it. You know Kemper? That's a good question. I don't know. You know what? I need to talk, I need to talk to a, the Walton parent family. I think if you wouldn't go to the Hall of Fame, I think you should have your jersey retire. Especially, I did spend 12 about 14 years there. Helped win two Super Bowls. Hell, I think Museum water, Shit. I, Museum water, TD Champ, hell, all of us. They ain't gonna have no jerseys left to wear. Oh well you can wear it. You go into the Hall of Fame, you can get it.


Nelson said, who is your top five Broncos of all time? Well, you gotta start with seven is one. I would go TD Vaughn Miller, John TD Vaughn. Hell, I know he only played four years there, but hell you can't leave Peyton out. And then I'm gonna say there's a tie between me and Champ Bailey for five. That's a good one.


I would take Peyton out and put Champ. I mean it's kind of like, I mean look, he, he played, he played for the Broncos man. I mean he won a mvp. He went to two Super Bowls. He was a two time first team all pro. He broke the record for touchdown passing in the game. I mean a season. He broke the record for to pass yards of the season. So I mean, Vaughn basically single handed won a Super Bowl. Oh yeah. He, so I mean he got what, dabbed near a sacks for the Broncos Man, I, I think he's the premier defensive player in, in Bronco history.


And you know, we've had some, you know, we had to Tombstone Jackson, we had Randy Haw, you had me, you had Dennis Smith, you had Atwater. We've had some pretty good defensive players but, but I think Bond is the best one. Your boy go crazy said, Hey Alex Highsmith will be back on the other side of Watt this week against the Jets. How do you think it will affect considering how Tyrant Smith is playing? What? Well he better, he he, he better play better than what he been playing. That's for damn sure. And even he, I think his name is he, he ain't no slouch.


He bringing pressure on the other side and you know you got TJ and then you got Cam Hayward Boy. Yeah Tiger have to play better. He gonna have to play, he definitely gonna have his step, his game up on Joe. Yeah. News 8 6 4 UNC we got us one with Dalton Connect. He was on fire tonight. Especially in overtime Leaguers and six oh NFL network. Damn. They got John one, they got Terrell TD two, they got me three, they got Champ four, Peyton five, six at water, seven grad eight me nine Von 10.


I dunno about that. But hey, That's a good love List. Look, I put it like this here. I know this I, this is what I do know when I go back, the fans gimme love and that's all you could ask for. That's it. They gimme my, they they, they, they show me love. They always have. They knew I played my ass off for him. I gave it everything I possibly could. You know, they know when they left that game, 84 played, well I was 81 for two years but 84 everybody knows that he played his ass off for. And so that's, that's, that's really all I care about. I played for my, My coaches' trust, my teammates respect and for the fans' appreciation.


That was it. That's all I played for respect, trust, and appreciation. And at the end of the day, I thank my teammates respected me. I think the coaches trusted me and I know the fans appreciated me. Same thing when I went to Baltimore. That's, that's it. All that other stuff that Kate, yeah it was nice to make a Pro Bowl a all pro. It was all, all that stuff is nice Ocho, I'm not gonna lie, right. It's nice. But at the end of the day, guys and coaches that around me every single day and the fans that pay their harder money to see 84 and 82 do what I was brought there to do. Right. That's it for me. Nate Harper said Uncle Ocho, what's your favorite Super Bowl all time other than the ones you played in Got my Nightcap merch today and I love it.


Favorite Super Bowl Two? My favorite one on Madden. Man, you know the Super Bowls man, like the last like 10, 15 years. They've been really good. Yeah, listen, you remember the Steelers and the Steelers and the Cardinals. The Cardinals go down to good, really good. The Falcons. Even though the Falcons lost 28 3. That was a really good game. Overtime. The game the, that was the first overtime Super Bowl, wasn't it? Yes. The 40 ERs and Dollar Chiefs. That was that was, yes. 40 game. What the, huh? Pass back was the first overtime game.


Yeah. Yeah. It was a very good bowl. The Steelers and the Cowboys used to have some good Super Bowls back in the seventies, I think. What was that? 70, 74, 75 then 1 78, 79, I think that's 78 Super Bowl. What was the one 70? What was the one that they played at Tulane Stadium when they had like, I think they had like 15 Hall of Famers on the field right At one time. Which was the most hall of Famers on the field at one given time.


The Steelers. With the Steelers and they played the Cowboys. Was it like 14? So what what was 78? What was the 78 Super Bowl winning the 78 Super Bowl with the Cowboys in the Steelers because 79 was with the Rams and the Steelers. Okay. Yeah. I mean you go back and look at that, look at, look at the talent that they had on the field with that one with Randy White.


And you had, you know, you had, obviously you had mean Joe and Mel Blunt Ham Joe and Lambert and, and, and, and Bradshaw. You had Swan Stallworth Franco, you had Mike Webster, you had Franco Harris, Orange Bowl. That was the one that Orange Bowl. Okay. Super Bowl 13. I don't, let's just say I don't think we gonna see that many Hall of Famers on one team again. Uhuh not like that. Well, because if you think about it, the Steelers had like nine on one team and they drafted them.


That's crazy. Let their think in in, what was that 70? Was that 74? They took Swan in the first round. They took Stallworth. No, they took, no, they took, they took Swan in the first, they took Lambert in the second. They took Stallworth in the third and they took Mike Webster in the fourth. So their first four picks was Hall of Famers Real Deep. And then if I'm not mistaken, they drafted Donny. Johnny Shell was a free agent. Your draft class right? Got five Hall of Famers in it. That'll never be done again. Unheard of.


Which, which One? Giants Buffalo. Oh yeah. 1990. That was in Tampa. In was Tampa. That's when it the wide, that was wide, right? Yeah. Th Thurman Thomas. They let Thurman Thomas run to keep Yeah. Yeah. That's when the Oti Sanderson was the MVP and was it Scott Norwood and Mr. Def Field go? Yeah. Yeah. I mean let that thinking of five Ocho your draft class and you got five Hall of Famers On the same team. Yes. That's your draft class. No, that's crazy.


Not not the whole draft class. Your draft class. Draft class. But Bill Nun was the, was the, was the, was the, what you call him was the GM at the time, right? Bill Nun Jr. Was a a a Gutman Radio Rahe and the Do the right thing. Yeah. That was his dad that picked those players. Okay. Yeah. I used to be a Steelers fan. My mom loved the Steelers. I took, I think I took my third, me and my brother. I was in third grade. My brother was six. We took our school pictures in Steelers, Jersey, Franco Harris, you remember the Steelers used to have sleeves. The Steelers were the only one that had the sleeve to come down here.


They didn't have the cutoff. They had this, The half the half sleeves. Steves made up hot ass jerseys. Leotta Rose. Hey Nightcap, uncle Ocho. I've had a lot of trial and error trying to reach my goals. Can you guys give me some advice, tips on how to maintain and progress in my fitness journey? Boy, they, they, well it come to fitness boy, that ain't nothing but discipline now. Time to get up. I don't know your schedule, but there ain't nothing but discipline. That's all it comes down to. Discipline and want to, you gotta wanna do it. 'cause you gonna have days you don't wanna do it. Hell it what days? I ain't even wanna get up for practice, but it's just something I gotta do.


'cause there was a, there was an end goal in mind. Yes. Keep that end goal in mind, but it all comes down to discipline. And don't make no excuses. Don't make no excuses. You'll feel better about yourself when you see the results though. It's that was the, that, that's, that's what drove, that's what got me ocho that's what really got me in hooked on fitness. Yeah. Is that when I started working out and I saw the results, I saw 185 pounds skinny kid go to 2 0 5. Yeah. At about five months. Yeah. Abed up. Yeah. That, yeah. That sound like me, You know, but your boy, I was an Under Armour mannequin. You know how you go in the Dicks and you see the mannequins? Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


I look, I like, I look a, I look like a sculpture too. Now. I look like Alexander the Great Shredded like a Trump tax return. Yeah. ocho Hey, hell no. Waste was gone. Like a Clinton email disappeared. Just like that. Like a Clinton email. Lo that's what it is. Your, your desire to reach that fitness goal has to be greater than your desire. Not to, or to eat that snack. Or to not go work out or not to do that extra cardio. I mean, what is it that you're actually trying to accomplish?


Right? And how bad do you wanna accomplish? Because when we want to do something, we do what we want to do. We really do. It ain't no shortcuts either. No, no, no, no. No. Shortcuts. Not that it ain't no shortcuts. Nah, no. There there's not. But you just have to have a single, it's one day at a time. It's one. It is, it is literally one day at a time. One day at a time. And you know, hey, I mean, honey rices my diet. I get, I get two, I get two cheat meals a week, not, not cheat days. I get meals. Right. So I get out of the meals, I try to eat.


He got me eating, try to eat five times a day. But good luck with that. It's all I can do is get four down, damn to five. But I get two cheat meals. My cheat meals normally consist of two burgers with sweet potato fries. And then like on a Sunday I'll do breakfast, I'll get like a French to, I get french toast. So I get pancakes and egg whites and Turkey. Turkey bacon or chicken sausage. That's it. Other than that, it's Tupperware, it is broccoli, carrots, chicken, Turkey, broccoli, carrots, chicken, Turkey, broccoli, carrots, chicken, Turkey, Turkey, ocho.


You know greatness is boring. Oh yeah. You know, it's monotonous. It is. As Tom Brady, because he did the same thing over and over for 23 years. Greatness is boring. It's the monotony of it. And you do something over and over. Not until you get it right, you do it over and over until you can't get it wrong. That's it. And you know, hey, even me, I gotta do a better job. I gotta get back on. You know? It's like, it's just because I, I'm, I'm like, I'm traveling.


I'm already dime of medallion. Right. But there ain't no excuse. There ain't, there is no excuse none. Zero. And I ain't finna give you one, but I'm gonna get my fat ass in shape too. I'm, I'm, I'm tired of being this, I'm tired of being this big. Yeah. Big for no reason, man. Everybody talking me, man. I went to the me and Joy was at the Olympia. Man. Man, you need to get on stage. What stage I sitting my old ass down. I'm cheering, I'm cheering for Samsa, I'm cheering for Andrew Jack. I'm cheering for all those guys. Right. I don't want no part of no stage, man.


Nah. I'm finna get this thing off here. I'm finna peel up. Watch. So when I come to your wedding, I about be in that thing. I'm coming that thing with them, them white pants on Be peeled up. I'm telling you, I'm coming in with, I ain't got no shirt on. No. Hey, now you gotta have your shirt on. Now you can have it unbuttoned, but you gotta have it on. Dont you let me live. I'm gonna let you live. But you gotta come, you gotta come to the wedding. Correct. Now you know security. I don't want security. Have to escort you out. Now. Bad look here. The, Hey, do you want the wedding to go off without a hitch?


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black, and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris, We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president. And I approve this message paid For by Harris for president.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel, Maddow And. our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


Cybersecurity awareness month is in full swing. And LifeLock is here to spotlight the threat of phishing. Those sneaky scams designed to trick you into revealing your personal information. While staying alert is important, true protection goes beyond just awareness. That's where LifeLock steps in with comprehensive protection. LifeLock doesn't just warn you about suspicious activity. LifeLock monitors your personal info and resolves identity theft issues if they arise. Take control of your security. Start your 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms. Apply


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV. Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price. Access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply supply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. no one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com.


Alright, I'm have thing. I'm gonna have it all. I'm gonna have unbuttoned all the way down. Only one button gonna be, but I'm gonna have them linen, you know, you know, you know, have a little wet, you know, I a little wet and then, you know, I'm saying don't, and put that, put that oil over, you know, so that thing be glistening, that water be up on your boy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like it. Woo. Lord have mercy. I like it. That ain't fool with you, Ocho. I'm ready.


Architect. Nice tv. Set a ocho. Wanna play a friendly bet fam U Jackson State game this weekend? Bet. Bet it. Bet it. What? You wanna bet? Make it lighter. You said bet a hundred dollars. Bet a hundred. Boy. Send me a DM too. Send me a DM you Got so you go bet Bocho. I just betted hundred. Oh, okay. Be my hundred. Well, you know, fam from the Whack Man. Come on man. You know, Jackson State ain't got nothing for fam U Man. Stop playing, bro. Jesus loves Kobe said that. Uncle Ocho. Can you just wish my brother Brennan Tate a happy birthday? He's a great guy and you know, he loved to hear from you guys since you, since he loves ball.


Excuse me, Brendan. Happy birthday bro. Wanna wish you a happy birthday. Hope you had a great day. I don't know if it's today or if it's tomorrow, but whatever the case may be, hopefully you have a joyous and a very celebratory birthday. Happy, enjoy with family, friends, and loved ones and enjoy your day and many more to come. Thanks for supporting Nightcap. Yes sir. Hey, Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, congrats on winning be Best Hip Hop Platinum Award from BET hip Hop Ocho u We won the award. You know, we won the BET. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Congratulations. Hey, you know what I'm saying?


Congratulations. I think About I'm have to build me a trophy room. I have be able be a trophy room. Gotta put 'em all up there. We about to get some more too. Oh yeah. We win these Signal awards. Yeah, We ain't finished. Thanks Doc. Yeah, man, I mean, it's, it's great. I mean obviously I'm, I'm the face and everybody knows club Shake shape, but there's so many people from CJ to, to the graphics people, to the editors, to everybody that does such a great job, Savannah. That, that, that coordinates a lot, man. There's a lot that goes into it. And I'm just thankful that I have, I I believe that I have the best staff at Sheha Media because everybody that works at Sheha Media especially that works close to me.


They know more than I do. So I let them do their thing. I let Ash at Nightcap, she does her thing. She know I trust the wholeheartedly, but she know if it don't go well, she'll have to make that call. CJ is the same thing. I let CJA whatever, whatever you think we should do, whatever you think we can do to keep advancing club Sheha bra, you have my blessing. You don't have to run it by anybody else. You all, Hey, if anybody asks you, you've already cleared it with me, Ash, if anybody asks you, you've already cleared it with me, take off with it. But I want them, I want them to feel empowered. I want them to feel that whatever the case may be, whatever is gonna help.


She, she medium Nightcap club, she, she five 20 bubble. Do we getting ready to do a deal? Obviously we getting ready to deal. Can we tell real We can't say nothing maybe So, yeah, but I mean, man, this, I mean, never in, in, in 24, the way 24 started off. I mean, you Couldn't imagine it. No, no. You know, because the, the thing ocho, this ain't the only difference between truth and fiction is that fiction has to make sense.


Mm. This is true. You, you, you can't, you can't, some things are beyond explanation. You, you don't have answers for God showed favor. He heard prayers that you didn't even think he was listening to. And when he has something for you can no one else stop it. And Kat coming on, and like I said, I mean him, he's great. Like I said, I, you know, and I talked to him. I, I talked to Kat and what's one thing about him, he go, if he don't pick up the phone, Right Within 10 minutes, if he ain't like on set, he gonna call back.


You need what? What you need? What? You need something? Nah, I don't need anything. I'm just, bro, I just, Hey, just wanna talk. Just, Hey, how you doing? I say, what, what do you need? What can I do for you? Yeah. And his answer is he's like, I didn't do this to get something in return. That was my, that was God's blessing you through me. I said, bro, let me do something. Say nope. He said, because if I were to accept something that mean I didn't, I did it for the wrong reason. I was doing it expecting something. Right, right, right. He said, but I told you it was gonna put you in a whole, he said it. I mean, Jordan heard it.


I mean, he said it. I mean he said it. He said, this is gonna put you in a whole new dimension. I mean, when people say stuff like, boy, hey boy, you going, boy, you gonna be something. You know? So, you know, you like Take it with this grain of salt. Man, that man said this is gonna put you in a whole new dimension. I couldn't even imagine. Right. And, and as we, the, the pastor used to say in our church, if I had a thousand tongues, I couldn't think of enough. Mm. Because it did, it launched Club Sheha. It helped catapult Nightcap into a stratosphere.


We could have only dreamed of OCHO and, and every were, and if we had dreamed it, we probably would've needed to wake up because he like, man, that s ain't going, there ain't no way that could happen. Not that good. Not like that, Right. That fast. Yeah. Here we are. The awards, the, the, the accolades, the attention, the what's comes along with this has definitely been a blessing. I mean, 24, you know, I get a new deal from ESPN, you get deals from you with DraftKings and you with what's the inside the NFL inside The, hold on, I got, I got another one too.


Huh? What you got? I got another one with Apple. Apple. Yeah. I'm not, I'm, I'm, I don't even know if I'm allowed to see it yet, but I, I, I didn't, I didn't jump the gun, but fuck it. Oh well. So I mean, everything that we've got Nightcap is continues to grow. Club Shaha continue to grow. Rolling. ESPN growing your role inside the NFL. You got all these gig, all this things, everything is just happening. So Ain't ain't number favor, baby. That's, its ain't Number Favors. And you know, we just, just give credit to the man above.


Yeah. But it's a huge honor to win this BET award. I mean, obviously we grew up watching BET and to win this award is a huge honor. And so I thank BET and anybody that, that voted thank you. Is is greatly, greatly appreciated. So what else you got tonight? Who that? You I think I'm gonna what call, I think, nah, I ain't gonna sleep in Two bro. I'm gonna go work out. I'm Finna hit this bed. I might, I I hit the gym at 6:00 AM I gotta work out. I gotta pack.


Get ready for tomorrow. Catch this flight. Oh, are we staying overnight? Are we coming right back? Friday. What time? Four o'clock. Four o'clock. Oh yeah. But I thank you guys because look, o and I do what we do. Ash does what she does the team at, at, at Shehe Media, the graphics.


Jordan does a great job of, of, of capturing content doing what he does. CJ and his staff, they do what they do. But you guys make it all possible. You guys watch, you guys listen, you guys share, you guys talk about none of this is possible without you. And I mean I just, I couldn't even, I couldn't even, I couldn't imagine this that, what, what was that? 16, 17 months ago when I left Fs one June of 23.


So six, 17 months. Somebody would've told me 17 months ago, said, Shannon, this is kind of where your life, this is where you're gonna be heading. And come on Ella With a lot more projects in the work. And you know, that's, you know, a lot of times, a lot of things like, okay, Shannon, do you want to, you want to take these meetings or do you wanna go work out and I have to take the meetings? Ocho Yeah, because these execs, they want to, they wanna sit down and, and look Shannon Sharpe in his eye and see how serious he is about doing said projects.


Right? And then, you know, Ash and I or CJ and I, we gotta go and take these meetings. So something gotta get left behind. It's my work, it's my workouts. Right. But what's happening is that the fans, people that watch us, they can't deny us Ocho, they can't deny us no matter what they think about you, no matter what they think about us, no matter what. Oh, they this and that and you know, try to manifest dissension between you and I. It's undeniable.


It's undeniable. And we're just getting started. Oh yeah, We just getting started. Ocho stop even Scratch the surface yet, You know, now if you could just stop eating, moody it be a lot better. Stop. What now? I didn't say nothing. I couldn't hear you 'cause you were mumbling. Stop. Stop me Moody. Excuse me. Yeah, that's what I said. Other than that, you know, thank you guys for joining for another episode of Nightcap.


The Broncos take down the Saints 33 10. They sacked a Rattler six times. Bo Nicks was clean. They get 35 rushes, 225 yards, two touchdowns on the ground. Both of those by Avante Williams as they roll over the Saints. 33 10. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharpe. That's 85. That's from Liberty. He's from Liberty City. He is a bingo ring of Fame artery, a pro bowler an all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. You can call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button.


And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, you matter. Thank you for mattering and thank you for helping us matter. Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Portier. Our goal is to be in between 14 and 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, you can order it online. We have it in stock and we can have it shipped to you in somewhere between two to five days. So thank you for your support and thank you for your patience. And please make sure you follow my media company on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84, which is 84 being spelled out.


UNC and ocho ts are back in stock. Remember, unc and ocho ts are back in stock. And thank you guys. 'cause I know a lot of you guys have starting to receive your orders and you've been posting them. Keep posting them. We greatly appreciate that and glad you, you, you like the product. That's it for tonight. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you after what game on Saturday, Colorado. Who's playing? We we'll see you. Seven 30 Eastern, which would be four 30 plus. Oh, we'll see you seventh. Yeah, I thought so.


We'll see you. 10 30 Eastern. Seven 30. Seven 30 Pacific. Oh, big ball game. Georgia at Texas. That's the, that's the game we're gonna follow. Okay. Georgia, Texas. That's the game we coming on after. But it's gonna be some good games this weekend. So thank you for joining us. I'm Unc, he's ocho. See you Saturday after Georgia, Texas The Volume you


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion league match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up to date.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid For by Harris for President


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV. Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.