
Every American deserves the right to fair housing, and Kamala Harris is working to make that right realized by us all. She learned firsthand how hard it is to work toward the dream of having a home. As California's attorney General Kamala Harris took on the big banks in Wall Street, and now she's looking to give first time home buyers $25,000 for a down payment This November, vote for the leader looking out for your home. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president, and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


Hey. there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns. Mme. Moore at DraftKings Sports book, and of official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Head coach Shane Steichen was non-committal on Monday, asked whether or not Anthony Richardson would remain the team starting quarterback against Minnesota in week nine. Ask more specifically if Richardson is quar. Is coach's quarterback right now? Stike replied today he is, yes, but would not say if that would be the case moving forward. We're evaluating everything, not just the quarterback, everything. We all gotta be better. There's a whole bunch of areas that we can improve on. I'm not just talking about the quarterback, I'm talking about everything. We've gotta be better moving forward. Like, like that man Ocho, I hate, I hate stuff like that. Especially you, you know, in, in the middle of the season.


You know, be direct with your comments. I know you the head coach. I know you don't want to let things out, you know, to the reporters. You know, whether you gonna start 'em or not, you know, whether you gonna start him or not. Why even play that game? Why even play that game now? You bench you bench your quarterback because he is maybe struggling a little bit. You know, if if you, if you watch the game, I'm not sure if the people, obviously the people at home only get to see the TV copies, but you know, if you, you like for you seeing the 22, the 22 film that it, it, it, oh, 22 different. You know, he, he he need he needs to work. There's some stuff he needs to work on. Huh? There's some, there's some stuff he needs to work on. Yes. He's not playing well for that team to be as good as they should be with what he has around him.


He's, he's not. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just gonna be, I'm just gonna be honest. So I I, yeah, A change, a change might come when they go to Flacco, but I'm not sure how that helps him because the only way for for Anthony Richardson to get better is to be at the helm and making those mistakes and growing from them and learning from him. Putting, putting Flaco in. But see, putting does what exactly Keep my job. That's what it does. You see, you just said quarterback getting head five. There's another on, on the hot seat down there in Jacksonville now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.


Yeah, yeah. Ab ab Absolute. Doug, Doug Peterson is absolutely on the hot seat. Yeah. With Trevor Lawrence. The absolutely, but the part that steer me though, when you do something like this for a quarterback that, that's, that that's that young and you bench him, I don't want him to start doubting himself. don don't want him to start doubting himself and then what happens, he also becomes gun shy and the things that makes him special, the things that make Anthony Richens richeson special, then he'll stop doing it because he doesn't want it to happen again. Then he becomes, he become, he becomes hesitant, right? He starts to become indecisive and it also mess with your psyche and you're confident, but damn, I got Vince Right.


Oh shit, now I gotta come back. When I do come back, I gotta do everything perfect. I can't make no mistakes. And when you can't play freely that, that's, that's not good. I think the thing is Ocho, he does a great job of throwing the D ball. It's the touch, it's the timing throws that he struggles with. He doesn't have the everything. He's throwing it through the i a hurricane. I'm like, damn bro, Hold no, hold on. I'm talking about he throwing it through a what? He tried to throw everything through the I of hurricane. That's a good One. I ain't hear That. I'm like, Right, right, right bro, he Right there dude.


Oh Joe, you know you can't throw a shallow across like you throw, like you throw an end cut, have the dude four six Yard from Yeah, that's what they had a saying. Know quarter. They love quarterbacks. They have a catchable ball, Catchable ball. Yes. Yes. E everything doesn't have to be wrong with the same velocity. You know, there are times if you look at Mahomes, when he threw that one to Kelsey, he knows the guy's coming down to Robin by the wing. I gotta get it there in a hurry. But now I throw the shallow cross. I know, Hey, I gotta give, I gotta give a, well he, it wasn't a shallow cross. It's almost like a, a Q nine, a sprint option route to Xavier worthy. Right. I gotta give him a catchable ball, put it out in front of him so he can turn and get the ball into the end zone.


That's a part of it is the most important thing is giving the guy to run with it after he catches it. Because a lot of times, Ocho, you throw me the ball and I gotta go down to catch it. What could have been yards after the catch. Now I got a seven yard game. Right. And it could have been a 15 yard game, but that's what the really great quarterbacks understand. I just think, look, he's extremely young. I'm not so sure how many years, what did he start? Maybe one year in college. If, if that. And so there's a lot of, there's a lot of maturity that needs to take place in order for him to be the quarterback that they want him to be. And the quarterback all hopes to become. Oh My bad, But oh yeah, what happened yesterday, Ocho Yeah, not At all.


That won't help his situation now at and again with that situation as well, I wish he would've told the truth about what the real issue was and on why he went out. I guarantee you, I'm not sure at what point I probably the, the storyline is out already. And he said he was tired. Ain't no way in hell. That was the reason why you asked for him to come out. I guarantee you unc, I sw. Oh God. Something was wrong with that left ankle. I'm telling you, something was wrong with that left ankle. 'cause the the way Well he about go with that one way got, I went with that one And dude pinned him just a little bit. Pinned him just a little bit. I'm sure he might have aggravated it. He went out and wanna say, oh, I was tired. You listen, you're not playing receiver, you're not playing running back.


You're not doing enough running like that. Even if you do have to scramble, you're not doing enough running like that to be tired in that situation or in that moment for that matter. That angle was messed up. You didn't wanna say Nothing Ocho, I I'm, I ain't, I ain't gonna disagree with you. I ain't gonna say you you, you not wrong when you're right. But go with that because it's a bad look to say you were tired because do you know how Ocho does he understand how tied the linemen are? How tied the tight end is? How tied the backs are? The receivers we're actually running. I'm talking about multiple times you scramble. The receivers are scrambling 30 and 40 yards, two, three plays back to back to back.


And a lot of times we're not allowed to come out because we are afraid to come out OCHO because like, hell, if Rod come out, rod tired, I'm tired, ed tired. So now damn, we got our three starters out. We got three backups in. Somebody gotta stay two or three starters, gotta stay on the field. And plus I want the ball. Hey Ocho, I see Ed and I see Ed and Rod tapping out. I might start, oh no, I go, go ahead. Come on, y'all gonna throw it to me now because I know we got two guys coming in. I know he finish trust them guys coming in there. Lemme go get this pass right quick. But I think that's the thing though, Ocho, I I I think you just have to be, you know. Yeah, yeah.


It's just not a good look to say you got tired of your, your li think about them lying with Ocho Sean Peyton on the panther saying he tried to run the score. It's in the NFL play. Did he hear what I said? I could have swore I told you that Yesterday. You know, he, you know them coaches, them coaches hit. Oh man, everybody listen man, they might not watch it laugh like this, but I guarantee you it get it. Get to him now it get to him. Sean Peyton on the Panther sing. He tried to run the score. It's the NFL play better with the Broncos ahead by 21 points in the fourth quarter against the Panthers. Peyton called a fake field goal and had the wide receiver court in Sutland threw a pass to the fullback Michael Burton to convert a fourth down those play calls upset members of the Panthers.


And JC Horne was caught on camera saying the Broncos were trying to run the score up. Yep. That's what we do. That's what offense supposed to do. Peyton said he looked at it as trying to win a football game and trying to learn to close out a game and suggest that the Panthers play better if they like to stop the Broncos from doing such. Oh, we're trying to finish the game the right way. We're not trying to run the score up on anyone. It's the National Football League. I've been in games with a 28 point lead in the fourth quarter and lost. So we're trying to finish. You gotta be alert for everything. You gotta play football. It's a football game. You don't stop playing and don't stop being alert for any and everything until the goddamn clock hit hit zero in the fourth quarter. I'm coaching a game, not the scoreboard.


And I think I brought it up to you before about coaches having a pac, there's a certain pact that I thought they had, but there's a certain amount of respect where you don't run the score up. And, and, and I mentioned that you was like, hell no. But I remember sometimes where a coach ran the score up or, or threw a pass or scored a touchdown when they shouldn't have, when they should have took a knee and instead of shaking hands, they got the arguing at midfield after the game. Yes. I said, well, I oh yeah, Okay, well, well maybe there is a certain pack that coaches live by and it's, it is a sign of respect not to run the score up. That ain't it. We running it up. Look, I'm running my offense. Right. I'm not been, I'm not just finna with 10 minutes to go in the game and we're up 21, we're up 28 points.


I'm not just fitting to run the ball into the line of scrimmage. 3 3, 3 straight downs. I'm gonna call my offense. You call your defense. I wanna know this. How did we get this 21 point lead? Were we running the score then? Because we started at zero two. What's, what's your responsibility? And to keep me from running up a team. Hey JC, were you on that defense that helped them get that, let them get that 21 point lead A a young bull nice with it too. I hate the fact, no disrespect. I hate the fact that he's on the Panthers. 'cause if he was on any other team, I think you would be able to see how good JC Horn really is.


Really is. I don't like the fact that he's over there. He's so technical. Oh Joe, everybody can't be on great team. Dang I don. I know what you mean, dog. He's, he's so, and and man to man. He's so technically sound dog. So smooth and transitioning hit. But that, that's, that's, that's beside the point. But hey Panthers, it is just, it is just right now just bad. All, all around, all around. And I know Dave Pel. I know, I know. He got a, he got a short, everybody he got, he got a short lease with everybody. Boy, he got a short lease with everybody. Yeah. Hey, that's not my job to keep the score down. That's your coach's job to keep the score down. My job is to run it up.


Your job is to keep it down. So you want me to coach your team and mine Ocho let's jump right into it. The Cowboys woes lose again. 49 ERs beat the Cowboys woes 30 to 24 needing a touchdown to take the lead. Dallas goes four out, four straight Incompletions and and they lose 30 to 24. If you can't beat the 49 ERs, Deebo ends up going out. Yeah. Jennings was already out. IU is out is out. McCaffrey is out. If you can't beat them with the limited offensive weapons that they have, yeah.


I don't know when you're gonna be able to beat them. Because we know if they had a full arsenal, they probably win by 20. They probably win by three Touchdowns. They might have put a 40 tonight. They might have put 45 points. Listen, I really, I I thought the Cowboys woes coming off a bi-week. I thought it would've been a better showing for them offensively, defensively. They still can't stop the run. So I'm not sure what they did on the bi-week. No, Dak can't Dak you can't turn the ball over. Dak didn't play well. He didn't play well. I know at the end of the game it might look like from a statistical standpoint that Dak played well as far as the yard that CD Lamb was able to get. I, I don't, I hate to call it garbage time, but it is garbage time. It was because the 49 ERs basically playing damn near pre prevent defense that basically Yes.


They, they, they stopped playing defense. And I don don't know what they need to do. It's, it's, it's, it's getting scary for them. 'cause everybody else in that division is playing. Well the commanders, it's amazing with getting the quarterback and do it for a franchise in such a short up of time. Yeah. That fast. They look good. The Eagles playing. Well I, I'm, I'm not sure what the, what I, I'm curious what Jerry's gonna say. Now I'm curious. He can't say nothing 'cause he put this roster together. You remember he why you wanted us to pat him on the back Ocho for the roster that he done. Everybody's here. Either I, either I I had selected him or it was, it came across my desk. You put that roster That those defensive lineman that didn't run through like Sherman went through Atlanta.


That's You and did, didn't he say 36 attempts? Oh Joe. Hey look, 36 attempts. 223 yards. Two touchdowns. That's nasty work. Huh? That's nasty work. But didn't Jerry say as a GM and the owner, there's nobody else that is better suited to do the job than him though. Right? That's what he said. But a lot Don't care who tell it? I'm, I'm just making sure. Listen, I I was and I I picked the 40. No, it's, no, it's funny. I picked the Cowboys woes win. I picked the Cowboys woes to win simply because the 49 ERs were, were depleted. Some of the weapons were out. Yeah, Jennings was out. Brendan, I was out. I wasn't sure if Diva was gonna play. And I He played, but then he ended up leaving.


But it was towards the end of the game though. It was towards the end of the game. So he plead, played the vocal Game, but they needed him on that. They lead him on that last drive. The, the drive before they ended up going, you know, had to punch the ball. That's when you need a de That's when you need a quality guy. Somebody that you can count on was like, okay, you know what? Yeah I can, he can make plays. I know I can go give him the ball, but I like, you know what I like, I like the way Purdy played in the second half. Yeah. I thought he left a lot of plays on the field in the first half. He threw, had a third down. He threw it behind Deebo. He had an end cut that was wide open. He had to dig and he threw the check down the kittle. I'm like, bro, Conley is not gonna get any more open than what he was on that dig right on that dig.


We call it end, whatever you wanna call it. He's never gonna get even any more open than what he was on that route. He wasn't sure about himself. And that's really one of the first times that I've seen Purdy unsure about himself himself. He had Deebo on the shallow cross. He threw it behind him. Ain't no telling what de you Can't read. It's hard to reach back and grab that. It's hard to reach back and grab that. Oh, so you talking, you and I understand that the casual fan at home, the people at home that never caught passes. Oh, it touched your hands. You should catch it. Stop. Stop. Foolish. That's foolishness. You talking the people that played, you got 12 plus years in NFL. I got 14. We got a bunch of pro Bowls. We got a bunch of all pros. We got over a thou, we got over seven, 1500 catches between the two of us.


So I think we know what we're talking about. We were saying that's one of the hardest catches you running full speed that way you try to open your hips to get your hips around and the ball. It's hard. It's a hard catch to Make. Even though he did miss him, he did miss some throws. What he did do very well is extend plays. He plays, yeah. With his legs. He jumped On him and making plays off script using his legs. And you don't really see Purdy as, as one that is as a, as a dual threat quarterback. But he, he did really well at extending plays and running for running for first downs when there was really nothing open. When the pocket broke down, him being able to escape. He did that very, very well. Tonight Every American deserves the right to fair housing.


And Kamala Harris is working to make that right. Realized by a sa she learned firsthand how hard it is to work toward the dream of having a home. As California's attorney General Kamala Harris took on the big banks in Wall Street and now she's looking to give first time home buyers $25,000 for a down payment this November vote for the leader looking out for your home. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president. If your team didn't win, if your team won today, say football all your life. Say yeah. Yes, yes, cheer.


But if your team didn't win, If your team lost by more than 10 points. And if you do, and the only way you're allowed to speak, if you are on a podcast, if your team lost by more than 10, I don't wanna hear nothing. And the eagles got lucky today, but we ain't get to that. We'll get that in a minute. Boy. They beat the boy. They mo wap y'all at home. Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Ain't no Molly Wap. That was garbage time points. Now Ain't no garbage time. You know how you know how to get garbage time. 'cause they said, Hey, let's clean up the garbage. 'cause that's what was on the field. We played against garbage. Y'all trash ocho. I know you don't want Ocho, that's your team and you should ride with him. But I told you, your defense, your defense suck and then your offense suck.


Yeah. Look, Whoa, listen, the, for us, this for the, for us this year, the defense has been es he, it it is been our Achilles. He I'm I'm gonna be honest, You do realize that y'all got beat by the Patriots. Yeah. That so what were the excuse of that one? That's, that's week one. You know, week one is a to up. Okay. Week one is a toss up. You got starters that didn't play any games in the preseason. So it's depending on, on how well you run your off offense. What you That's most of the starters. That's most of the starters on the team. Yeah. Who plays in the preseason. Right? Right. That's why it says a toss over on who wins a game. Whoever execute, whoever executes their game playing the most and makes the least errors most of the time when it comes to week one game, that's who wins until the all the rhythm.


Now, right now, week seven, you heard me on Yeah, they, well y'all, we heading in the week. This was week eight. What they call this week eight s Week Eight, huh? A seven. Yeah. Week eight. But listen, now our offense don't really get rolling until you get to about week four. You don't think so? Oh, it is week. It's you and week eight. Yeah. So you Early in the season. Oh, okay. So when your defense get, okay, if, if your offense get rolling about week four when your defense kick in, Hey, hey, defense is read and react, baby read it. Okay. When y'all gonna react? They, they been trying to, can Y'all read? I mean, what what they need?


What y'all, y'all can you, can you read or need it in braille? I mean, what is it? Because something going on with the beagles, I don know what's going on with the beagles man. Hey, I I don don't know unc man. I'm, I'm, I'm hurt man. And I got, I got fans, everybody talking about they wanna fire Zack Taylor. They, they, they saying the play, the play calling is, is, is. Oh, now it's the play call. Yeah. I mean I, no, I'm just, I'm just, I'm, I'm telling you what I'm hearing from the fans. Yeah. They're blaming the coaching. They're blaming coaching staff. But listen, when you come into a game with a game plan, it's up to the players to execute the exit the nose that, that's all it come down to. That's all it come down to. It don't matter who's calling it, it, it don't matter who's calling it.


He called those same plays. Now, when y'all was winning it, y'all didn't say nothing about that. You see how fickle fans are. That's why if you listen to 'em, you'll be up there with 'em In the stands. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Somebody, Players, coaches listen to the fans and pretty soon you would join 'em up in, up in there. Somebody, somebody, somebody sent me, somebody sent me a, a meme or a gif that had Bill Belichick and a Bengals hoodie as a coach with the sleeves cut off With cheap ass Paul Brown. I, I mean, excuse me. Not Paul. Mike. Mike. That was the dad. I mean, Mike Brown. We Spent a little money in the off season. Huh? We, we we we spend a little money.


Yeah. Very little. I mean, look, y'all spent most of the money last year. Yeah. When y'all resigned, Joe, you got O Brown. You got O Brown Jr. So y'all spend a, but you know who y'all really miss? Jesse base the third. Oh, That's a good one. He bawling in Atlanta. He cutting fool in Atlanta. He balling, he cutting the Fool. He is balling Ocho The Pats come from behind to beat the New York jet. 25, 22, 22. Excuse me. They begin the season with Super Bowl aspirations and now their playoff dreams are starting to solely, slowly fade, fade away, fade two and six with a five game losing streak, heavily favored the jet Jets came unravel in every possible way, falling to oh and three under Jeff Obert on the Woody Johnson decision to fire Roberts after only five games, clearly has backfired.


Pat Devon Gau, is it gaucho on Aaron Rogers? I think he's struggling right now. Just a hall of Fame quarterback like that. I hate to see him go out that way. He definitely don't look the same ish. I can run him down and catch him. Wow. Wow. Now you remember Ocho we had this conversation. I say you bring a guy like Aaron Rogers. I say you are hoping that the defense is exactly what they are, if not better. You are hoping the guy that you're getting is what he was. Where he was at at least, at least a little bit before you Got it. At least a little bit of what he was. You not gonna, You tell me Aaron Rogers look like Eric at what part?


Yeah, he could make a throw here or there, but not nearly enough his deep. If that defense don't hold a team to 12 points, they not winning. They're not winning. Now I wanna know what the excuse is now because the last four weeks he has to play better. Right? He say listen, You know what happens ocho when you start to get old, you know what you need to do, but You just can't. Can it, your body can't do it no more. The mind is willing, the body just ain't, you Won't register. I need to play better. I need to play better. And what you can do, like when you young, you bro, you can rattle off big game after big game after big game.


As you start the age, they get farther and farther. Right in between, you have one good game, week fi, week one, and then it might be week 4, 5, 6 before you have another one. And then it's week 10 before you have another one. Anybody out there tell me Aaron Rogers look like, tell me that you've ever seen Aaron Rogers look like he looks right now. But when I tried to tell you he was 40 when I tried to tell you he was coming off from Achilles's injury. Oh you hating. He still got no four MVPs. Okay. He got those four MVPs. How he looking? Yeah, it's rough. And you know what funny, the the funny thing about it is we talk about Aaron Rogers not looking like the Aaron Rogers we're used to seeing, especially when he was at Green Bay. If Aaron Rogers is playing as bad as he is now, then that mean the people around him have to play that much, Have to play better that much.


That's what happened. To hide the handicap or the weakness. That is that, I mean that, that, thank you just playing right now As you get older at ocho, as you get older as a human, what do you need to get by people to help you more? Maybe you need people to come in and help you prepare your meal, help you to get dressed, help you to drive as an athlete. You need more talent around you. You need better receivers. You need a better running game. You need an offensive line to protect you. You need a defense that can stand on their head. But he has a receivers. Huh? We got Devonte Adams, we have Gary Wilson, we have Alan Lazar.


You have a superstar a a star running back in Brice Hall. There, there, there, there should be, there should be no excuses at this point. There should be no reason why the Jets are Okay. So what's the so what it is you, you gave me? Okay. You got Garrett Wilson, you got Devonte Adam, you got Bree Hall. You got Allen. So what's the excuse? Well, don don't Know. don don't know the I don't know the problem. No, it's gotta be something now you just told me Chad, y'all hurt. Ocho said it. He said they got better weapons than what they had for Zach Wilson. I know, that's what OCHO told me. They said if we get a quarterback we gonna be fine. You just rattle off Gary Wilson. You just rattle off Devonte Adams. You just rattle off Bree Hall. You just rattle off Allen.


Now I need to know what's the problem if he has all those weapons. I don I don. But everyone I. Don you got this. You know what, it's lemme finish, lemme Finish. In order for Aaron Rogers to play at maximum potential Garrett Wilson, Devonte Adams, Andree Hall have to be that much better. They, they just have to be that much better to overdo. I thought That's why they brought him in there. I thought he they brought him in there to make them better. Yeah, he did. Now because okay, we blame, okay. We blame Robert Sala. He lost his job. Yeah, Nathaniel Hackett got demoted. Yeah. Okay. You just told me, ain't nobody gonna say Rogers.


Everybody says solo. Yeah, everybody said a a Hackett. We got Deonte. You traded and got Devonte. You got a a a a offensive player of the year. And, and, and Garrett Wilson, I mean rookie of the year. Ain't nobody gonna say the, ain't nobody gonna say the offense. I said, I said, I said the quarterback was the problem anyway. I said The owner Rush the quarterbacks name. Oh yeah, Rogers. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, I I said that already. I was just saying I I said Aaron Rogers was the problem. That's why I said everyone else has to play that much better if he's not playing well, everybody else gotta be on point. Today's a most electric touchdown player of the day came from none other than Jayden Daniels. Daniels connected with Noah Brown on a temp pass, a 52 yard Hail Mary with no time left.


I understand they said it was 52 yards, but he launched at about 70 because if you go back and look at the replay, look how far he was behind the line of scrimmage. So he threw that ball somewhere between 60 and 70 yards. Tyreek Stevenson. This is what he te this is what he tweeted to Chicago and my teammates. I apologize for my lack of awareness and focus. The game isn't over until zeros hit the clock. Can't take anything for granted. No. Take it and prove it will happen. Bear down. No, no, no bro. You up there celebrate. You don't expect, you know, you don't expect nothing like that to happen. If you are, Why not?


Tell me why not? If you throwing, did we not just see Aaron Rogers hold up just two weeks ago we saw Aaron Rogers do what don't you Hail Mary. Oh, so you don't expect Hail Mary to happen? Have it? Has what happened in that game? Have that ever happened? This happened before. Can I, can I say something? What the number one rule? Yes. For dvs or safeties on the Hail Mary To bat the ball. What? Down. Bat the ball. Down. Stop trying to catch the interception. Bat the ball down. If you don't, if you don't try to get the interception and be selfish just to get the goddamn stat and you bat the ball down, the game is over. How about you do your responsibility and that there was gonna be plenty of time for you to do that to the crowd.


Do you see him still looking? His guy Noah Brown, the guy that caught it? Yeah. That's unfortunate. That's unfortunate. I mean, I mean, I'm just trying to figure out, I'm so unlucky. You know what the, you know the No Itil Lucky what Hail Mary is in Luck is what happened when prep luck is what happened when preparation meets opportunity. Do you pr have you ever practiced the Hail Mary in practice? Yeah. Maybe once. Yes. Yes. You practice it every week. So when it happens, preparation, you prepare for it, the opportunity presents itself.


You go for it. No, he had one job to do, sir. So lemme ask you a question. So tell me the time that you have a period in which you get to celebrate and you try to chuff it up with the crowd. Let me let tell the fans in cl in Cincinnati, did y'all have a period like that? Okay guys, the game is on. The game is almost over. I want you to turn to the stands and try to get into it with the crowd. Let me know that play. What period is that with y'all have? Nah, It ain't, it ain't none. It ain't none. Just a little, little, little little pre premature. Prema Premature. And guess what it cost him? It got him a game. Now think about that. He never gonna live that down. Everybody gonna know him for that play. How does he live that down Ocho?


He can't, you can't shoot that. That's, that's on, that's on. That's gonna be on highlights for years to come. Damn man. I feel I I feel bad for young bull man. He was I know hype boy. Yeah. Lemme ask you a question in that, in that celebration he was doing to the sidelines, do you think he was ever as hyped as the commanders were when they walked it off? That was dope. That was dope for, for, for a play like the Hail Mary to be such a small percentage play as far as success rate is concerned.


I was, I was surprised. I was surprised it happened. I was surprised it happened. I was like, yeah. Oh, okay. Nothing surprised me on the football field. Yeah, I Know you right. Lemme ask you question after you saw what happened in Super Bowl with Malcolm Butler, why you surprised by anything if you play this game long enough Ocho you've seen strange things happen. Yeah. Unfortunate The prepared Armon said luck is what they call it.


Ali had one job to do. I just wanna know what the job, the description that caused him that that said this is what we want you to do. Right. We want you to make it about you because it about him. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You got that? Yeah. Y'all thought y'all had it. Y'all thought y'all had it. Did y'all? And then when the play going on, he still wasn't busting his ass. Yeah. Watch the replay and if we gonna talk about it again tomorrow. 'cause I want you to watch the replay and I want you to tell me, do you think he was busting his butt to get over there because he got over there and laid, guess what he did? Ocho He was the one that tipped it. Mm. He hit the ball.


If he was in position, he'd have been in position to do this, this. But he wasn't in position. He did that. He swatted the ball. Noah Brown said thank you. You see what happens? You lose more Ocho teams lose more games than they win. Yeah. The Bears lost this game. They did Because all it takes is one, one guy wasn't doing his job and it cost 52.


Damn. Don't cuss call Gus don't cuss down. Right? Do Ocho Ocho lemme ask you a question. Is the celebration any less jubilant if it happens five seconds later? Yeah, he Could. He he, he could've waited. That's why I said it. It was premature. Premature. Wait till the clock hit zero. When the clock hit zero. Talk all the trash to the fans you want because I know they've been hacking you all game anyway. Yes, the greatest trash talk is the win. Yeah. That's the greatest trash talk.


Don't Joe. It It is. But Had Moham had Muhammad Ali not been able to do, nobody would've remembered anything. What he was saying it was because he was winning Mayweather. Y'all remember when Conor McGregor was knocking folks out and he had all that great trash talking? Tell me the last time y'all remember he said something meaningful that y'all can go back and talk to. 'cause he'd been getting his ass kicked. Nobody cares. Nobody cares. Now you getting beat, all those cliches and those one-liners, he was as great a trash talker as there was. Yeah, but he was knocking folks out. Yeah. Now he getting carried. Don't nobody remember what he said from the press conference.


Winning is the greatest trash talk ever created. We would've not remember what Joe name was saying had he not guaranteed had they lost that game. How many times? How many somebody? Because how many times did somebody say, I guarantee you, and it didn't happen? We forget about that. But we remember that guarantee because they won. They, Hey, remember, Let it be a lesson. Let it be a lesson. Young man hate that you put yourself in that situation, but let it be a ocho a wise man will learn from others' mistakes.


A fool will learn from his own. Let this be, I hate that you had to learn this lesson. I hate it that you had to learn this lesson through your own mistake. Right. Every American deserves the right to fair housing. And Kamala Harris is working to make that right realized by a saw. She learned firsthand how hard it is to work toward the dream of having a home. As California's attorney General Kamala Harris took on the big banks in Wall Street and now she's looking to give first time home buyers. $25,000 for a down payment this November vote for the leader looking out for your home. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message paid For by Harris for president.


The Browns upset the Ravens 29 24 with Jamon Winston starting his first game, filling in for a injured Deshaun Watson. The Browns offense looked completely different. The Browns scored 29 points. It's the first time they've reached 20 points this season. And the offense had a rhythm, it had a flow to it that hasn't been present. He led a game-winning drive in his first start since 2022. And the Browns toughest matchup to date, they delivered limiting Lamar Jackson to 28 3 23 of 38 passing and repeatedly slamming the door on third down Ocho I I have a question. At some point in time we gotta stop what, what we saw Joe Flacco in the same offense.


We see Jamus Winston in the same offense at some point in time. Ocho, we they done blame Stefanki talking about he calling this, this is what we know. This is for facts. Yeah. This offense looks better with Joe Flacco and Jamus Winston than it ever has with Deshaun Watt. That's period point blame. Exactly. And now I would get ready to ask you, listen, I'm, I'm watching the game myself and for the life of me, I can't figure out these are the same plays, same receivers, same running back, same defense. When Joe Flacco came in, obviously some of the players might have Yeah. But today the offense look completely different.


Jam had a 300 yard game. 3 34 in his first game. 3 34 in the first game. How the hell three. I'm trying to think. It's the fancy call in different plays because it's a different quarterback. The playbook change. I'm, I'm, I'm confused At some point in time, Ocho, we got the call that it is what it is. We've, we've seen, we the common denominator, the offense doesn't look good with one. Right. The off offense looks exponentially better with two, what is the common denominator? There are three quarterbacks that play in this offense. Right? One, two of them, the offense has a rhythm. It flows, they throw for 300 yards.


The other, it doesn't look good. And he doesn't throw for 300 yards. That's that Ain't that ain't weird to you? No, because I see what it's, you see it too and it's okay. That doesn't mean I don't listen. I, I like Deshaun as a football player. I really don't know the man off the field. Right? And so I know everybody talking about the allegations and all this and all that. I'm talking about the football player for just, that's what I wanna focus on. I'm not here, first of all, I'm not here to re-talk about his case and you're not qualified either. I wanna talk about football player.


Deshaun hasn't looked good since he's been in Cleveland. And all I know is when two guys come in the offense, that same offense, that offense looked exponentially better, Different. Now you know what's gonna now watch, watch The Brown's gonna mess around and going a goddamn run. The Brown's gonna mess around and go on a goddamn run. You come out and play like that. Do you know what that does for the team? You know what that does for the players in that locker room? Man, did you hear Jamis Winson quote after the we call the Eminem. Yeah. Man dog. He is the most, he's the most the most Man jam.


Talking about a play for the play for the name on the helmet. They ain't got no decal on the helmet. Hey, he's unintentionally funny. don don't and he'd be dead serious though. I To the Ravens. I didn't like the way that I didn't like this. Hold on. You only had 21 rush attempts. You only gave the ball to Derrick Henry 11 times. Yeah. You gave the ball to Derrick Henry 11. So they had 21 rush attempts and you let Lamar Jackson throw the ball 38 times. Oh show you don't think that's upside down.


Think about what you just said. They gave the, they gave Derrick ney the times. Wait 11, 12 times. How many yards did he have? 73. He's averaging 6.6 yards of carry. Could I interest you in that? Remember the game against Cincinnati? Yeah. When he had l when he had, when he had 11 carries and then they gave him the ball to twice in overtime and He took them to the promised Land. They got up outta there. Yeah, they went, they went away from it. They went, they, they went away from the game plan. They went away from what has been working. Why they did that? I have no idea. I have no idea. That's what I don't get. You, you have the recipe. If you notice KFC don't change their recipe.


Right. Popeye's. Don't change their recipe. Why? Because it works. Yeah. No, you should, you should have said Church of Chicken. But I I I'm with you. Well, I hadn't had, I hadn't had either long time so I could just, because when you think about it, KFC, the original recipe. Yeah. It's under lock and key. Okay. Popeye's, the Cajun whatever, whatever they use it. But I'm saying they've maintained that. The Ravens, you have the recipe on that five game winning streak that you went on. What did you do? I don't know. You ran the ball. I said I hep see Ocho It sometimes it, it gets really hard for you to have an honest conversation about the Ravens because people think you're trying to, like I said, look, I think the Ravens will play phenomenal.


But I have concerns about the defense because don don't think the back end is very good. Oh he just trying to sneak this Lamar. That's just another way to go around about saying Lamar can't get it though. Yout You don't like, you don't like Humphrey and Wiggins. Hey, did I say it right? Is it Wiggins? Go back and look at the past D Ash. Where did Ravens past defense rank? I'm going, am I saying Guys, I ain't said KFC was good. I'm saying they haven't changed the recipe. See y'all lose, see y'all get so cr and y. Y'all missed the message. I can tell, I can tell y'all didn't do well in school. Y'all was in the same class K through 12 and didn't never changed homeroom.


I can tell, I can tell. Dead last. The Ravens are dead last in past defense. The Ravens are dead last in past defense. But when I said it, oh that's just the way of you trying to sneak this. Lamar said he can't get it done right? No. Oh, I just wanna know one thing when I said they weren't very good in the back end and now they're dead last in past defense. Y'all think I watched Raven's game? That's it is not a trick question. It's a yes or no. It's not rhetorical either. Damn. I get it Ocho. I get it.


A lot of times if you don't like the message, you won't receive the messenger. You like The messenger? The messenger? Yeah, the messenger bro. I'm just gonna give it to you straight. I don't got no bro, I don't have any gr If anything you would think like, man, just when I told the truth, the one thing I honestly say about the Broncos, when I told told the truth about the Broncos and what was going on, that was it. But I get it. I get it. I get it bro. I, my job is to like watch the games and give you an honest assessment from a guy that played the game, that studied the game. That's it. I'm not Yes, yes, the touchdowns. Hey I like touchdowns.


We gonna talk about the commanders that last play and the guy bull jiving. You see Ocho you see where they got him? Nah, he got, he gotta apologize. There ain't enough apologies. But back to the Ravens Ocho Derrick Henry is averaging 129 yards a game. Go back and look at his last three to four games. He probably averaging 1 75 and you give him 11 carries. Well you know what? That's that, that's on, that's on Todd Monkin. That, that, that's, that's on him. That that's, that's that's on the play calling something made them divert away from the wrong game. don don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. But I don know one thing.


The goddamn browns look good. Goddamn. James wins Winston under the center today. I know that. Yeah. Ocho we had this conversation. Joe Flacco look good under the Center. They went on the run that You asked me the question. Oh man, what's going on? Why, why Deshaun can't do what Joe Flacco do it. Now you asking me why can't Deshaun do what Jam Winston do it. When I envisioned Deshaun, I'm thinking of Deshaun Watson. That was in Houston. The d Deshaun Watson that didn't have any of the weapons that he has now at his disposal but still was a top. He had a year. I think he had two years. He had a one year or two years with with hop. No, hop was gone already.


Huh? Hop was gone. He had a hell of a season when hop wasn't even there. Go go, go ahead. I think Har I think Hop, he played a year with Hop. Yeah, I'm saying he even had a better season once Hop left the Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But I'm like, well damn. So I'm, I'm thinking that's the Deshaun we gonna get and it just, it just hasn't been that since he, since he gotta to Cleveland. I think it's, and I think it is uphill though. You heard me? It's uphill, huh? With who? Yeah, it's uphill. It's up. It's it's gone. It's shot, it's shot. That, that confidence is shock. Well, how you play quarterback position, Listen so many things, so many things going on off the field.


So many things going on, on, on the field and Or it can wear you, it can, it can weigh you down. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna say that he doesn't have a heavy burden of ish. That's on his mind and a lot of times. But here's the thing, Ocho is that what really great athletes can do is compartmentalized Yes. And be able to ship. Yeah. I'm on the field. The most important thing is this game. I'll deal with wife, girlfriend, significant other. I'll deal with crises, family, whatever the case may be, I'll deal with that at the appropriate time. But what I must do right now, right, is focus lock it in.


Yeah. But that's hard. And that's what you have to do. All the greats, all the really greats. You know what Can compartmentalize. It's hard to do as easy as you, as you sit there and say it. Everybody can't do that. Huh? Sometimes, sometimes what's going on off the field, it creeps into your work. Sometimes you bring it to work. And I think that's the, that's that's been the issue. I just, I just, I just wish it's gonna be studied because it's gonna be a 30 for 30 on what? Somebody's gonna do a documentary on this, on DeShaw. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Because we've never, we've never, we've never seen, we've never seen an athlete so high and have suffered precipitous drop.


We've never, we've never, especially now look, he's had the okay he towards what is Achilles, I think he to the key leaves. But this drop started before injury. So we can't contribute it to an injury. It's, I just hate it. Yeah, well they look good now. So we'll see what Jamis does. So It's gonna be very interesting to see if they can keep it going. But Ocho the, the, the formula is the run more than you pass. You got, hi, you got King Henry?


Yeah. Ocho, look at the games, how they been winning. They been blowing teams out. The man has been running. Wow. And you give him elevens 11. I don't know what they, Oh Joe. They had 21 Carries as a team when normally the Ravens are 30, 35, 40 carry team. What did they have? Go back and look at the Ravens. What did they have against Tampa? What did they have? Many carries they have against Dallas. Right. I get it. If you, when you fall behind, I think they fell behind two scores of Cincinnati. But they fell behind because you know, they, they, they throwing the ball Dilly ding around.


Right. And who, who the Ravens got next. They had 30 curves against Tampa. How many have against Dallas? They had had to have 35 40 against Dallas. 'cause they ran the ball for damn near 275 yards. But that recipe look I understand. Look Lamar's an MVP. Yeah, we know he could throw the ball but I think if it, what are you trying to do? You trying to prove a point that Lamar can throw the ball or you trying to win a championship?


The Volume Because they are not mutually exclusive. Ocho Yeah, They're not President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message paid for By Harris for President


Hey. there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America s number one podcast network. Iheart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.