
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at drafting sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, there he is. We got the guy in the chat. What it do miss Man, we're unbelievable. Nah, thank you for coming on. We understand that you're very, very busy. So talk to us tonight. You getting ready to hype up? They got a big event that's happening in 25 WrestleMania. It's gonna be bigger 'cause they seem to get bigger and bigger and better and better every single year. So talk to us about it. Yeah. WrestleMania 41 tickets are on sale tomorrow for April 19th and 20th. Allegiant Stadium, Las Vegas. We're taking it over. Not only does WWE go to Las Vegas for just WrestleMania, it's literally smack down on Friday and then Saturday is WrestleMania Sunday's, WrestleMania two nights.


And then Monday's Raw. Not only do we have that, we have NXT stand and deliver WWE Hall of Fame WE World, which is very interactive. The Super Bowl was in Las Vegas last year. We saw that platform and what it did and what kind of party that scene knows how to do. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And WrestleMania said, you know what? Super Bowl can do it. We can do it twice. Oh yeah. So it's gonna be something special. It's gonna be something to remember and you're not gonna wanna miss it. Yeah, Most definitely. Listen, miss you and I, we had our little interaction, you know, little qua a few years ago, but the mis character has always been larger than life. Everything you do, the way you carry yourself, your aura, your energy has always been larger than life.


How much of that is real and how much of it is, is, is performance. A lot of it's performance, to be honest. Like, my kids don't look at me and go, you know, actually, you know what was weird? Yeah. My my daughter unfortunately broke her ankle and she had me like sign her, her cast. And I was like, what? Do you want me to sign it? Do you want me to sign it Daddy or Mike? Right. And she was like, the mid, and I'm like, my daughter, I like, my daughter doesn't really watch right? She's, she's six. You know what I mean? Right. So she doesn't, she understands the lights. I'll let her watch the entrances or if I actually win. 'cause she only likes it if I win. Right.


So it's, it's interesting to see them start to get into it. And then my other daughter was like, saw my action figures and she like wanted them and I was like, oh, she doesn't want Barbies, she wants daddy action figures. And I was like, this is amazing. Right. So my daughter was wrestling myself with two action figures. Right. It's pretty incredible. It's dope. So at home I would say that my wife, my daughters don't really look at me as the Miz, but once I get out there, once I hear my entrance music, you guys know how it is. Yes. When you're on the football field, it's the same way. Oh yeah. You turn it on, you're 100%, you're locked in, you're loaded, you're focused on what the job is at hand. And my job in the middle of the ring is to entertain an audience.


Right. To make sure an audience has a moment that will stand the test of time that they will remember for the rest of their life. Right. That 20 years from, from right now when they're watching that moment that they go with their, maybe their mom or their dad or whoever they're going, remember that time we had that moment where the Miz locked eyes on me and he started yelling at me right out in the crowd and I started yelling at him back. Remember that? Yeah. Like that's, those are the little things that you can do can to make sure that people have the moment that they sh i, I feel like they should deserve. Right. How special is it? Well, like when you guys were on the football field, don't you think you turned on like a character? Oh yeah. Like almost Oh yeah. It's, there's something more to it than just, you know, Chad, you know, He was ocho how special is it Yeah.


For your kid, your daughters to be old enough to know what you do. And they, they kind of appreciate it because your daughter says, I don't want you to sign it as daddy. I don't want you to decide as Mike, I, I want you to sign it as the m and your other older. She is your older is the daughter older, the other one that liked the pick the action figures. She, she's, no, she's younger. She's a year younger, so they're five and six. Okay. But just, but to see and to know what Daddy does that has to have a special place in your heart because your kids are old enough to know what you do. It does. It, it when, whenever like my song will come on. Like say if we're in the, in, in the car and then my, I'm on shuffle and my song comes on, she goes, daddy's song.


I'm like, yeah, that's my entrance music. Yeah. It's mine. It is it, there's something about like your daughter's, I don't know, not necessarily like, I guess looking up to you and you know, you're, you're their their role model. Right. You're the person that they look at as a man and how you treat my wife, how I treat other people. They're gonna emulate that. Right. And so it's nice to, like, like today I had a, I had media all day, but I made sure that I had time to go. We had a teacher's conference and you know, I had to make sure that I wanted to be there. 'cause I wanna ask questions. I wanna know what my daughter's like in school. You know, she, she doesn't really like to tell me like after school I'm like, you know, what was your favorite part of the day?


What was the most fun thing you had? And they don't wanna talk about anything. So I just let it be until they're ready to tell me. Right. So to hear a teacher say that she's so helpful. She is amazing. She, she's learning well, she, and it's, and to hear it received and one time, you know, a girl was looking for a pink pen. She had no idea. Maddie didn't even talk. She just went and got the pink pen and gave it to the girl. It was the sweetest thing. I was like, that's my girl. Right. That's my girl. I'm doing something right. Yeah. Because as a dad, you never know if you're doing it right, you, you always, to be honest, I always feel like I'm doing it wrong. Right. I always sit there and go, man, am I, I like This Kid's life up. Like, oh, I didn't mean to, I didn't, I didn't mean to to to use my big boy voice.


But you were, you were kind of just digging and digging and I was like, no, stop it. Yeah, please. Oh My God. But you do know this Miss. But you try not to do that Miss. You're the first man that your daughters will ever love. There'll be some after you, but you'll be the first. It's, It's crazy, huh? Yeah. It's, it's, It really is. It's something like when, when, when I first, when they first were born, I, it, it's like a new piece of your heart opens up. Like everyone always says like, you know, you don't Know what it's like until you have kids. You don't know what it's like until you have kids. And it's so true. Yeah. Because you could sit there and say, no, I get it. I get it. It's like, no, you don't, like, if you're not watching them constantly, they will do something that will hurt, harm them.


Yes. And you have to keep an eye on them at all times. And then everything you do, they will emulate. So if you're rude to someone or if you're mean to someone, they're gonna, they're gonna pick that up. Yep. So you, you kind of watch and check yourself at all times. Great old Joe. Now, I don't think they should watch my character in WWE because the business very egotistical, arrogant, and a little cocky, if you will. Yeah, yeah. Matter of fact, speaking of your character, listen, you've played both the face and you've played the heel throughout your career. Now I'm, I'm curious to know, being that you've done both, which role do you prefer and why are you kidding me? What do you guys, I mean, what would you guys rather be a good guy? Smiling and shaking hands and kissing babies, signing autographs or the big bad heel.


Listen, the bad guy that walks in, that's the villain. I was the, I was always the villain and I enjoyed it. and more fun. I, I embraced that role of being the villain. You know, not being like always being the bad boy, being the bad guy. I enjoyed it. But for the most of the part when it comes to wrestling, what do you think is better? I didn't look at you as the villain by the way. I looked at you as the star when I saw you on Hard Knock and saying, child, please. I was like, star. Right. That guy. Bonafide star. Right. Right. Okay. When you're cutting and dicing people up and making touchdown catches star. Okay. I don't see a bad guy. I don't see a villain and I don't see a villain in myself. The audience sees a villain, ah, and they can see all the villain that they want.


But I always look at myself as the hero, as the person that is to triumph. I'm the ultimate underdog. I'm, I'm six foot nothing. I'm 200 nothing pound from Parma, Ohio. I should not be a WWE superstar and one of the most decorated WWE superstars. But here I sit the first ever two time Grand Slam champion in WE history. Not Hogan, not Austin. Yeah. Not rock the Miss talk. So talking. Yeah. I guess I like being the bad guy even though I don't consider myself the bad guy. So how, how, when will you, when, when will they release the lineup or when will you know who's gonna be on the card? At WrestleMania, We always start releasing lineups more towards the Royal Rumble.


Okay. And that's usually around January, February. We usually our tickets go on sale. Everyone knows that every WrestleMania is bigger than the next, last year was the biggest WrestleMania ever. I believe there's 145,000 in attendance both nights and the most watched WrestleMania ever. I think in my opinion, it was the best main event WrestleMania ever seeing Jo, seeing Cody Rhodes win the WWE championship, finishing his story, the story that his the late great Dusty Rhodes was, was never ever to get the title he's never ever to get his family. Finally. Got it. It was a beautiful story.


And Cody's been doing a tremendous job. We have tons of huge superstars now. Like I, it feels like, I don't know if you guys remember this, but for me the attitude era was everything. Yeah. You know, growing up in high, in high school Austin Rock. Yeah. That degeneration X it was awesome. Everyone always talked about it. Right. And I've been in WW for 20 years and I didn't get to experience that. This feels the way the energy is in the locker room, the way the energy is out in the crowd, it feels like a new day attitude era. And I'm having a blast with it because it feels like, as we call it, everyone's over, which meaning every time a person walks out, they get a huge reaction.


I mean, you know how it is. Some teams get like crickets, like the Carolina Panthers are getting crickets right now. They can't even get people in the building. Like nobody wants to watch them. Right. So there are superstars or have been superstars that would walk out. Maybe people didn't know them really well, people didn't like them and didn't, didn't even care. It's like, ah, bathroom break. Now there are so many superstars that we call quote unquote over that. It, it's, it's very hard to get on a WrestleMania card. Right, right. And so you ask who will be on the card? We know this, this, it will be John Cena's last WrestleMania. Yeah. And this isn't like, like Motley Cruz saying, this is our last final tour, and then a year later they're doing another stadium tour.


Right. This is when John Cena says something, you better believe it. And John Cena has been a staple in WWE e for a very long time. He has been world champion almost. I think he's second in number of times he's held the title and he is the poster child. And he is, and he is the example that you want to be as a wwe e superstar. He's a person that's first on the list to do all the media first on the, he's number one in Make a Wishes. He is. And he literally is the hardest worker dedicated Amazing in the ring. Amazing. On the mic. And even our, our fans would critique him at times and be like, oh, Cena's overrated, Cena's overrated.


I've been in the ring with him. There's no one better, there's a reason we call him the goat and superstars call him the goat. Right. You headlined your first WrestleMania against John Cena. What was that moment like? Because you headlining WrestleMania, that is your Super Bowl. It doesn't get any bigger in wrestling than WrestleMania. And you are headlining against what many believe is the greatest wrestler of all time in John Cena And in that moment. So I was the WWE E champion. John Cena was the fighting baby face. Right. And then the rock comes in for the first time ever, like has like in, in like nine years, hasn't been seen in WE hasn't talked about WWE.


And when I become WWE champion and I get the headline, WrestleMania the Rock comes in and he's feuding with John Cena. Now these are two huge mega stars Yes. That have had time to really be the biggest they possibly can as a superstar. And then there's me who's trying to get up to that level. Like, I needed time, I needed effort, I got the WWE e championship. But luckily, like I felt my promo skills and my ability to gain heat really exemplified what that main event could be and was. And it was, it was incredible. And I beat John Cena. So yeah. Like I'm putting my name in the hat as a person that would love to face John Cena at WrestleMania in Las Vegas because I'm one and oh in main events against John Cena at WrestleMania.


Hey, that's Now Will that happen? I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. Hey, Listen, when you, when you think about all you've accomplished, when you think about all the Rock has accomplished, you think about all that John Cena has accomplished, what would you say to the young wrestlers or the entertainers who are looking to make a name for themselves and do in following the, in the, in the, in the footsteps in the past that you three have done? What do, what do you tell the young rappers and entertainers? The best advice I've ever gotten was from a superstar named Billy Kidman. And it was interesting. So I saw him at a party in LA and I was in up and coming, like, I was in the independent wrestling circuit, which is like the, the double A of like the minor leagues fall.


That's what it is. It's the minor leagues. Right, right. And so I was training and trying to become a superstar, and I went up to him, I said, D what's your best advice? And his, his advice was, stick with it. And it sounds so easy, right? And I, and when I said, stick with it, he goes, yeah, it's, it's, it's, think about it, think about all the things that can take you away from becoming a WE superstar relationships, money area. You know, all these different things are all in your mind and they play tricks on you. You know, when you're sitting there and you're in these minor leagues. And by the, at that time, I was on the real world and I was doing challenges. And so I was like on TV and I felt like, and then I was also doing that.


I was doing improv classes, acting classes. I was like, why isn't WWE taking me? I don't understand. If they're not gonna take me now, then when are they? Maybe they'll never will. Maybe I'm not big enough. Maybe, maybe I need to, to grow my muscles. So I got a nutritionist, I got, I had I, I had a, a trainer. And it, it just enough, everything I did doesn't feel, didn't feel like enough, didn't feel like enough until, and so there's so many ways, like you're just gonna go, you know what, maybe I find another avenue. Maybe I, maybe I find a different, a different job or a different thing or something takes you away from your passion, from your love. So stick with it was the best advice I've ever gotten. That. And then for, for younger, like kids, when they come up to me, I wanna be a superstar.


I always tell 'em, find a character. Find a character that you think can relate to an audience, that can re an audience can react to. And then also start cutting promos. And I don't care what you cut promos on, go in the mirror and start cutting promos on yourself when you're stuck in traffic. And you know, if you're a kid and you're in the backseat and mom's up there, you can start cutting, cutting promos on people in traffic, you know, on anything. And everyone, so I always say practice, practice, practice, because I'm a, I'm a person of habit.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Being from Parel, Ohio. What Do you guys tell, what do you guys tell like NFL rookies coming in. Go ahead. Ocho Discipline, you gotta be disciplined. Everything you just said, it all comes down to discipline. Obviously the same concept of sticking with it, but you don't have no choice but to stick with it as a rookie in order to, once you get in that door, the process of trying to be great at something, it starts all over. It starts all over. You're starting from scratch, you Know, is it with wind receivers? Is it, is it speed that, that they fail or not knowing that the, the the, that the plays or is it not being able to cut? Listen, it's a, what is it that, that if a first rounder, I remember Cory Coleman was a first rounder for Cleveland Browns.


I was like, oh, got one. Yeah. The next year he was gone. And I was like, how does this happen? Listen How the transition, The browns of all people. Yeah. The transition is very difficult. The transition is very difficult even regardless of where you go from a first rounder to a eighth round and there's an expectation for you. And to, to those expectations are very difficult because once you make it to the next level, you're part of the 1%. When you're part of the 1%, everybody is good, everybody's good. You know. So What did you do? Like, so you were in, in the wide receiver room, obviously, what did you do that separated you from everyone else? And obviously there's god-given talent, right? Yeah. But also I feel like there's something more right? That both of you did that everyone else wouldn't or couldn't do.


Well is that, is that safe to say? Yes. Yeah. In, in, in a, in a, in a sense, I think for me that, that there was God-given talent, but there was hard work, a lot, a lot of hard work that I also put in that was overshadowed by the fun and the antics and the celebrations. And that was okay. So you, you obviously me able to be able to pull some of the stuff off that I did, the extracurricular activities, I had to work my ass off to be able to pull it off to talk and be able to walk it every Sunday for a decade straight. And then obviously when it came to my route running, that was what I was known for. So I I I, when it comes to receivers, you have to have one niche. You have to have one niche that makes you special and separate you from everybody else.


So my niche was my footwork and my ability to run routes to run very, very fast and stop on a dime and be able to transition and accelerate in less than two steps. And that, that, that was always my thing. Yeah. I think the thing is, is what I tell them is I said never re never mistake habit for hard work. Mm. Because people sometimes think because you do something over and over, you are working hard. And so never mistake those two because they were two separate things. And the analogy that I like to use, I say, you see people go to the gym for 10, 15 years and their body never changes. They're going to the gym outta habit because they're not hardworking. Because we know, we've seen the transition that when you work hard, working hard doesn't guarantee you anything.


But without it, you got no chance. And I also tell 'em, there's no balance between greatness. There's no balance in greatness because either you want to be great or you don't because you're gonna have to sacrifice something mid. You gotta sacrifice something. You write down your goals on one side and then you write down what you're willing to sacrifice in order to reach those goals on the side. Nice. And if you're not willing, if you're not willing to sacrifice to reach those goals, so whose fault is that? That's, that's yours. And the OCHO said, you know, you got to be willing in other, in order to do what others can't, you have to be willing to do what others won't or can't. Right. That's how you become that because you have to be, be be willing to do something to set yourself apart.


OCHO said, yeah, I had God given ability, but Ocho worked on that. He worked on his footwork, he worked on being able to transition to get in and outta breaks, therefore he became the player that he became. But a lot of people just think, like Ocho said, you are at the 1%, but everybody's good. Everybody got talent. Every God bless everybody at that next level. I mean, you talk about an 8 billion people, that 1500 people that do what we do. So you've got to set yourself apart in order to stay, to get, not only to get there. That's, that's, that's the start of the journey. People think that's the end of the journey. Once they make a professional sport, make it to the wwe. That's the start of it. That's the easy part is getting there.


The hardest part is staying, You know what the hardest part was? Hardest being WWE Champion and trying to get it back again. Yes. That was like when you reach the top of the mountain Right. And you feel like you're untouchable. And then literally the next few years I got a reality check of like, oh, oh, I, I have to elevate everyone else around me as well. And people just don't elevate me. I need to learn how to elevate everyone else around me. Yeah. So now it's, it's a whole nother responsibility that I had no idea I needed to have. And you're like, oh, oh, okay. I guess I wasn't prepared for that. And now you gotta, and it's always learning.


Like even at 44 years old, 20 years in the business, I'm still learning and I'm learning from the younger guys as well, because some of them are very fast, very, very agile, can, can do certain things and maybe they don't know where the particular place is to place those things to get the biggest reaction from the crowd. And so that's where my knowledge can come in. But they, they keep me going like, I'm like, Ooh, I can, I can keep up with this kid. I can keep up with this kid. Like there's, there's some people, some new talent coming into WE that I look at and I go, man, I can't wait to wrestle this guy. Right. Man. You mentioned the Browns. So you are a Browns fan. What do you think about the big Browns fan? What do you think about the Browns this season?


You know, I started off with going on Rich Eisen show and saying we're gonna be undefeated the entire year and we're going to the Super Bowl and we're gonna win. And the first game in, I texted Rich and I go, yeah, I was a little off on that because they have not, they just haven't looked like a team. They just, they, there's something off about them. And I'm hoping, and I don't know if, I'm hoping that Chubb coming back last game, he got the rust off. And I really feel that Chubb is the heart of that, the heartbeat of that offense and everything goes through Chubb. And so with the defense that they have, which I think they have amazing cornerbacks very good.


They have very good miles. Garrett one of the greatest ever in defensive players ever, in my opinion. And then you get shoved back in there, I think they can start making a run. And I went on Eisen today and I said that we're gonna go undefeated from now on. So that's the type of Browns fan you have right here. I am always De Huh? Optimistic, Positively optimistic. Well if you ever leave the Browns, you can go join the Cowboy fans. 'cause they're delusional like you are. If you think y'all gonna go undefeated and win the Super Bowl, What happened to the Cowboys? They just don't have a running back. Is that what it is? It's a lot of things. Not a running back. They're not very good on either side of the ball. I think the thing is, if if they weren't the Cowboys, we'd like, oh, okay.


They're a bad team. But because of, because they're the cowboys, we kinda make excuses for 'em for why they're bad instead of just saying they are bad. Yeah. Alright. Who's a good team? Like a solid team? The Ravens, the Lions. Yeah. The Chiefs. Chiefs. You know what's weird? Mahomes hasn't even played like everyone's been saying. He hasn't played that well. No he hasn't. But they're undefeated. He hasn't. Yes. Is That a culture that they can play? Like, okay, like Travis, Travis hasn't been blowing people out of the water either. And they just win. They have a So is That a culture? Is that what the Browns are missing? They have an outstanding defense and they have a quarterback that when he has to make a play and he has to play good in a particular drive, he does every time.


So he picks his, he picks the best moments to play his best football. We absolutely gotta have a drive. He'll go get a drive together, they'll go to touchdown to take the lead or they'll get him, he go rank How many we actually think are out there right now that are like that, that can do that. Maybe not at a Patrick Mahomes level, but at least like I I can work with this, this guy can do it. Lamar Coly Lamar. Yes. Lamar Jackson. If I had to take, I would take Lamar behind Patrick Mahomes. Right. And then I would probably take, right now this year, I would take Jerry Goff next, then I would take Josh Allen. Those would probably be right now if I had to take someone.


What do you think the Jets' problem is? They're depending on a guy that is not what he wants was, and they pinned all their hopes. See he has to be great in order for them to win. Right? Yeah. Because they were counting on him, like their defense is gonna hold people to 10 points, 13 points. But what happens when they don't? And so they can't consistently put drive together and he's turning the ball over at a rate that we've never seen Aaron Rogers turn the ball over. It Hit Wilson on the literally chest, like one of his, I mean I was like, how does that even his fault? Like Yeah. It's so interesting. Football, it's like, it's like inches like today it's like Thursday night game.


I mean, I literally watched Donald get a face mask. Yes. And they Taken down and there's no foul and then the game's over and I went, no, we have a vintage 0.2 seconds left. They can go down. Like I'm not even A-A-A-A-A Vikings fan, but I was ready for a two minute like drill. Right. And see they can actually make a comeback. And he was standing right there. The ref was literally three feet away. Yeah. How do you miss that? You Can't, you can't. But he did. He did. I mean obviously he was gonna get, you know, they get judged just like, you know, obviously when you are wrestling you get scouted, you get judged. I'm sure the, the official that the WWE say, oh well miss you probably should have done this when you did that and so forth and so on.


So officials get judged and if they get judged, obviously you wanna make the playoffs and potentially make the Super Bowl. But if you make too many of those egregious calls, you're not gonna be in the NFL for long. I don't think cups getting traded either anymore. You can't trade 'em. They're three and four. They're one game out. See there's been talk all week. I said Pittsburgh's being excited. Yep. I said the same thing earlier. I I think if they, if they went to two and if they went to what, two and five or something like that. Yeah. Then the train would, it would've, it would've still been on Even though that's like Stanford's best friend. Yeah. It is. Business. Business. Oh yeah. Yeah. They got, I mean mean The Jets literally brought everyone from Yeah. Green Bay for, for Aaron. You know, and they can't keep Stafford's great wide receiver.


Nah. The money, the cost, they don't care nothing about no best friends. Not in that situation. Now you do things if you want to get a player, obviously they wanted Aaron and so, you know, they signed Lazar, they signed, you know, they went and got Randall Cobb also. Then you see they traded for Devonte Tay Adams. But in this situation they're like, nah. And I still believe if somebody comes along with a high enough draft pick OCHO and I was discussing this earlier, Miz. Yeah. I think if somebody comes along with a high enough draft pick, I I still think they move it Move cup. Yeah. Yeah. Second round. Well they, I heard they wanted a third, fourth, third. So, so now you're thinking if they someone comes and says we'll give you a third, you think they would do it?


Yeah. Or you think it's gotta be a second? Yeah. Third they would Do it on a third. No way. Yeah. Yeah. That's Cooper Cup. Yeah. But he got a big pro. And the thing is that they want a, a high draft pick and the team, you know, they gonna want to, they, they gonna want somebody to take the entire salary. They don't wanna pay any. Is the third round draft pick really that high anymore with the NIL? Like everyone's staying in college. Nah. NIL don't pay the kind of money that the NFL pay. Remember Kala Williams, his dad talking about, well he might stay in college, they ain't done got no $40 million NIL deals. Well me man, thank you for joining us. Congratulations on everything that you ca that you've accomplished. Good luck. Hopefully we see you at WrestleMania.


It's gonna be in Vegas this year. So hopefully Ocho and I get a chance to go check it out. I look for, I've never been to a WrestleMania. You guys have an open invite. Please come down. We'll guys, we'll see you guys. Thank you guys very much for having me on the show. I appreciate it. Appreciate You bro. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you Guys. Man that was great. We had, we had Busta Rhymes on Bus Busta and the, the men's man, that's unbelievable man. It's it's great to, it's great ocho to talk to people outside of kind of what we do. You know, we we're, you know, we're football players and we love talking to football players, but when we get busted, that's in the music and that's, that's, you know, in the, in the hip hop culture rap, we get mes that's in WWE or we get a, a basketball player, we get our next, next week we're gonna have Griffey on 'cause we gonna talk a little bit of the World Series.


So we gonna have Griff, we gonna have Griffey Jr. On. And so, you know, the thing that we try to do Ocho we try to give you obviously we, we we talk sports, but we're not as versed in baseball as Griffey will be. So he can tell us the things that we should look for, what's transpiring, why the Yankees are up, why the Dodgers are up, why the, you know, the series is tied because I don't know if we've had a World Series, I can't remember the last time that we had a world that we had what we had the two best players in the game, right? That's Faith each other. You got Shhe, you got Aaron Judge, Aaron Ju you got Soto, you got Mookie Bets, you got Freddie Freeman, you got Garrett Cole. You, you got two iconic historic franchises.


Giancarlo Yeah, Dan. Yeah. So it, it doesn't, it doesn't, it doesn't really get any better than this That, yeah. So it would, you know, probably like when, when the Celtics were playing and you had Bird and Magic faced each other, you had the two best players and the two most iconic franchises going head to head. Right. And so that's what, that's what we're asking for. That's what we ask for. So it's always great to talk to people outside of the, the, the sport of football. Hold On, I'm plugging my charge up because my, my computer going dead. Alright. Cowboys kicker. Brandon Aubrey missed Ed on Wednesday with an unprecedented injury report designation. Jury duty Aubrey is serving on a 12 person jury in a felony assault case in Tarrant County, Texas.


The Cowboys reportedly tried to get Aubrey excused, but he insisted on doing it. Ocho have you ever had a teammate miss practice or game due to jury duty? I have not because normally they get out of it because of, you know, you who you are being, everybody has a civic duty to, to do that. But normally a lot of times they, they'll excuse the person from jury duty because they're so high profile now, you know, obviously there have been high profile people to serve on jury duty, but a lot of times what they, the team, they'll hire someone, hire an attorney to go down there and speak on the player's behalf and the court, the, the court system will normally allow them to like, okay, you are off, you are off this.


But you know, he obviously he wanted to do it. He wanted to be a part of, he wanted to be a part of a jury that, that of this felony of assault case. Which is, you know, I I, like I said I haven't, I've never had a teammate to miss practice or miss a game. 'cause like I said, normally team hires an attorney, they go down there and speak on the player's behalf and the player gets off jury duty. So Have you Ocho ever had a teammate to miss practice or a game because of jury duty? Oh, absolutely not. Absolutely not. That, that has never happened. You know, during, during, obviously during my tenure in, in the NFL, nothing to that magnitude. Anytime players have missed practice, it's been because of personal reasons with family.


Yeah. Birth of a child. Yeah. But that's, that's pretty much it. I've never had anybody actually miss a game in general, you know, during my time. But you know, it's always been a family emergency, death in the family or someone having a child. And it was always during the week when that happened. Never. Never on a game day.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Ocho Deandre Hopkins kept it real during his first press conference. As the chief, I haven't played meaningful football in a couple years. What are your expectations? D hop for the remaining of the season. Oh man, hop hop hop finna eat man hop Finn the juju, the juju the juju that we just saw. Yeah. Last week, week before last, before he got hurt, they had 120, 30 yards. That is what's going to happen with Dhop. Dhop catch everything under the sun. Dhop can catch everything under the sun. And with the creativity and the scheming that Andy Reed does with that offense and putting players in position to make plays to continue to move the ball up and down the field. Right. And Mahomes accuracy and it's going, it's it's gonna get ugly.


It's gonna get ugly. And we're going to see the Deandre Hopkins of Old, we're gonna see flashes of what he was able to do in Arizona. We're gonna see flashes of what he was able to do. He was in Houston and he is gonna put everybody on notice and let 'em know regardless of his age, he can still play ball if put in the right situation. And he's given the opportunities to make those plays. Brock Purdy says he doesn't call Audibles at the line of scrimmage. He said the answer to what the defense may present is already built into the play. That that is true. Okay. Now, now when he, when he says it like that, that is true. So whatever the set is, based on what the defense does, there's always an open man. Huh? There's always an open man on every single play.


But that's a testament to, to Brock Purdy and knowing what the defense is running and what he sees pre-Snap and what they do post snapp I and knowing the ball and knowing where the ball has to go. Now that's, that's, that's a lot you gotta work on. Most of the time when you come out the huddle, you got two plays anyway. Right. You got two plays anyway. And based on what you see in front of you, you gotta make a check. Sometimes you hit your helmet like this, you gotta make a check. There have, there has to be a check, right? What do you mean you don't hit audibles? You have to audible. Well, I agree with you, but I think sometimes I think if, because he was a Mr. Relevant, it's hard for me to see now as he gets a little older, I think they'll allow him to check at the line of scrimmage.


Right. Oh, I see what you mean. You don't think he has the freedom to do so yet? No, No, Whatever, whatever they call you just gotta stay with it. Okay. Okay. That's understandable too. Or He's telling, or when he goes to his helmet to do this right here. Yeah, that's the audible. Yeah. That's why I said why are you saying the, but I've seen you do it countless times. Right? Listen, if you got a run call a you gotta run call, play in the defense that they have presenting knowing you can't run the ball, what's the first thing you do? You checking up out of it to whatever the second play is. You call it audible. Alright, don't, yo, now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It is time for q and a.


Hey. Hey. That's crazy. Hey, you know, you know I got a, I got a, what we call it, what I done went from, I done went from Miami to Philly film Wednesday, went from Philly Wednesday to Houston yesterday for my daughter's coronation and went from Houston to today to do the Ram Viking game. I'm on the red eye night. I'm on the red outta night to do the MLS game in, in whatchamacallit. Matter of fact, you know what I, I forgot, I forgot, I forgot to say that. I forgot to talk about that too. Well, nicer. Did we Ocho check this out Nicer. Said hello Shannon Ocho Ocho please reconsider pulling up on bus to rhyme.


You don't know what you're getting yourself into. Ash wanted me to pass along. She just gave your number to bust to rhyme. So, Oh, that, that, that's good 'cause I'm my red eye. My flight is at my, my flight is at 1 30, 1 30 in the morning back to Miami. So I'm from the pull up on bus. Bus. Don't know me. We know each, he know me very well. He doesn't know the lyricist that I am. He's never seen that side of me. So I'm gonna surprise him when he see that side of me. And you know, he, he finna get his, he finna get his work. Danny Littlejohn said sharp Ocho. Why doesn't the Steelers get the respect they deserve? They're tied with the ravens for first place in the a FC North Ocho. Why don't the Steelers get the respect they deserve?


I mean, I think, I think they gonna, they gonna, I think they do get the respect. They do. They, they do get the respect they deserve. But I think all the noise and all the noise and the talk about the Steelers has always been the quarterback controversy. Yes. You know, the, the, the, the quarterback carousel, that's where all the attention has been going on. Obviously the Ravens, they started, they started very slow at Owen two and it went on a goddamn tear since then game. And it looked like the best team in the NFL. Yep. And so I think as Russell Wilson continues to, to look and do what he did last week, then I think the tension to the Steelers will transition from the quarterback, the quarterback to hello.


They're second in the a FC north. And that's probably when the conversation will change and they will get the credit they deserve. I agree. Billy Skywalker Ocho you were more comfortable outside 'cause you knew Ray Lewis was on the inside. I like that. I like, I like where you went with that. What, what you don't, what you fear to realize is all my catches were in the inside. I just didn't prefer lining up in there. I preferred coming in there from the outside in. You see, you see, you see where I went with that? Yeah. Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Dominique gr Hey uncle, I've always wanted to know your opinion on John Mobley back in the day. Mo was great. Mo didn't look, he didn't have the name of some of those bigger, those, those other linebackers that played in his era.


But he was sound, he could, he could play the pass. Obviously he was great against the run. He was, hey Grindy showed up, did what he was supposed to do. Mo was great. I loved playing, I loved being his teammate. He was, he was, I think he was, he made all pro one year, had over 150 tackles. Mo Mo John, John. John was a good player. He was a very good player. Ed Edgar Rojas said great show tonight. UNC Ocho thank you. Thank you to the guest, his team tonight as well. Can you please wish my brother Jose happy birthday. It's his 32nd birthday. He's a massive fan. My question is, what's your favorite Halloween candy? Well, my favorite Halloween candy. Damn joint candy corn. That's some bullshit. That's whack. Lemme go ahead. Let's wish Jose, Jose, Julia, a happy 32nd birthday, Jose Junior, your brother Edgar wanted to wish you a very happy birthday, happy 32nd birthday from the Nightcap, unc and Ocho.


Hopefully you had a great birthday today or if it's tomorrow, hopefully you with family and friends celebrating doing something great. So Jose Junior, happy 32nd birthday. My Favorite, happy 32nd. I'm just, I'll do the little bite-sized Snickers. I'll do Reese's Cup, I'll do Almond Joy. Anything except that, that, that, that wax, that candle wax, which is Candy, corn and damn Liquory. Are you tripping? What? Candy Corn. The real deal. I bet you, I bet you eat black liquor Rashon. No, hell No. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I love, I love me some candy corn. Boy. No, that's whack.


There ain't never candle wax melted down and watches to get the candle stick. A wick ain't stick a wick. Hey, nah, hell no. Who eat candy corn? Nobody but old people and kids. Ain't nobody in between eating no damn candy Corn. You gotta be, be between the ages of 18 months and six years old to eat candy corn. Or you gotta be 72 to 105. I've been eating candy corn since 1983. Boss every, every Halloween I look, I look forward to it. Alberto Guapo. Yo, uncle Ocho. Who are y'all favorite wrestlers growing up? My HBKY two J Ray Mysterio.


Jeff Hardy. My bad. Y'all already got these questions. I've been in and out man. I grew up with old school. I, I look, I don't really know. I mean, I, I know a little bit about the WWE e guys now obviously, you know, I, I I knew the rock wrestle and I know Roman Rain and I know Cody Rose and Cena obviously Miss, but I grew up way, way back when wrestling was regional Georgia Championship wrestling. You had Mid-Atlantic, you had Florida. You had, I grew up with that. So I grew up with the old, the old old guys. The Dusty Rhodes, the Bobo Brazils, the Ox Bakers Sergeant Slaughter, van Von Raki, Sergeant Slaughter. Yeah. Man, I grew up Mr.


Rasing one and two, Andre de Jack Crusher Blackwell, I grew up Ricky, steam all, all those guys. Ocho that's what Gordon Soley, who's the greatest host ever. It's not even close. Right. My, my, my, my favorite Wrestl is during my tenure or my day, obviously hacksaw Jim Duggan. Yep. Jimmy Super Flash Snooker. Yep. The o Ultimate warrior that, I mean that, that's, that's three off the top of the head. I could go with Andre Dere and Hulk Hogan. You know the Yeah. The names that everybody knows. But those three were, were, were, were those, those three were three of my favorites. Yeah. See, I, I'm going back, I go back with Mr. Fuji Tall Tanaka.


Oh, I'm Man Pac song Master Band look here. Junkyard Dog. I used to love I to Junkyard Dog. Yeah. You know, like I said, AOX Baker with the Heart Punch. Yeah, man. Well man, we, Hey, my grandpa used to drag us all around. We went to Vid Baxley all the shows. We used to go to Savannah because they all came to the Civic Center in Savannah, Georgia. And then, like I said, wrestling wasn't big like it is now. So they came to the little local, I mean, you see like some of like Andre De Giant and you see some of your favorite wrestlers in Baxley, Georgia. Vidalia. They come to the Civic center of Savannah. So, but my grandfather was a big wrestling fan. My brother and I, we were big wrestling fans. We try to move on each other.


It, it was great. But I I, I love, I love, I love I loved wrestling. I don't watch it as much. Not well, I don't have time. I don't really watch ish now because I got so, so I'm so busy Ocho now we got five days a week. I got two shows a night camp. I mean, first take a week and I'm still taping one to two shows a week with Club Shehe. Matter of fact, I'm tripping. I forgot, I forgot to tell these people about tomorrow. What about tomorrow? That's why the, the reason I even gotta take a red eye and get up outta here tonight because I gotta, I gotta do the broadcast tomorrow off a messy first playoff appearance. Yeah, ma. Matter of fact, everybody, everybody in the chat, listen. Yeah, I, I I promise I'm not gonna get emotional.


I know I'm always on here crying and stuff, man. But I wanna thank all of you. Obviously I wanna thank everyone at Apple for giving me this opportunity and giving me this chance. On, on with the, with this, this, this gig being my my 57th, 11th job, as you know, tomorrow October 25th is the MLS cup playoffs, the start of it. Messy, you know, ar arguably or probably is one of the greatest players to ever play. He's making his first MLS postseason match against Atlanta United tomorrow. And I'll be making an appearance on the broadcast. So I'm making appearance on the broadcast during the game. So listen, this is, it's, it's, it's small steps.


You gotta crawl before you walk.


So with me making a small appearance, hopefully it's turned into bigger appearances down the line. But I need all of you to make sure you download Apple TV and watch, download Apple TV and watch it's free. You know how I am. I, I love free stuff, so it's free. So make sure you watch, watch your boy on the broadcast tomorrow and let me know who you got winning, winning the cup. All right? Tweet me and let me know. Appreciate y'all. And I see y'all tomorrow during the game. Enter Miami versus Atlanta, United.


Okay. G Duran XG Duran X 10 ocho. Did you end up swimming with the orcas? No, no, I haven't swimming with Orcas. It's still on my bucket list in the wild. It's going to happen. I'm not sure when it's gonna happen. There's gonna be some great content that, that we're gonna be able to capture content that we're probably going to to play here on Nightcap. Two things can, two things can happen. I'm gonna have a successful dive in the wild, in the open, free becoming one with Orca or they can turn on me and things don't go well. You Gonna look like a seal And that, that, that's fine. That's fine. And if there's, if there was a way that I would wanna go out and you can tell that story of all the things I've done, and you know what, Chad went out in a way that only he could and that is being eaten and killed by something that he is enthusiastic and passionate about.


And that would be one way to go. I wanna go out doing it to friendly hunting. Hell no, but that didn't say no went out, man. You know He went, he went out the right way. Huh? You Went out the right way. That's a good one. That's a good one. Nah, I don't wanna go out like that man. I don't want my kids to know. Oh, day old man without like that. My sister man. Everybody gonna be embarrassed. Not me though. Oh, Courtney said Shannon. Sharpe, I appreciate you so much, Courtney. I appreciate you man. Thanks for the support. I really appreciate that. That means a lot.


K said what up? 85. Y'all have any haunted house memories? Damn, I ain't been to the haunted house in years, man. Yeah, no matter of fact. And right now in Orlando, you know, they have all Halloween horror nights. I haven't been able to enjoy Halloween Horror Nights because I'm always, you know, on the go during football season. Yeah. And so I haven't been to the haunted house in years and when I was able to go, I, I, I don't even remember. I don't even remember. Just, I'm just being honest, man. But yeah, I, I ain't never been to the haunted house. I I have never been to a haunted house, so. All right guys, thank you for joining us. That concludes our episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. I am your favorite Aunt Johnny Sharp. He's your favorite. 85. He is the bingo ring of Fame honor Reed. Liberty City is on the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, also known as Ocho. Guys, make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Thank you guys for helping us take over the chart. But we need your help to continue this, this run that we're on. Make sure you check out Shay by La Portier. We have it in stock and if we don't have it in a city or a state near you, we can order it. And it's probably gonna take two to five days because we have it in stock depending on where you are ordering it from.


Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84, with 84 being spelled out. The on and ocho ts are back in stock and our newest release drops Friday at 1:00 PM Eastern. So in the next 11 and a half hours, 11 hours and 45 minutes, we're gonna have a drop of new Nightcap merch. Thank you guys for your support thus far, and hopefully you continue to like the products that we put out and you continuous continuously like our show. Again, I am UNC Heath Ocho, we're off until Saturday. We'll see you then. I love y'all. The Volume.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.