
On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start, only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent. What's Up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents.


The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected.


She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore. Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all glitz and glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any other action at Draft King Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evilly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with DraftKings Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only with Jeff Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund,


Man. What do you think about guys staying in college longer because of the NIL? Do you think that BAI don't like that. Yeah, I don't like that. That's that's semi-pro. That's semi-pro. That's all that bitch. Yeah. Right. Like if you actually think about it and break it down, that's semi-pro. Right? And and it's crazy. 'cause three years ago everybody crying about Yeah. Get a athletes. Yeah. Get a college players man. They need to get paid. I'm all with anyone doing anything you love. You can get paid to do it. Do it. I'm with it. Right? Until it hurts the game. When I watch Auburn play, it felt like, it felt like, and they ended up losing. But in the beginning of the game, it felt like grown man going against teenagers.


Right? Neither. Right. And it and and and like, And I was a kid that had to go through college. 18, 19-year-old. We all know who Steph Curry was in my class. We already know Kevin Durant. He's like all these guys in my class. You in the O six class. You took your class serious. Right? You feel me? How am I still in college cooking and And you in the NBA cooking And we in the same class, right? How y'all older than the OKC? Yeah. And you telling me like, And you want And you and people wonder like, man, it wasn't a lot of buzzer beaters. Yeah. 'cause it's, it's grown and playing now. It ain't a lot of one shining moments.


No more. Remember in college basketball, You know how many 3, 2, 1, somebody shoot from half man this man, this semi-pro, semi-pro man and it's gonna hurt the NBA. That's what it's gonna do. Get out on this one. You being a Chicago native, gimme your top five players to come outta Chicago. Ooh man. Gotta go. D rows. Yeah. D rows. That's one. Gotta go D rows. That's that's off the top. Gotta go D rows. I'm, I'm, I'm kind of different. So I'm gonna go, Hey Unc, I listen, I know a lot of these people, your friends, so what I call Chicago might be kind of different than what people call Chicago.


Okay. You know, because a lot of people might say they from Chicago, unc, but I ain't never seen a motherfucker walk down the street. You feel me? So my Chicago very different than a lot of people in Chicago. So I'm gonna start, I'm gonna start with D Rose, right? Okay. I'm gonna start with, I'm gonna start with Isaiah Thomas. Okay. That's two. Alright. That's two. It was a guy back in the day. I don't know if y'all know his name was Benji Wilson. Ben Benji. Simeon. He's the one who started a lot and he don't get enough credit. I'm putting him in there. Okay. Right now it gets, it gets kind of, it gets kind of funny. Right? It gets kind of funny because you can go Michael Finley, right?


You can go Quinton Richardson. Antoine Walker. You can go right now. But I'm not, I'm gonna go Will Bynum. Wow. Well, what he did in high school was electric. I've never seen anybody. He's probably the best high school player that ever came outta Chicago. Wow. Because he every like 30 something. Didn't he? Yeah. Will by, well he went to Crane. Yeah. I'm talking about I was a kid running up to the school. I'm running up to the school hoping to get in the game. Right. Hoping to get in the game. And then I, I, I gotta go. I gotta go. I gotta give it to him. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta give it to, I gotta give it to, it's tough.


'cause I can go, I can go Anthony Davis, I can go D Wade, I can go, You know, but I'm talking about the Chicago. Chicago. So I go, I go Anthony Davis. I go Anthony Davis. Wow. But my Chicago different though. That's all. You feel me? Like the, the other people that say they're from Chicago, it's, it's a 45 minute, 30, 33 minute drive. You gotta be from the south side of the west side to be con to Chicago. Right. That's all I'm saying. That's all. And I don't, I don't wanna step on nobody toes. 'cause there's a lot of people that say they came outta Chicago, unc, but from the west side of Chicago, only person that I kind of know that went to the NBA is me from Chicago.


Right, Right. I got you. I got you. That's all. I got you. So, so, but if you wanna go other Chicago, I'm gonna go D Wade, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Anthony Davis. I'm gonna go D Rose. I'm gonna go Isaiah Thomas. I'm gonna go Antoine Walker. I'm gonna go those guys. Yeah. Thank you for joining. Hey guys, make sure you go follow Pat Bev and subscribe to his podcast, the Pat, Bev and Ron on YouTube. Make sure you go follow Pat. Bev is on Twitter, which is X. What's your handle on Twitter? Oh no. You know, same thing. Pat Bev 21. Subscribe to the bo pod. Pat Bev pod with bars And I What's your I gmg Pat Be 21.


Pat be 21. Real easy guys. Make sure you go follow this podcast. Pat Bell with Rome on YouTube. Pat fate for joining us, man. We gotta get you back to join us, man. For the playoffs. Come back and join us, bro. Hey. Nah, I I ain't gonna lie. Huh? I gotta I gotta give me some of that, some of that drink And I ain't, I ain't the one that beg, I'm the one that, I'm the one to buy my own. And I tell you what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you a case Gypsy now lemme buy my own first. Lemme me buy my own first. Okay? Yeah. Lemme spend some money. I I'm gonna spend it on Corona. Let me spend it with you. Okay? That's what's up. I promise you, I promise you this is the best. Kanye is the best. VSOP Cognac. You go to Drake, I promise you. Oh, love that. Love that. Appreciate that. Thanks for joining us, man.


Appreciate you game. Appreciate you, brother. All right. Ack, Jack. Give it up for be man. Man, that was amazing. Hey, I enjoyed that man. That was very, very informative, man. Very informative. It's it, You know, for me unc for me unc and You know, you've been around basketball for a very long time And you, you understand the game, the, in the intricacies of it, much, much better than I do. But to hear those that have played the NBA for a long time and hear them break the game down and just talk about the game with such passion and enthusiasm, dog. Yeah, well that's, that's, that's, it's a joy. It's a joy just to sit back and, and, and watch and, and watch Pat's face light up when he talks about certain topics and certain topics and certain things that, that's dope, man.


I really enjoyed that. Yeah. That was unbelievable. Alright, let's transition. Get to some football. Kyle Murray says he wants to run the football more next season. Let's take a listen to what Kyler had to say. Ocho Yeah. I mean, like, the people out there that are like, Kyler doesn't wanna run or he wants to, like, how do you dispel that? Because I, I just look at, it's just part of the offense. Yeah. I, I actually, You know, conversations And I don't wanna get too scheme based about it, but like, I, I do feel like I have to run more next year. You know, I'm, I'm opening to, I'm open to running more next year just because it's such a, it's such a weapon, You know, it's such a weapon. It's, You know, defense is, it's like when I hand the ball off, obviously I hand the ball off to James. So it's not Like, You know, I hand the ball off to Trey.


I hand the, You know, we're a very good, You know, rushing team. Yeah. Which is a great thing. But when Lamar hands the ball off, everybody's like, oh, Like, You know, you take it, you can relax, You know, Josh hands the ball off. Ah. You know what I mean? So I think for us, part of the emphasis going into the next season is conceptually on time. I feel like I'm one of the best in the league. I like that. I too now remember. And I like we had, we had, there was some coach that played that said he didn't wanna run. Now he has said, and he's right, the most dangerous player, the most dangerous is when he has the ball in his hands. Lamar is the most dangerous when he has the ball in his hands.


When you don't know what he's gonna do. You pray he throws it. Right. You pray Josh Allen throws it. You ain't trying to get, you're not trying to get see any of those guys. John Shall is 6, 6 2 50. Right. Lamar Jackson. Oh man. Yeah. Ain't no telling. Listen, I like it. I I like it. 'cause when, when, when you think about what Colin Murray's able to do, I think he's also become a quarterback that he's know, he's, he's a dual threat. You know, you, You know, he can, he can play off script. He can pull the ball down and use his legs. But he's one of those quarterbacks who also wants to throw first. Yeah. You know, he wants to hurt you with his arm first. And then if I have no choice, then I'll use my legs actor.


I think he wants to be seen and viewed in the same light as the Lamar Jacksons, as Josh Allens and the other dual threat quarterbacks around the NFL. I think that he hasn't had the team success that they have, You know, being able to reach, being able to reach the playoffs consistently year in, year out. But I think allowing him to do that more, being able to use his legs a little bit more to help them out offensively would be tremendous. You know, for Arizona. I agree. I agree. Oh yeah. Ohio Senator Bill Demaro, Demi Derah wants to allow public money. Okay, lemme take this back. Wants to not allow public money from going to a professional sports team unless they've had a winning record.


Three of the last five seasons. The Browns are asking for $600 million from the state to build a new stadium. That stadium ain't gonna get it built then. Hey, listen, Jimmy D about their pockets, Hey, Based on what he said is definitely not getting built. Nope. That, that, that's not going to happen. And I think this, this is gonna be a dome too. Huh? It's gonna be a dome, but it's gonna be outdoor stadium still. I don't know why I'm in a situation like that. What you Now you neutralize, what are your greatest strength? Which is the weather. The weather, right? I mean, can you imagine putting a dome in green but putting a, and You know, they was talking about putting a dome in Chicago. Why? I mean, right Now, you, you bring, that's the whole thing.


How you got the name Miles the midway. You bring them, bring them off that lake Michigan. Let that water blow in, let 'em freeze. It's, it's 10 below. It's 15 below. Yeah. Same thing at Lambo. And Yeah. Yeah. I I I got you. I I don't, I don't know. I I don't know. I but You know, at time, especially in today's area, you're putting your own team at a disadvantage. Yes. You putting your own team at a disadvantage. So. Well he must, he wanna make sure he don't make sure. Dang ain, that's no state money going to that. A man made a list of Things Black people take. Seriously. Ocho let's take out this. Let's check out this list. You know, lemme see that. Lemme see that. Lemme see that. Lemme see that.


They about to start taking the class for things black people take seriously. 'cause this list is the must and more. I'm telling you. Because man, the check, if you mess up on the black person's check, I promise you they will become a mathematician. They will carry the one add that, Hey, I forgot one penny. Y'all forgot one penny. Y'all playing with me. That's number one. And who did the body that is the most ultimate black people will say it out loud. You know what I'm saying? Why y'all need grandma like that? Why she look melted? Why did they put her in the oven? Why she on three 50 bake? You know what I'm saying? Turn that heat down. Don't even look like grandma tell you, this is probably when people take off running. Oh, whoa. Oh, whoa. Who running?


Who running? We all, we don't even say a word to nobody Take Off. We just gonna take off. Yeah. And then ask questions later. Ooh. And not calling elders by their first name. There's a lot of people I didn't know they was their first name. I just know 'em as sir, ma'am mom and dad until I was about ninth grade. That's when I was like, oh, that's your name. Ooh. And if you said what you was dying and come back to life again. Yeah. Hey, I like, yeah. Listen, the first one is the most important. The first one is the most important. Obviously that check. But number two for me, his number two was cool. But obviously his number two was, I think, if I'm not mistaken, it was talking about who did the body at the Funeral. That's, that's number three. Know who over there you call somebody. Hey, you get who over there?


Who all over there. We need to know who all over there. Yeah. Because it's a bull job. I ain't going. Yeah, I know. Before that is, if somebody cooking and the first thing you ask, somebody gonna ask every time. Would've been number two for me. Well, who cooking the yams? Well who cooking the greens? David? The back of cheese. You don't body. He looked just like himself. How is he supposed to look like a, I mean, that's him. And that's old at the funeral where old folk go to the funeral, they go to the way and they see the body. That's the first thing they say. Who did the body every time?


Yep. Who made a potato salad? We take off running, drinking and eating after people. Remember I told you that? No choke. Oh yeah. No. Nah. Oh no splitting pole. Hey we, hey, come back. Ride here man. Well, oh, you'll walk back. Ride the pole. You not splitting no pole. Oh yeah. No sign. Split no pole. We walking on the same side. Can't put the Yes. The floor, the purse being Luther, skinny Luther definitely can't get no baby, no haircut before he won. Can't do that. Call the elder by first name. Nah, Mr. Such and such. They couldn't be about that might not be but about five, six years older than you. It's always Mr. Yeah.


Miss. Yes sir. No sir. Yes ma'am. No ma'am. Absolutely. Yep. Can't sweep the tell. Yeah. Being offered a bag after purchase. I Hate when people like, I got like $70 worth of stuff. Would you like a bag? Yeah. No. I'm gonna carry this issue outta my firearms. Yeah. What the hell You think? Hold on, hold on That and not, You know, you go to certain places now to certain stores And you buy clothes on, you gotta pay 10 cents for the bag. Yes. They ask. You want a bag? Well, well obviously I do. 'cause I'm not gonna be able to carry all this stuff out here. Then. What you talking about? Well, that'd be 10 cents. What? And at some stores, Ocho, if you bring your own bags, they won't, they won't bag it.


I said, well Now you go ahead and do that. I don't work here. What the hell you talking about? Right? Yeah, man. Hey. And it's like, well, how much discuss? I said, I don't know. I stand right there. Would you like to get another? Yeah, you could go get it. But I'm not finna walk back over there and get another one. Right. Y'all know if you think I work here, y'all work here. I done did my part. I I came to the counter. But yeah, bro, I I agree with these clothes on the bed. You can't put clothes on the bed. Yeah. Some good ones now. Some good ones. Yeah. Yeah. He last spot over. He, he did a survey, he said with us to find out what we are, what we don't be doing.


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed. Starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code. And we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Alright, Ojo, we'll get you outta here on this one. It's time for our last segment of the evening, guys. It's time for q and a. And you saw, you saw that picture I sent you to your phone? I did. Yeah. Freddy, look, that, that's from Tonight. I guess it gotta be because he in that uniform. You see It? Okay. Yeah. Fred Freddy, Freddy Gibbs, Freddie Gibbs watching Man Salute Man. My brother Freddy Gibb watching the show. He, he sent me, he sent that to me. He told me to send it to you. And, and he said, he said Lincoln in five. All right.


Music Queen said Ocho, I was laid off two weeks ago and still have to spend money to turn, spend some money to tell you to turn your mofo Boost mobile light on. You never turn your Nightcap light on ever. What the F But this is, well, hold on, hold on, hold on. This is, this is the thing right now. Look real quick. You can see it. It looks good. It looks good. It's, it's lit up because my room is all black. So if it still pops, and if I, if I light it, if I turn the light on, then it's gonna distort the lighting. It's not gonna be clear as you can see right Now. You can still see. It says Nightcap. You can see the booth presented by Boost Moog. Very, very clear. That's all. Turn The light on Ocho them people paying us money. Let's come on now. Let's be professional. Turn the light on. Okay. When you get to the new place, if you moving to the new place, let's put the light on. Yeah, Yeah. This, this, this is my last, this is my last night here. Good. Moving forward. Can we put the light on ocho? I don't think that's asking too much. I mean, think about it. You complained about us not having a title sponsor. We get a title sponsor and they ask us could we leave, could we do these signs? Yes. And Now you don't wanna turn the sign on. All right. Well, you, you gonna see. You're gonna be looking funny. It ain't Gonna look funny. Ho Cho. Does mine look funny? Yeah, look bit it looked like ham. Nice man. Cut that side.


Old Aren or says I got, is Russell Wilson on his verge of playing his way out of the Hall of Fame? Or has he done enough that he will make it regardless? He's Not playing. I mean, he's making it regardless. I mean, what he's done in the past, you can't undo that because it's not going, he's not going the way it, it it should be now. No, I think the thing is, look, I don't think Russ is a first ballot that's reserved. Aren Rogers the Mahomes when he retire. I think he, I think he's done enough Ocho he's gonna pro, I don't know, I think he has like over 300 touchdowns. He's probably close, sir, to 50,000 passing yards. Although 50,000 passing yards. It used to be the barometer.


Now you got guys with 60 and 70,000 with, with, with, with Brady. It's gonna be very, very interesting to see Tiffany Williams says, got my meet and greet tickets for Detroit Show. Hope to see y'all all there. Tiffany, you will definitely see us there. Thank you so much for your support and make sure you let us know. Hey, I'm Tiffany. I've talked to you guys on the chat at our Nightcap. Let us know. Thank you Tiffany. We really appreciate that. A six, six foot eight Aquarius crunching much Captain Crunch. Fourth period lunch. Niggas in five Five. That's good Commodity.


Let 'em know it doesn't matter if it's hookah. Na Luca with Hookah or Hawk Tuy. Hey, that's a good one. Hey Scooty. Puff said Quarter Brick, half a brick, a whole brick. Ah, wiggles in five. Kera Norwood Jr. Says, oh, now that the game is over, we have a great chance in the playoffs. And please don't let Kendrick Perkins ever do another Stephen a's list on First Take. Love you guys. I don't know. He left Lakers off. He left Houston off right now. Houston had the second best record.


Lakers have the third best record. And he put, what'd he put up there? He put Golden State. He put the Clippers and he put somebody else over the Lakers. I'm like, man, you high Tony. SG said Uncle Ocho. If you're the GM for the Nuggets, what would be the first couple of things doing to give jokes some help. And do you think the Nuggets, he's a nugget for life still after the coaching change, bro. They just won a championship two years ago. Yeah, that's crazy. I mean, think about it. Nick Nurse Yeah. Won a championship. Gone. Frank Bogle won a championship.


Gone. Mike Malone won a championship. Gone. Mike Boo knows or won a championship. Gone. Who? Ty Lou. What? Yeah. Yeah. He was fired. Ty Lou won, won in 16 and was fired in 18. The Ocho the problem. Yo has another Triple W. He has 10, 12, 10 and 10. Is that because it used to be coaches made more than the players. Now the back, the right, the pendulum has swung. Players make so much more money. They and, and superstar players have always controlled the NBA.


This is not anything new right now. The old guard wanna make it seem like, oh, these young guys getting players fired. It's always been like that. Go back and look. Bill Fitch and Larry Bird. Go back and look at Paul Westfall, Paul West Westhead and Magic Johnson. It's always been like this. Nothing's changed. It's now the power. The players just have more power because they make so much money. Right? A guy making 60 million or a guy making 10 million. You can tell who makes the decisions. You just try to be on his best. You just try to be on his good side. It is what it is.


Damn Shanice Farmer said, my sister And I absolutely love you guys. I'm Ocho and she's, even though we're twins, keep the gr keep doing the great work, great things guys. We support you regardless. Love all Shanice. Thank you very much. Appreciate that. Tell your sister I really like her Sice. I, I'm kind of, I'm so, so on you right now, but you should have put your sister name in there so we could have known who we dealing with. Sice is Team Ocho and her sister is team Up. We love you guys both. Thank you for your support, Vanessa. All love Unc and Ocho, my favorite chocolate duo. Looking forward to seeing you and be more, I'm curious, what value or principle do you hold most dear and and how do you, how do they guide your approach in both business and romantic pursuit?


My ooh, my mo. You know what I do everything. I do everything. Oh, man, me, I'm, I'm trying to make sure I say it the right way. Well, it, it is not great. Oh man. Damn. I had it right on the tip of my tongue. As soon as I had it. I was like, oh, this, this is a good one. You know, we know when things don't work out, but you, but you meant well by everything you do. It's why you don't, why you never feel bad when, why you never feel bad. Because everything you did was with great intention.


Hey, I'm trying to think of that, if that's the right word. That's not the word I'm looking for, but that's something that I always, always, always stood and always stand on, which is where I never feel bad throughout the entirety of my years. Especially when it comes to business and when it comes to, You know, relationships as well, since she added that, added that in there as well. I do everything, everything from the heart and really want nothing in return. Like I, everything is always genuine. Yeah. Always In business. Just be straight up with me. Tell me what it is. If it's this, it's this. If it's not, it's not. That's all I ask.


I don't require a whole lot. I like to be left alone. I'm gonna come in, I'm gonna do my job. If I call you, I really got a problem. Right? If I got a problem, if I got a problem, if I call you, I got a problem. Let's address it. Let's handle it. Let's see The best way to move forward in my relationship. Hey, if you don't wanna be with me, just tell me. Yep. Don't hurt. Hurt. It's gonna hurt. Absolutely. But if you live the long as I have, I promise you, you've been been hurt. You've been heartbroken before. Hey, I'll never forget Now you just, Ooh, that, that was triggering, huh? Oh man. That's true. You Live long enough, you're gonna be heartbroken.


And as I said before, when you don't want to end the relationship and the other person does, it hurts you more than it hurts them. Not to say it doesn't hurt them, because sometimes in order to change it requires hurt. Yeah. But I, I, I got it. Think About it. Ocho shedding the skin is Yeah. As painful. But You know why snakes shed the skin not to change from being a snake to growth. That's why when somebody cross you, you don't allow them a second chance. Yeah. You know, because when a snake sheds its skin, it's not becoming something else. Mm. It's becoming a bigger snake. Mm. Let tell you something Now, Now you are a little different now.


I like that story now. I said it was triggering when, when you said about someone actually leaving you, and it was triggering because it, it brought me back to a story I'll never forget. And I was just telling a friend of mine this story back in, back in 1983, and they always ask Like, You know, osha, when your relationships have ended all this time, how come you were able to move on with such grace and, and not be upset or, or not be sad? And I told, I told 'em, listen, I become numb to this stuff because back in 1983, that was the worst pain I ever felt. Huh? 19, 19 83. I was in elementary school. I would never forget it was a young lady. And I, I told her story before earlier, You know, in a, in a few shows a while back. And her And I were dating And I felt we were in a relationship even in elementary school, 1980, I'll never forget North Beach Elementary.


I had a eight, eight box of Crayola crayons. Eight box. Huh. Every time we sat together And we did coloring. I gave you my red crayon. I let you use my red crayon. So I felt we was together. You told me we was together. New dude named Ted came to our school in the middle of the semester. Obviously it's not a semester because it's only elementary. But he came to our class. Ted had a 64 box of crayon. So she went from using my red crayon to using one of Ted's red crayons because it had multiple shades of the color red in the box.


Well, you Only had a, you only had APAC A a pack. Yeah. You know, it was only one red crayon. Yeah. So he had multiple crayons. And I mean, listen, it's, it is an, it is a testament to how things are today in this world. Because, You know, that girl, I'll never forget her name, her name Tina. And that let me know when she grew up. If I only had $50, if a dude with a hundred dollars came along, she gone the champion, she'll probably leave me. Yeah. You know, so ever since that hurt, I felt back then, I've been numb ever since then. Ever since then. It's tough.


Yeah. Relationships are tough. They're not easy. I think everybody's come to that realization and understand. They're not easy. It takes a lot of sacrifice because it's easier, it's easier to grow, grow apart than it is to grow together. You see, in order to stay in a relationship, you gotta wanna stay in the relationship. Right. And you got to be willing to grow every day because that's a new person. The person that you went to bed with last night is not the person you're gonna wake up with today. No, sir. Sir. Are you, you willing to change or, I mean, 'cause some, 'cause it's, it's the days that you don't ha that you're not your best and they're not at their best. Because that's a lot of times what happens. Ocho they're not at their best.


You're not at their best. You can say, okay, f this, I'm out because it's Easy to quit. The easiest thing you'll never do with no matter what it is, is to give up. That's, that's the easiest way out. It is, is to give up. It's the easiest way. And, and another thing, especially for the chat. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen to me real quick. I y'all probably listen, you might not like the messenger, but my message is always good. You just don't like it coming from me sometimes. Yeah. Nah. I'm, I'm, I got 47 years of experience, You know, doing this. You know. But, but anyway, most of the time when you, when you're going through it with your partner, whoever it may be, and things or things are rocky and, And you don't know what you should do, let 'em go.


Let 'em go. 'cause the only way to see someone's true character, I'm talking about their true character and who you really dealing with, dealing with is by giving them their freedom. And they'll show exactly what they really want to be doing every time. Huh. Give them their freedom. Let 'em go about their business. You know, give 'em, give 'em some time. Give 'em some space. Yeah. Because space will reveal some true character. Now I know what you always telling me. I I I hear what you're telling me all the time, but you actually show Otherwise I hear better than I see. Oh man. Listen, every time I see better than I hear, actually I'm, 'cause what they're telling you Ocho and what you see, yeah.


That message is not a line. Oh yeah. If I Tell, if I, if I tell you I'm gonna come on a certain time And I don't show up. Right. I know what you told me, but when I looked at the clock, that wasn't a time And you didn't show up at all. Come on now. Because at the end of the look at, at the end of the day, the beginning of the day or whatever the, the sunset or whatever the case may be. Yes Sir. If you do not want to be with Shannon, just tell Shannon that. Yeah. Don't do that. Huh? Ain't nobody, ain't nobody finna leave you. Man. Man. But I like, I like, I like honesty. I like being upfront. Just tell me that and I'm okay with it, Huh?


Yeah. For real. Oh, it's happening. It, come on, man. Because here's the thing, a lot of times guys, guys get in a situation and like, oh, that's never happened to me. You're lying. Because if, and the more you invest in something, you see how Luca was emotional because he was invested. The more you invest in anything, it used to break my heart to lose because I was so invested. And a lot of times I would've to go to myself be alone. Right. I would say, Hey, I don't wanna be, I don't, I don't wanna see you tonight. Well, what I just, no. And I would just, like, I would, I would cry and I'd ask, what could I have done?


Why did I not play better? It's the same thing in a relationship. And I replay that because see, the mind replays what the heart can't delete. Mm. And I ask myself, what could I have done differently? What could I have said differently? Why did I have to respond the way I did in this situation? Why couldn't I be more calm? Why couldn't I be more understanding, more empathetic? And as the more things you go through, you start to realize like, okay, Shannon, it wasn't, it wasn't as bad as you thought. You could have handled it a a a million different ways and 999,000 of them would've been Right.


Right. You chose the one that was wrong. It it, it was tough. It's tough. I think the thing for me is that because I've been through so much, because I'm a very private person, people don't see that because I don't live my life. I'm a public figure. I've, I've, I've come to accept that. But I do everything I possibly can to keep as much of my private life private, don't you? Right. So guess what? I can go through things in private. I can grieve in private, I can celebrate in private. I'm okay with that. I can take my wins and my losses In private.


Yeah. I liked it. That was, that was a good one. That was a good one. That was Good if Man, that was good, bro. Shit At Apples cupcake, mama. Good evening guys. Of the public figure. Where do you all go to be fully yourselves with no judgment? If, if your love life was a book, what would the title of last chapter be? Where can I go? The title of my Be My Holy Self? Where can I go? Probably if I'm, if I'm with my, if I'm with my, my brother, my sister, my kids.


But I'm only like that if I'm in the privacy of my own home, because I'm never myself when I'm out in public. Oh, shoot. When I'm with, when I'm with my sister, I'm with my brother, I'm with my kids. I'm, I'm straighten up because I'm, because OCHO is just so hard because I, I feel that every place I go, I'm being recorded. I'm being filmed. And I think you have to do that now. And some things you learn a hard lesson. So for me, right. Nowhere, and I'm okay with that. Ocho I'm okay with that.


Hey, I'm, well, I mean, when I, when I think about it, I'm, I'm, I'm myself. I'm very comfortable. Obviously publicly you And I are completely different. Yeah. Listen, we are on two sitting, two different sides of the spectrums. You know, I'm, I'm a I'm very sociable. I'm a social butterfly, which at Tide has got me in trouble. You know, I'm able to be myself in, in front of crowds. I love large crowds or I can be, You know, be by myself and be alone and be, be with my kids. I'm able to be my, be myself with my kids. Most definitely, I'm able to be myself with whoever it is I'm seeing at that time. Where, where there's a certain level of comfort, You know, with, with, with the, with with said individual.


I'm, I'm, I'm one of the few, is it Vert? Is that what it's called? Extrovert. Extrovert. Introvert. Introvert. Introvert. An introvert. I you an extrovert. You're outgoing. Oh, Actually, yeah. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm talking about period. I mean, people in chat. If you met me before, you already know I'm, I'm, I'm hugging. I'm acting like I known you. 30, 20 years. Ain't never met you. Damn. In my life, I'm, I'm extremely outgoing. Have a huge personality. So for me, ah, man, I'm at, I'm at my happy place, man. All, all the time. Especially, especially with my, I'm The most outgoing introvert you're gonna ever meet. Right. I'm, I understand that, blah, blah, blah.


But ocho when I, when I, yeah. If I'm in a public event Yeah. And I'm talking, I'm going from place to place. Ocho when I get home, it's like I play the game. I'm exhausted. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm spent, yeah. I mean, it's all I can do to take my shoes off, to take my clothes off, to hang them up, put 'em in the laundry. Im exhausted. Yeah. I, and I'm on a plane, Ocho, And I catch people. They're recording me. I'm like, bro. Right. Oh, I'm sorry that OCHO didn't ask me. Is that a problem? I'm like, really? Right. Yeah. Really. If, if you didn't think it was a problem, you would've asked me could I take a picture?


That's not what you did.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save warmer Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code. And we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Melan Kera and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, I play into it. Yeah, I catch you recording me. I'm gonna play into it. I'm gonna walk up on you, tell you, turn the camera around and make a whole video. We gonna make a video together. See, I I I play into stuff like that instead of, I mean, you And I, we, we, nah, we, we handle conflict and some situations completely different. Yeah. But You know, You know, the thing is, I I I think you just, You know, you, I I've learned to accept it that this is a part of it. Now I've learned to accept a lot of things that people are gonna have a i I I'm gonna be the top of a conversation. Yeah. You just deal with it.


Just deal with it. I, I, I know now Ocho what to respond to and what not to respond to. And people want me to respond. They want to get into a verbal back and forth. Right. I'm done with it. Yeah, I'm done with it. Because guess what, Ocho you see that light what's behind us? Yeah. Yes sir. All that stuff that they say about me, it ain't stopped. Not one sponsor. Guess what, Jordan came here and measured. We got another sponsor. We're gonna have a light on for that too. Give us a week. Hey, you gonna send me one? Not if you don't turn it on. Why? I'm gonna send you one. You don't turn that one on Hold alone.


You got to tell me. Hold on, let me, let me know before I do the measurements tomorrow. I'm putting everything up. Hey, this, this apartment is empty. Ain't nothing here. I left this here because I still have my internet. My internet gonna be tomorrow. How much space I need to put between the sponsors so I can, so I can measure Tomorrow. I, I don't know. I mean, Jo George Jordan just measured mine and we'll see how big it is. Hold on. We'll let You know. I I, I need, I need to know how many words are in it so I can have everything. Perfect. I got a big space. You, so I have all the spark. But ho you don't know the space that you're gonna have that you're gonna have the night camp sign up yet. No, I do. It's huge. Huh? You gotta see, you gotta see my new game room, huh? You gonna love it. Hey y'all, you and Ash and Jordan. Y'all gotta come down here and visit. I'm gonna cook for y'all.


Oh no, I'm good. I'm good. And so, hey, telling s the Thing And you, I I, I just learned And I had to learn the hard way going back and forth with people and they got more out of that right. Than I did. So now I just let it go. Yes sir. When you, you let yours go, I'm firing back. You go right. Guess what? Huh? This side at all in, in responses than the advertisers won. They not stopped. Right. They haven't stopped. Yeah. Oh yeah. They ain't gonna never stop. Can't stop. Won't Stop. And, and she's Like, You know what? She's like Shannon. She's like, tell me what it is that they say that gets you in this space.


Say how many, how many advertising sponsors have you lost? I say, none. Anybody told you they weren't gonna sleep with you? Because they said they said this about you. I was like, no. She says, so why the f do you care? I was like, now that I think about it, that's a damn good. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, I I understand that. I understand you absolutely right. Not one sponsor. Yeah. Have left because they said that.


I feel you Women are still very interested. Social. I'm good. Oh, hey, were they in? They still interested still? Yeah. Hey, I, I, I done wave my white flag. Well, I'm off. I'm off, I'm off the market. But hey, I, I still got somebody for you though. I don't, I don't know if you, You know, You know, let me know. I don't wanna be too, You know, too, too forward, too far, You know, on, on the show. But yeah, I got, yeah, I got somebody, You Know, Xavier said Ocho love what y'all do both at the absolute best. Who would win one-on-one game of basketball? Me.


Hold on. Come again. Me. I don't like the fact that you didn't even, you didn't even take time to think about that first. Me. Now you just, you just heard me challenge Pat Beverly. I don't care nothing about that. And you think you gonna beat me? Yeah, I do. I don't think I know I could. And you And I ain't shot a basketball. I probably shot a basketball one time in the last 35 years. Oh, I want you to do me a favor man. Please. Until you see me play. Please look, look at the footage first before you answer. 'cause you answered too fast. Me. That's what I got. I like it. Dr. Frank El Bella. Hey fam Unc, I hope I see Sterling again that Monday after the masters on, after the masters' on Monday.


He'd probably be there. That's, I go, I gotta go to the masters. I'm going to the masters next year. Because You know, the food is still, like when they had it back in the thirties when they first started this, A sandwich is still a dollar 50. They have not raised their prices in all the years. Ojo. Now we can get the rest of the economy, the take off take after the mass. We'll Be all right. But see, when you got those billionaires paid all those dues, you can do that. Right? Can you remember how they, they pulled out because the one year they had the sponsor, I think they, they, they wouldn't let a woman join. And all the advertisers, they said, we don't care.


They said, don't worry about it sponsors. We gonna sh we gonna do it commercial free that your sponsors came back. They're not gonna let you owe them hostage. They got too much money. Estate. Right. And that's Prime real Estate And sponsors understood that. Who we, who are we hurting? We're hurting ourselves. It's like, no. Okay, we going, we gonna go on and do that. Man, that was a great show tonight, Ojo. And we want to thank our Pat Bell. Pat man, appreciate it, bro. You welcome back Anytime. Thank you for adding Insight, a perspective from an NBA player, what it's like in the locker room, the expectation, the play, the style of play.


We greatly, greatly appreciate that UNC and Ocho Nightcap. We gre No, I don't want no pimento sandwich. I hate pimento cheese. That book Yeah, That is is nasty. Nasty. Yeah. You outta your mind. Ain't Nobody Ferment Cheese.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the Nationwide 5G network today.


I'm up. He's Liberty City Legend, the Binger Ringer Fame, auto Arena, pro bowler MA all pro before. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. Thank you. Each and every subscriber, thank you. Each and every person that listens, that downloads, that retweets, that talks about us. We greatly appreciate your support because all this, what you see and all these sponsors and advertisers, And I know y'all see them in every, every show we come on, we have more that goes to show you that the advertisers know the reach that we have and they want to be a part of it because of you.


Yeah. None of this is possible without you. So, and what did Masterpiece say? People gonna try and trick you out your spot. Ocho. Oh yeah. Ginny said the same thing thing. They gonna try to trick you out your spot. Y'all ain't finna trick me out. This right here. Nah, that ain't gonna happen. Please make sure you go check out Shade by La Porter now we have it in stock. If you cannot find it in a city or state near you. Hopefully by the end of the year. We'll be in about 34 states by the end of the year, but right now I think we're in about 18 to 20. Hopefully we're gonna be in 25 probably by June, July, and then another six to seven by the end of the year. So hopefully we are in 30 to plus by the end of the year.


Now, if you are not, if we're not currently in a state that you reside in or we are current not having, if we're not close to a state that you're in, order it right, we'll ship it directly to you. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. That's Shehe Media. Guys, I wanna thank you again from the bottom of our heart, the Webby nominations, Shannon Sharpe, best entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club, sheha Best Creator, influencer Series, Nightcap Best Sports Show, best video series. Best Live podcast recording. That's all because of you guys. We win or lose because of you. I appreciate that.


Yeah, we already know we can't win 'em all because all these other podcasts, they have fans too. But we have four awards already behind us. I've won an iHeart Award. Signal Award, BET, hip Hop a Hop award, hashtag awards. That's because of you guys. I can't do this. Don't matter how good OCHO And I are. If you don't like the product, we don't become successful. So y'all should relish in the success that we've been able to enjoy because it's you that's lifted us up. The link is pinned in our bio. Please go vote for us. Voting ends April 17th. Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Everything is restocked. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited, and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe For Work Tour went on sale a couple of weeks ago. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago, Detroit. We wrap up in Detroit. Tickets can be found on shehe media.com/tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. The link is pinned in the chat. Guest lineup is shaping up real nights. Go get your tickets now. Can't wait to see you guys. Pat Bell, thank you again. Appreciate it. Make sure you check out Pat Bev, the Pat Bell podcast with Rome. Check him out.


You can find him on Twitter. X And I g Pat Bev. Check him out. Guys, thank you guys for joining us. The Lakers Win Clinchers playoff spot. One more win and the the three seed Lakers win 1 12 97. Luca was sensational in his return. Very emotional, but he was able to challenge those emotions and have one of his better games as a Laker 45 points in his return as they win. Thank you for joining us. Again. I'm unc. He's ocho. See you tomorrow night. Goodnight. I love you guys. The Volume


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can't get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today.


The Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Westmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player, Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly, and you'll never know who will drop by to join us.


Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.