
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 Plus tobacco consumers.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


At T-Mobile, our critical mission is providing unparalleled 5G coverage for when connectivity is mission critical. Introducing T Priority America's Best 5G network experience for first responders, even in times of congestion. More capacity, faster speeds, better coverage T priority from T-Mobile built for tomorrow's emergencies. Ready today. Discover more@t-priority.com For qualifying organizations on eligible rate plans. Coverage not available in some areas and may be impacted by emergencies.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sports Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


The Mavs are at risk of forfeiting games if they fall below the minimum. Eight players active required for teams to play. ESPN. Bobby Marks Dallas provided an update on Anthony Davis left abductor strain. Derek Lively ii right ankle stress fracture. Daniel gaffer right knee sprain stating all three are improving. However, there is no timetable on any of their returns. Jayden Hardy, right ankle sprain. Kai Jones Quad haven't played since March 3rd. PJ Washington, right ankle sprain has been out since March 1st. But now it leaves Brandon Williams, Dwight Powell, clay Thompson, Najee Marshall, Caleb, Martin Max, Christie, Spencer Dinwitty, Kessler Edwards as the lone healthy players.


Eight total. Nobody else can get injured, don't you? Nah, they can't, they can't listen. Hey, why would they, why would they penalize the team? Because people are hurt. I I don't, I don't wanna stand Do they think they faking or something? Just to make sure you don't, the same way you talking about why team, why team don't wanna win games, to try to tank and try to get the number one pick to get more ping pong balls. I thought you played the game to win. Well listen, we, we we know they're not doing that The same way, the same way y'all, the same way teams used to put players on IR to hide them because the guys, because if you release them somebody might get 'em. So we put 'em on ir. Right.


Okay Man, You know, anytime there's, anytime, look, people gonna find a way to skirt the system no matter what system is in place. You know what, I got bad credit. I'm gonna put my, I'm gonna put the, I'm gonna put the phone in my kid name. You see, I remember them days 'cause that show had a washer and dryer in my name And I was only two classic OCHO Maverick's owner Patrick Dumont defended the Luca trade. Take a listen Ocho to what he had to say. Yeah, it is So tough. Decisions are never easy and part of leadership is, is looking at risk and looking at all the factors of a decision and being willing to act at that time and look to the long term and not only think about the short term or how it may be, may be received immediately.


But to think about the long-term benefits and what it may allow you to achieve if given all the right considerations, Man, what, what, what, what are you talking about? What are you talking about? No di no disrespect to Pat, no disrespect, but the long-term move was having Luca there. Now if you having issues with what he does off the court, there's a simple conversation that needs to be had. That's all you have to do. Listen, we view you as our long-term plan, a long-term asset, the long-term nucleus for our team going into the future. We wanna build around you because we understand how special you are and what you can do for us. You just got us to the NBA finals last year.


The previous year based on what you can do on the court. Now you let that go with great understanding. Lucas. Lucas ain't just falling from the tree every, every season. They not just, they just not happening. There's really no way you can defend that trade. Now I understand the issues that were happening off the court. Some of the things that didn't, they didn't see fit. That would probably harm him, You know, years down the line. That's a simple conversation. I don't, especially when you wanna invest that kind of money that he was going to make And you probably still gotta make it, it's just gonna happen to be somewhere else. Now you don't let a player of that magnitude go that had that give you that type of production.


You don't. 'cause like you said, like you said as well, when is the last time something like this? Has it ever happened before? There's a, there's a reason why There's certain players you don't let go of. You think every super, super superstar was perfect behind the scenes. You think Kobe didn't have issues despite his dedication and discipline and structure when it came to playing. You think Michael Jordan didn't have issues that we don't know about outside of playing the game of basketball? Come on now. Ain't nobody perfect or 10 10 when it comes to wanting to invest in them, but understanding what they give you from a business perspective and what they can do on the court long-term.


Come on man, stop playing. That, that answer was a whole, a whole bunch of nothing. The problem is that he called it a long-term move and Nico Harrison said it was a trade to win. Now move. I'm looking at it. You just went to the NBA finals, like you said ocho, that's winning Now I'm ju I I'm con I'm confused when you, I can see, okay, we got some ass, but you said you tried to win now bro, you just went to the NBA finals. You just did that. It is not like, it's not like you hadn't made the playoff in a couple years, OCHO it's not like you got knocked out in the first round ocho it was a situation. You went to the NBA finals.


So that is winning. You are winning Now. You didn't win the ultimate prize, but damn normally we don't see a team break a team up and that's what they did because you took the key piece out after going to an NBA finals, unless said, individual is unhappy. Right? But because we Luca never voiced that I wanted to be traded. That's what's so surprising. That's why the, that's why the greatest trade. Kareem wanted to leave. Orlando allowed Shaq to become a free agent and they had a poll and they said, who should they pay? Penny or Shaq? And the poll said they should pay penny.


Shaq took that as an insult, as disrespectful, a slap in the face. He says, okay, that's what y'all wanna do. Boom. Yeah, they also said it was too much money. 'cause I, I forget who it was that had just become the highest paid. And they, and, and they something to the, the, the fact that I don't think, they didn't think the, the fans didn't think Shaq deserved that kind of money. So I don't guys, guys like Shaq, you don't let them become free agents. You try to extend them as soon as you possibly can, as soon as the window open And you could offer them a max contract And you give it to 'em a 24-year-old Shaq.


And well, we see what happens when he went to, he went to the Lakers, but normally guys like Luca don't get traded unless they're asked to get traded. Kareem asked to get traded. Yeah, Kareem was a three time league. MVP. He was a finals. MVP, he had gone to the finals. He had won the league, he had won the scoring title. He wanted to get outta Milwaukee. They obliged him. Guys this age, this skill, this talented, this dominant, you are not just moving them on your own volition. Right? Doesn't happen. Not at this age. Now it come a time we saw AI get traded.


Yeah, but AI wasn't 25 and Ai AI didn't ask to get traded. But You know, the, the organization thought it was in the best interest, thought some, some of the things that were going on off the court and they moved on from ai. But 25-year-old ai, they ain't Moving. It Absolutely not. You understand You. And so I I'm understand but I for No, I was ahead just saying you understand the product, you understand the product that you're getting on the field. I also, I this I use, I used this scenario last night, American gangster, Denzel Washington Cuban Union Jr. There's nothing wrong with Blue Magic. You got Blue Magic. Why are you touching it, UNC why are you touching it?


There's nothing wrong with it. It's perfectly fine just how it is. The product sells itself. Luca is the product. It sells itself. Why are you, why are you touching it? What, what, what are we doing? A player of his magnitude. You know what? All the hookah, all the beer, God damnit, you've been part of the NBA GMs, presidents managers, you understand. Everybody drink, everybody smoke. Everybody does some things, some extracurricular things outside of that as well. But we ain't trading them especially so about this is for long-term, long-term what Lucas ain't walking through that door.


If they, if they, if they were, if Luca, if Lucas would walking through that door, I mean a lot of, a lot of other teams would have success a lot more frequently. Come on Man. Luca's not a a generational talent. Luca is a transcendent talent. Talent because the generation, the generation is 20 years. Guys don't come up. Ja, this is transcendent. He's, he's, he's, and for me, Ocho, if I'm Patrick Dumont, if I'm anybody, Nico Harrison, if I'm anybody in the, in the Mavericks organization, I am not going to talk about this because all you do stirring old poop, it still stinks.


All you do is peel the scab off a wound that's, that's still very fresh, but it's starting to scab over. You just rip the scab off and gotta start this thing all over again. Because all the fans heard is like, man, this man Tre, I can't believe this man. And did you hear what he's saying? That's what the fans are thinking. Did you hear what he's saying? He talking about long term goal, man, stop lying. We just went to the NBA final Last year. Lying to yourself. You lying to yourself. Yeah, but if I'm them, I'm, I'm done talking about this time, this, this, this subject ocho, I ain't, I ain't bring, I'm not bringing it. I'm not bringing it up No more ojo. Because, because I, I can't, there is nothing, there's No win. At some point in time, you gotta come to the conclusion ojo, there is nothing you can say, even if you were to win a title.


People Like, You know, people gonna say, we coulda won a title with Luca. He, who's to say, who's to say we wouldn't win that title with Luca Ocho. Yeah, But You know, he won't have to worry about that because they're not gonna be able to win the title Ocho the pain did not stop there for Dallas Southwest Airline after 54 years decided to up there the check bag policy and now they're charging customers by throwing shade at the labs. Oh, it's not like we traded Luca. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a great One. Great business is all about advertising. How do we grasp how we grasp the viewing eye and make them say, oh, that was good.


You know what? I wanna fly with them despite them changing the policy and finally having to pay for bags. That was so clever. I'm finna fly with Southwest just because, I mean, I'm not changing, You know, my, my my, my love for Spirit Air Spirit Airlines, but that was the good one. That was great advertising. I don't know who came up with that either. It was short, quick and to the point. Perfect scenario. Because the thing is Ocho is that, You know, there are certain things that are catchy like the State Farm, like flow with progressive, like All State with mayhem like Budweiser, Y y bud, why? You know what I'm saying? The Clydesdale, remember the Clydesdale's commercial with the, the, the horses and, and the dogs and so forth and so on.


That's what he wanted to be. Hey, I don't know who that Allstate, that mayhem commercials, but he's classic. I I don't know who's behind the creative directed on, but he is, that's classic. Oh, that, that's funny, Right? Jake from State Farm Mayhem. From All State flow from Progressive. Really? That's synonymous. We, I mean, I don't know what what flow's gonna do. Hey, you remember the wind when this commercial with grandma, where's the beef? Yeah. Remember that after? Yeah. So in this situation right here, I mean look, this is maybe over time because eventually, You know, 20, 30 years from now, people will remember Milwaukee traded Kareem, you don't remember that.


People think Kareem played his whole career in la. He didn't. He didn't. That happens. It, it, it, it, it definitely it it happens. And You know, it's like, and he was homegrown. We took a, we took a young kid outta Slovenia, not extremely terribly athletic. He doesn't jump very high. He doesn't run very fast. He doesn't run very fast. All I know he puts the ball in the basket and an elite level. He has the third highest scoring average in NB history. History only behind Michael Jordan, wilt Chamberlain and his Luca Dun History.


History. He has the second highest scoring average in playoff history behind won Michael Jordan. They're not gonna forget that soon over time. Yeah. You know, we forget a lot of stuff over time. That's just the way the human mind is after a while. But it ain't happen anytime soon. And because anything that he does, You know, people gonna go back and plus we got internet. Maybe it'd been different if Kareem came up in an era where you had internet And you had 24 hour news cycles and people talk sports all the time, 24 hours a day, 365 maybe it would be different.


But sports is different now than what it was back then. Ocho It is vastly different because the way we cover it, the way we talk about it, the way we can consume it. Yes sir. And with all that being said, people gonna be mad in Dallas about at the Maverick for a long ass time and He, he not gonna make it no easier on, on his end playing the way he's playing. When LeBron come back and they continue to have success together on the court, it's going to always be brought up over and over and over and over. This is who they traded. Hey, but don't let that, don't, don't let, don't lose sight of that.


I understand y'all didn't trade Luca, but y'all charging for check bags now. So let, let's, let's, let's, let's keep the focus on the focus. I get it. It's very ca catchy. It's not like we traded Luca, but y'all charging money for those bags. And I remember when they first instituted charging for check bags Ocho Yeah. I was like, man, everybody like that ain't gonna last long. That ain't gonna last long. People gonna stop flying. Okay, well how you gonna get from California to Florida? You Gonna fly. How you gonna get from New York? Decide exactly flying. You ain't gonna drive, I know that You gonna fly. Hell nah. So, and guess guess what? What normally happens is that when one airline does something, what does everybody else Follow right behind.


Follow right behind. Because you got, you got to, you gotta make it up for a reason. They, they, they charge you for check bags for a reason. You got to make money. This is a business no matter how you see it And think about the money because think about it, Ocho they give you one and then they charge you if the bag is of a certain weight. Yeah, They charge you what? A what? How much is the a dollar pound? For real? Yeah. Hell yeah. I do my best. I do my best regardless of how long I'm going somewhere. They always take a carry on. I take a carry on in a duffle. I I try not to take suitcases. I try to do the same thing. But sometimes when you're traveling, when you're travel in eight cities in 10 days, sometimes no, you gotta do what you gotta do.


Wait a minute, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Now listen, you can always use my method. A method I've been using for a very long time. It's very, it's cost efficient and it works going from city to city. Now if you got, what, how many days you say ac in 10 days. Now if you got AC in 10 days, what you have to understand is all you have to do is take three pair of shoes, use the same outfit, have a bunch of underwear, tank tops and t-shirts. Always changed, but use the same outfit but change your shoes after each city because the outfit resets itself. So if you're in Chicago on Monday And you gotta go to got, you got go to say, let's say LA on Tuesday, all you do is wear the same outfit but change your shoes and the outfit resets itself based on a different location figure So that, that stage multiple outfits trying figure now that's just something I do and, and, and, and still do to this day.


Especially when you have to do things back to back to back And you having to do signings and appearances for La Portier. Okay, well me understand that. Just me, you think I could, you think I could wear shorts and tank top in Connecticut and Caif in Chicago right now? Hey, All you need, all you need is a little jacket. You could put a little jacket in your duffle real quick. Boom. You good old hoodie. You ain't, you don't need much. You used to the cold you played in Denver. You played in Baltimore. Boy, that was 20 years ago. Listen, I'm just trying to save you on, on your traveling expenses. Not only your expenses but being able to travel efficient and light. Two pair of Tools. Yeah, Same sweatsuit. Matter of fact you have a black, a black sweatsuit and a great one And you could, those are interchangeable And you just change the shoes.


A pair of white Air force ones and a pair of black ones. I got white Air force ones and that's it. It go with everything. See that's why you the outfits probably the outfits, I don't know. They probably stand up in the corner by themselves. When I take 'em off, I Ain't listen. It it, it works though. It it works. It works. Yeah. Yeah. IIII hate going to, I I just wanna come out the airport and hop right into the car and I'm off. I I don't wanna stand around baggy claim And I mean, look, fan, I wanna say this. If you see a person standing around baggage claim, don't ask 'em what they're doing.


If I see you standing around baggage claim, what do you think? I think you're doing. Don't show Waiting on my bag. What are you doing here? Hey, Yeah, I, I came, I, I came, I came to get some crab cake. They just, they just trying to start a little conversation. Really Not knowing, Hey, how you do? Hey, hey Ocho, how you doing man? I be watching night camp, man. You Oh, y'all be going crazy man. Y'all be going hell on that thing. I love that show. You know, blah. I love bro. Don't come on Now. You be nervous. Huh? You gotta understand that people be nervous. Oh Lord have mercy. Yeah, I told you the dude asked me. I was in the s script joint. Man, what you doing here? Same thing you do here, look at that.


Hoo-ha. Now what I'm doing here. That's what you doing here. What the hell, what, what you think I'm doing? Ain't no basket no this morning going on. Right, Right, right, right, right. So you, you were there for the hoo-ha in the wings, huh? Yeah. Come on bro. Yeah man. Hey yeah man. Hey man, y'all man, I've been watching you with TD bro Dr. The time. Not right Now. You you, you try to distract me. Hey, hey. Yeah man, honey on the stage bro. I ain't trying to hear nothing about no tv honey. I'm looking at honey right now. That what I'm looking at.


Ooh. Amber, Amber up next. Yeah, I was coming to the stage one, stage Three devastation. Yeah. Honey Lou ain't Never seen devastation. Huh? You ain't never seen a devastation. Yeah, it's one, it is one named Devastation boy. She known worldwide. They call it Chocolate caramel. Yeah. Lexus. Yeah Mercedes. Oh that's throwback. That's throwback.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com Try Fh com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the brackets the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple first round matchups UCON versus Oklahoma McNeese stay versus Clemson. In terms of the teams with a shot to win the whole thing. I really think St. John's has a chance Coach Rick Pitino, who's won two national championships already with a pedigree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee State over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against pressure. Also. Another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the turn by booing a playing game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in our team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more for me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can grab a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger Marsh Madness.


A 15 T-Mobile.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


The Bucks beat the Lakers by 2126 to one six. That's three. Three straight losses. The three teams behind them in the standings are all riding winning streak. Houston, four games, golden State, five games, Minnesota six game. Big trip tomorrow to end the road trip in Denver, back to back the Lakers wasted an outstanding, an outstanding performance by Luca Donit. Luca is the youngest Laker to play the luck, the youngest Lakers player to have 45 points, 10 rebounds in a game since 19 62, 0 45 Magic had, what did magic have in that playoff game, Ash?


Was it 42? He might have had 42, but anyway, he's the youngest Laker to have 45 points. 10 rebounds in the game since 1962. The problem tonight, yeah, Joe was the guys that can score. They don't really go defend very well. No Luca and AR guys that can defend can't score the ball. Finn Smith, Vanderbilt, that's the issue that you had. The Luca played. Luca and ar played extremely well. Nobody else did much. And that's the problem that you're gonna have. They got crushed on the magic half 42 15. Okay.


The Lakers shot 44% from the floor. They allowed the Milwaukee to shoot 48. They shot 38% from the three. They'll allowed the bucks to shoot 43 turnover. Where wasn't that different? Wasn't that vast. 14 for the Lakers. 12 for the bucks. They did get out rebounding by 10 on the offensive glass. But look, and that's the problem that you're gonna have right now. They're scrambling, they're undersized. I like I said again, And I don't like to beat the dead horse, but I don't know why they signed Alex Lin. It's, he's, he's, I mean he, he's big for no reason. Yeah, I mean, I mean probably God thinking like, man, if I knew you was gonna be like this And I wouldn't have gave you all this, like, ain't no sense. You ain't no sense you about he pretty soon he about to be the tallest coach ever.


That, that, that's where he headed. That's, that's his next occupation. Don't you coach? I I I don't wanna, I don't wanna talk bad about him. Maybe he just hasn't come into his own yet. Maybe he's lacking a little bit of confidence having that type of size, that type of length. And to be playing in the NBA you have to be of some, some type of use. You know, I haven't seen it yet. He's some guitar. Listen, I I, I know I saw for myself than no Jackson Hayes Knight, no LeBron, no Ruy. I think the game would've been a little bit more competitive obviously if the Lakers score was healthy, yes, obviously Luca did all he could do. But as, as you said, those that score can't play defense and those who play defense, they can't goddamn score. So not having LeBron, his his his hurt I think gonna be like this for the next week or two until he can get himself back, back in health.


Luke, Luke gonna have to do his best. Luke gonna have to do his best and and carry the load as much as he can. And hopefully, You know, the supporting cast can have knight, those that can score can have nights when they're on and be a little bit more efficient and, and pick up the slack being that LeBron is not there. You look at Luca, they scored 106 points. Ocho Luca gave you 45. Austin Reed gave you 28. That's 73. That's crazy. They got 30, they got 33. Everybody. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. The nine other players scored 33 points. One guy scored 10, so that means they got 23 from the other eight.


Right. And Now you look at, you look at the Bucks, Giannis was a assist away from a triple double 24, 12 and nine. Brooke Lopez 23, Dame 22, Kevin Porter Jr. 22, Gary TR Jr 16. When you get that kind of production, when you get that kind of ballot scoring and the scoring is so lopsided on the other side, well that's kind of what you're gonna get. You're gonna get a situation where you get blown out. And like we said, we were talking about it at the top, Ocho, those that can score don't defend those that can't, those that can defend can't score. So what do you do? You've, I mean they would've literally had to play a perfect game. Yeah. Oh yeah. Luca and Luca and, and ar give you what they gave you.


But other guys were gonna have to knock down shots. I mean Luca can't play any better. I mean some of the shots that he was hitting you like damn, damn, damn. And they got the game within what? Two, three and next thing You know the bucks going a 10 oh run or a 12 vol run and push it back to 14. The Lakers claw it back. They go on 15, 15 2 15 3 run and push it back out. And then the Lakers could get no closer than no closer than that. It's just LeBron could not have and it's not his fault. So I don't want people to say, oh she like, he could help but LeBron injury could not have come at a worse time. Coach O this is, I mean they got, they were playing extremely well and, and then he gets hurt.


Now what do you do? And I said this at the time, I do not believe they're gonna be in second place. They're not gonna be in second place. They gotta hold, they can hold this thing off and not get, get into playing, which is seven through 10 because they gotta uphill climb. They got the nuggets tomorrow. They got the nuggets, the nuggets tomorrow. Now Brooke Lopez had 23. What the hell you think Yolk going to do? Well listen, it don't matter who yolk playing, he gonna get 29 30 each night regardless. He listen Yolk could be playing the goddamn five disciples on the court. He gonna score, he gonna get his points no matter what. For some reason I wouldn't be surprised. I wouldn't be surprised as Greg as as good as Denver's been playing all year long and despite the Lakers not having LeBron watch, they shock you tomorrow for some reason.


Watch the Lakers shock you tomorrow and just so happened to stumble on a win despite the LeBron not playing. Luca's probably gonna have another good game. Ar probably show Up. Luka need to go for 70. Huh? Luca would need to go for 70 ar need to go for 35 and then the rest the other guys need to go for 30. Yeah. And You know, don't be surprised that it happened. I'm not saying it because because I'm I'm saying, I'm just saying the way sports goes in general for some reason always happens like that. They, they've lost three and all of a sudden they, they play Denver. You expect 'em to lose. Especially those that like, like to gamble. They mess around and win tomorrow night. Watch. Now watch what I tell you. I would've lo had they not gotten blown out last night by Minnesota, I might've agreed with yo Ocho, I might have agreed with you but because they got blown out at home by Mil, by Minnesota, I don't see that happening.


Mike Malone have 'em very focused that left a nasty taste in their mouth. They know without, I mean they let a and man go off Junior, you Randall went off and they got beat by almost 20 at on their home court. They'll be fired up. That crowd will be rocking. And if, You know, if you watch this team over the last four to five years, they get up like no other Lakers play The Lakers. Okay? They get up to play the Lakers. The Lakers are everybody's championship. I mean especially the Nuggets. Some teams you get on to play for like Now you it is Kansas City. It used to be the Patriots. Everybody play their best when they playing the, the Cowboys.


That's what, that's what the Lakers are up against now. And I expect the nuggets to put their best foot forward. I expect them to play some of their best ball because they're ticked off that they let Minnesota come in there and do what they did to 'em last night. Oh man. But I'm, Yeah, it it, it is tough. I mean and they were playing so well Ocho the Lakers had been playing extremely well. Luca and LeBron had started to figure it out. Luca was gonna have the ball in his hand. LeBron was gonna dive and slash to the basket, gonna get to the post up. He post up at the top of the key post up on the side. Now he can see over the si totals were really high 'cause you got two of the best passers in NBA history with the ball in their hands. A large part ar taking a little pressure off ar because Now you two best defenders gotta guard LeBron DeLuca.


Yeah. So now ar is getting a third or fourth best defender. He's gonna do what he does. So everything had really, really started to, to go well and then just like That. Yeah, You know it, it is funny honestly it's really the same thing that happened happened to Dallas. You know, everybody crested the trade. They, they look, they look deep, they look good, they look decent for a little bit. 80 goes down. Okay we still got Kyrie, we got something to live to live off of. We got some hope. We still got a superstar that can put bus in the seaside. At least get the view attention. Right. He goes down. Damn. So the Lakers look like the trade that they had, it was winning. LeBron playing. Well Luca playing well they going on the winning streak, Luca showing flashes of what he used to be.


Then he scoring 30, he cutting the food, LeBron cutting the food, some of the presses off of him. He don't have to bring the ball up to court. He can, he can play freely, take over a game when he want to. Now he go down, Hey, it's sports baby. That's what makes the game so beautiful. So Yeah, it woo sometimes Ocho you gotta, you gotta laugh to keep from crying. Oh man, that's a good one right there. Boy, that's a good one. You gotta laugh to keep from crying. You know who the lake, You know who the lake can use right now. Who average, who average the triple double in high school. Nobody.


Ain't nobody out there could help the Lakers right now. Boy you ain't never seen me put the ball on the floor now, but you never seen my mid brains game. Huh? You ain't never seen me come off, come off the pick and roll and pull up and don't play. Oh, so you, you you could pick and pop And I could pick and pop. Boy I could, I I could pick and pop better than the better than the stripper, I tell you. No lie. That's yeah, it, it's, it's like I said, you look at Houston's playing, well you look at Minnesota playing well, golden State's playing well since they, since the edition of Jimmy Butler, the Lakers were, and, and as good as those teams were playing, the Lakers were playing better.


But it just so happens sometimes injuries happen at the most inopportune times and hopefully you have a team that's good enough to overcome that can keep the ship steady until said player come back or said players come back. But in this case is really one, yeah, we'd love to get Ruy back. We'd love to get Jackson Hayes back. But the one guy that you could, you could Ill afford to lose if LeBron James, because he's a guy that does a lot of what kind of like when you got here and Luca, You know they're gonna give you 50 to 60 points between the two of them. They're gonna give you somewhere between 18 and 20 rebounds between the two of them and they're gonna probably give you 20 assists between the two of them. So you count, you can count on that Now Officer Reeves gives you what he gives you, which is somewhere between 18 and 20 points on give on a nightly basis.


Rui chips in and give you his 14. Now whatever we get from Finney Smith, whatever we get from Gabe Benson, we take it, we know Jackson Hayes gonna roll, gonna get some, gonna get some, give us some second chance opportunities. We know he's gonna roll to the basket, dive to the basket, catch a couple of LOBs, get a couple of, You know, put backs. Right now we don't really have that. We don't have that, we don't have a big, we are playing undersized Giannis is just getting whatever he wants, getting to the basket. Brooke Lopez getting off rebounds, getting whatever he wants. So it was really a tough night. The effort, I, I don't think, I don't think JJ is gonna be really pleased with the effort.


There's a lot of times Kevin Porter Jr hit three, I think three straight threes and the, in the third quarter, I mean, I mean wide open, shoot around threes can't have that. They gotta, they gotta be better. They gotta be locked in and God's gotta know their responsibility and, and and and and and and close out without filing and they gotta get the ball. Once the ball go. Your, your job is not done Once the guy misses the shot. Your job, your job is done once you grab the rebound because if he misses the shot, you don't grab the rebound. What have you actually done? It's kind like Ocho you And I talk about on third down, you get a team to third down. If you can't get 'em off the field, what good is getting 'em to third Down? Nothing. Because, because listen, if they get, if they get a third down and they, They keep doing it, they gonna get them all the end on.


That's Demoralizing. That's demoralizing, huh? Yes, it extremely demoralizing. But Lakes gotta find a way to do something And I don't know if, like I said, LeBron is probably gonna be out for at least another week. The, probably the earliest you could expect to see LeBron James is probably next weekend and there's a good chance Ocho they could be in the seventh or the eighth spot by the end. Well they, they really could, Unless something drastically happened. Like I said, especially starting, starting tomorrow night, they just happen to win. Even though you say how teams get up to play the Lakers, I just have a feeling just with, with understanding of how sports work, regardless of what, regardless of what the sport is, whether it be soccer, whether it be football, whether it be basketball, tennis, whether it is just for some reason where things are, when you think about a team that's playing, they're not playing well, they have a star that's gone for some reason, the team always plays well against a team that you just know they're gonna lose to and they just surprise you.


I really have a feeling, I don't know why. So people out there, if you, if you, if you're a gambler, I really would pick the Lakers and win tomorrow despite it being Denver despite what, what Joker and, and, and Murray are doing. I just think so Yeah, I might be, I might pick the, the Lakers, it was somebody else's money, but if it's my money, I'm not picking the Lakers because I, I value my money a a little bit more than that. With that being said, we'll, we'll see what happens. I mean, hey Milwaukee, You know, you gonna get in late tonight to Denver And you gotta, You know, you gotta shoot around tomorrow and then You know, you go back, get your nap and then hopefully You know, you put your best foot forward and see what happens. But I'm not, I'm not overly confident that they're confident that they're gonna be able to pour this out.


The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or marsh manage, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal In fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.