
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, you Turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bose.com.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Thursday, it's the New England Patriots of the New York Jets. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Street and Kayleigh Hartung as these reloaded A FC East rivals Meetup coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight live from MetLife Stadium. Not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Patriots and Jets it. 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match Live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


The Volume


NFL week one is here. And a new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns, Draftking hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new draft King customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on US Draftking Sportsbook app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho ocho ocho. What happened? What, what Happened? Patriot owner Robert Kraft is pissed off. Okay. Okay. That Cowboys owner Jerry Jones is in the hall of Fame and he's not Crown he won't, who is still yet to be enshrined in. Caden reacted to Jones induction in 2017 with anger and confusion. This is due to his belief that it meant Jones was begin being given credit over him for the NFL's explosion into the multi-billion dollar empire at the time. Jones induction Kraft reportedly told a friend he hasn't been to an NFC title game in two decades and he gets in. How does that work? Oh, they beefing the billionaires beefing.


I like that. I like that. But listen, I understand where Mr. Krab is coming from. It has been, it has been two decades hasn't it? The most recent 28 years. Seven. Is it seven? Is it seven times? How mean? Seven times Super Bowl champion Who? That The Patriot it. K six. Yeah. Six. Yeah, Tom has seven, but he got another one with Tampa. So six. Six. That's right, that's right. That's right. Tommy Gong. I mean, listen, if anyone should be enshrined in that hall of Fame for what they've done to turn that program, excuse me, that franchise around it should be Mr. gr. Yeah. Because Jerry is still living on what was done in the past. Long, long time ago. Yeah. Long, long, long, long, long, long, long time ago. I agree.


And, and Right. Rightfully so. It is the Cowboys, the store on the helmet does sell itself as opposed to, you know, the red, white and blue down there, down there in Foxborough. But It happens. I mean PE you know the thing is OCHO and people are like, well I I don't know what, yeah, it happens. I mean I know guys that, that when some guys get in and they don't, they're like, bro, I went to this many pro bowls, I this many first team all pro. Yeah I did this X, Y, and Z How such and such, like bro, I, hell I ain't vote, but I mean, I get it. I'm gonna hear your voice, I'm gonna hear your, I'm gonna let you vent and, and this is what I always tell. This is what I tell people when they want you to get in, ain't nothing you've done can keep you out.


When they don't, they'll change the rules to keep your ass out. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm gonna leave it at that because I still want my brother to get in. So I ain't gonna say too much, but I just be, but y'all know, y'all know, y'all know to, should have been the first ball man got the what? The third he got the third, the third most touchdown catches probably like the third most yard. He's three men have ever been First team All pro on three different teams. Three, two of 'em were first ballot, hall of Famers, Ted Hendricks, stork primetime, and Tara Lloyd, three men in the history of the NFL in the history.


The NFL been playing football since 1920. The real deal. And y'all say no, no, That's the game we play, man. Politics, baby politics. I think that look and look, everything everybody says they're gonna use, you know, the situation. I think the, yeah, I hate him bringing it up. But people like, okay, what transpired at the, you know, the video evidence sold that he went in there X, Y, and Z and then they said, well hold on, you was the owner of one of the biggest cha scandals in NFL history.


He was like, well if you don't, if you didn't know, you should have known. I don't believe you knew Clark Belichick ain't sharing that information. Ain't nobody knew, but Coach Belichick and them damn coaches Because that's why, guess what happened when one of them left and went to the team that I played for, he brought that same bull drive there and Mr. B got it. You know what up outta there. They took that over to London and they caught it and Mr. B said, oh no. Oh no, ain't no second chance say, hey, we sorry or apologize. No, you gotta go, gotta go. So that's who knew about it. And you know, if you remember he tried to do it to the jazz Eric Manini.


He said, he say, Hey Bill, you know that thing you do, I'm keep my mouth shut. Right? Just don't do it to me. Mm. Ocho me and you, me and you used to rob banks. I said, but Ocho, you know what Ocho I'm going straight. As a matter of fact, Ocho, I'm invest my money. I got me a bank Now I know you Rob, I know you Rob Banks Ocho, but just don't hit your boy. Don't guess what you say. I'm gonna hit your, Hey, I'm gonna hit your stuff on Friday at noon. Oh no. Okay, you're, hey, guess what? We'll have a bank robbery at noon on Friday. He gonna be driving a such and such. He gonna be wearing this. What you want me to do? I was gonna keep my mind. You mean to tell me you that cavalier?


Yeah. That I said I won't, I'm gonna keep my mouth shut. You continue to do what you do, just don't do it to me. Right. Hey, oh, so that say later for you, I would do it to you. Okay. Because think about it. If Coach Manini don't tell Yeah. They're not stopping name the person that stops something. Just say, you know what? I've had a John Q moment, I've had a change of heart. I dont wanna do this no more. I know it's wrong. So I'm just stopping it out the kindness because that's the type of person that I'm, it don't stop, you feel more and more emboldened to do it because Right.


Oh no. So yeah, it's tough because I like, I like Mr. Craft. I don't know how much time you spent around him when you was there, but Yeah, he cool, cool. He real cool, real cool, real cool. He's always, he goes out of his way anytime he sees me and you know, I'm, you know, I'm talking, he always touch me, Hey, I love what you're doing. I can tell you study, I can tell you do your homework. You're great. I really appreciate it. I know your parents, your grandma really proud of you. He's always giving me my flowers even. And he is like, Hey. He said, I understand you got a job to do. And he is like, you do a damn good job too. So he, he, he give you, he'd give you his credit. So I've always, yeah. You know, and for the most part, Ocho all the owners, when I, when I, I've I've been in, you know, at the Super Bowl and, and go to their functions.


They, they, they, they, you know, hey, they know I got a job to do. I, I don't, I don't really know you well enough personally to attack you personally. Right. I'm talking about your team and it just so happens you own that team. So you know what you kinda like collateral damage, you know, you know what I'm saying? Hey, because that's how you know with your family, Hey, you talking about my brother, you talking about me? That's my brother. What the hell you think I'm supposed to do? Like, be happy with you. Even if you telling the truth, I still ain't gonna like it. So Yeah, I, I get it. But I mean, come on, put a minute. I mean, what, what else can he do? He is on the committee. He's on the, on on the TV committee. The man won six Super Bowls.


The man, they went the, they went, I I, I get it. But even, even after the, even after, let's just say for the sake of argument, you say, you know what, you got the, you won those three. You won the first three doing that. Hell, they won three more cents. Well, well that, that, what'd that tell you? And they, and they went to and they went to what? They went to five, they won three. Damn. No. Hell no. Hell, lemme take that back. They went to, no, they won three. They lost three because they lost to the Giants twice and they lost to Philly. But they won three Nick, the Nick Foes play. Yeah. Yeah. So I I I do think, I, I think I do think Mr. Craft is very, very deserving of being put placed into the, the football hall of Fame.


Absolutely. Absolutely. Jamar Chase says he's not planning to renegotiate a long-term deal with the Bingos this season. He reported and believes the team misled him during the off season as he saw the New deal per shefter. Adam Shefter who came in with me, he and I were both rookies. He was a rookie reporter. I was a rookie wide receiver. Chase claims the Bingos told him following the 2023 season and during his past off season, that extension would be coming. That did not happen. And the team ultimately only picked up hiss fifth year option with season salary jump 1.1 million this season and to a fully guaranteed 21.8 and 2025 at the same time, chase watched other wide receivers around the league.


Got paid, just got paid. Oh. AJ Brown, three years, 96 million, 33 a year. CD lamb, four years, 1 36. Mm. Brandon, I you four years, one 20. Mm. Ima Ross St. Brown, four years, one 20 mm Chase teammate Justin Jefferson, four years, one 40 among others. Tyreek got a new deal. Jalen Waddle, Devonte Smith Chase still has two years rearing on his rookie deal. He'll have one year left after this season. And if I'm not mistaken, it said the still may had gotten to the point where Chase reportedly took out a $50 million insurance policy on himself for the season to protect against possible injury or any potential loss of salary.


Man, hey man, this, you know, I just, the business is ugly, man. Yeah. That's why I, I hate the business side of things. I know a lot of people in the chat will say, you know, he signed the contract, you have to honor that contract. They don't honor. Yeah. They, they don't honor him at all. I understand. And Dan Bryan, how they honor contract work for him. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Listen, there's so many. And Steve Elliot, how that, that contract work for him For Yeah. Yeah. So many examples though. So many examples. You know, you got a strike while it's hot. You got a strike while it's hot. Now I know he has two years left on his deal. But we talk about the special players, They cut players all the time with two years left.


Hell, they'll cut it with three years left. Yeah. All, all the time. I, I, it just, I would want my best offensive weapon outside of my quarterback. I would want him happy. Yeah, I absolutely agree. Knowing, Knowing how good he is, knowing what he's done for you, knowing what he can do and will do in, in the future. I would just want him happy because you, I mean, it's just gonna get even more expensive the following year anyway. Oh yeah. Oh, he's like, I wanted, you know, he probably wanted, if, if, what did, what did Chase get? Chase got, I mean, Jefferson got what, 35 a year? Yeah, 35 a year. He gonna say, I won't faulting damn 36 a year.


I won't faulty. Hey, whatever he gotta do, man. Just you. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm curious and I want tweet, I'm curious to see the game tomorrow and just watch his body language. Watch his body language and, and, and, and that will, that will tell it all that that will, that will tell it all. Yeah. I mean that's, it's, that's, that's been a huge distraction. Not just for, for the team but for, for Jamar. And I thought, I'm not sure if Joe Burrow has that power just yet. Most of the time your quarterback can go up and intervene with great understanding. If we're serious about what we're trying to do, it's only Right.


We pay our best receiver. Our best receiver that's going to be here, you know, for the long haul. Yeah. Who's a viable being and a viable target. And the reason for my success the past two, three years, it's Crazy. I seen it guys in contract. Oh my hail strand, oh my calf, oh, The 49 is the place in Christian, Mcaffrey injury reserve, McCaffrey calf tightness and achilles tendonitis led to the decision. Kyle Shanahan told reporters that McCaffrey will be absent Sunday after not practicing Friday. Kyle added that the player had his worst day the most pain at Thursday's practice. This means the reigning offensive player of the year will miss at least the next four games.


They won't be eligible to return until week six when the 49 ERs are slated to play Thursday night against the Seattle Seahawks. Which he probably won't come back then 'cause I'm gonna give him an extra 10 days off Ocho. 'cause if he missed that, he can be BB make sure he is really, really healthy. I think Kai had a joke that's like those, those people, the fantasy that drafted him, they probably should start doing some heavy drinking. Hey, listen, I, they gonna be fine if I'm not, if I'm not mistaken. I think the backup name is Jordan Mason. I I I his name the way he, the way he looked in week one. Yeah. You know with Christopher McCaffery being out.


Man, listen, they gonna be fine. They're gonna be fine. I think the production will still be there, you know, the next four weeks or next five weeks. Whenever, you know, McCaffrey decides to come back and he'll pick up right where he left off. The offensive line is phenomenal man. Oh Yeah, for sure. The offensive line is phenomenal. And I think what they were able to do, what Kyle Shannon went hand was able to do some of the creativity that he used to use McCaffery in. He's putting Deebo in that spot. Yeah, yeah. He's putting De in that spot. Deebo was in the backfield, you know, ran a few, ran a few dive plays, you a few stretch plays, you know few plays out the backfield. So he's gonna get that, that same offensive production from somewhere and just different in different ways. Well that's why, that's why look Bobby Turner, who's the running back coach?


If there's a Shanahan on your team with Mike or Kyle, Bobby Turner's gonna be the running back coach. I've known Bobby 30 years. Like I said, know his wife. Kim knew all the girls. As a matter of fact, I was just out here, a couple of was in Vegas a couple of months ago and his, one of his daughters was out here and stopped by with Shelly. Shelly was out here and she stopped by the room And, we talked for like two hours. He is like, oh I gotta go. But it, it is, they're great. I love Bobby t he, my guy just love crack jokes with him. All the coaches what great that Mike that brought in. But it's Ocho it's really simple in that, in that sy in that run as running back in that system.


You get one cut, ain't no dancing. Yeah but Alex you say hey, just say hey you ain't on the dance floor. All that Duke, all that ain't none of that. You put your right foot in the dirt, you put your left foot in the dirt and you get your ass downhill. Yeah. And if somebody hits you in the back field, I'm gonna find out who it is and I'm gonna put my foot in his ass and he ain't gonna be on the, I tell, I tell you what man, me Ally used to go at it. He like, you want to catch passes, you got all the muscles. I said Alex, these muscles ain't for football. What the hell you talking about? These ain't for football. Oh you think I live all this way for football? Oh no.


Oh no. But it was great but but you're right. Kyle is gonna find a way to scheme him up. He's gonna get him in that zone and they're going because they can run the football so well guess what Deebo and IU can kill are gonna be running Scott ass free because they're gonna drop that safety down because they got, get that eight guy in the box, they're gonna run you try to play cover too. They're gonna run you up out of it. That's what I tell TD all the time. TD run they ass outta cover too. Yeah. Alright. Sharp. Hey td. Hey our offensive line. Get to the line of scrimmage. Oh yeah. That's all we gotta do. Our job was to get TD to the line of scrimmage.


My job lot of times I'm backside is to make sure that end Don't put his helmet in TD hip. Heck yeah, I got now run them up out of it now when they, now we Finn to cook. Okay, now I got Crystal Ocho, I'm cooking with Grease. Ain't that Pam? That nonsick? Nah, I'm to cook And, we run them up out of it and now all of a sudden TD got hundred 50. John done passed for two 50. I got like 70. TD got, rod got like 85 it got Yeah. That's how we do it. We gonna run your play cover two if you want to. We run your ass up out of it. We get you outta cover two. You not finna stop us with no seven man box.


Ain't no way. It ain't happening no way. No how And we get that ball with four minutes to go And. we go double tight. Y'all not getting the ball back. I sure hope. Oh, I sure hope y'all gotta leave because if you don't, you ain't getting the ball back to get one. Oh no, ain't happening. It ain't happening. Ooh. Got a sad story Ocho. Hold on, hold on. When y'all went double tight? Who's on the other side of you? Carswell called him house. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Oh yeah, We running. We hey we coming. Hey and guess what? We running it and what you gonna do? You gonna stop it. Can't, Can't sharp you too light.


Don't worry about me. Stop him then. I'm too light. Stop it. But you can't stop it. I bet you don't make no tackle. Well Portis Portis used to run that thing so smooth, man. That stretch. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Bend it, bend it, bend it, holy it holy hold and then hit, hit that foot in the ground. That's it. That's it. That's, that's the only job we had to, hey, backside is to make sure the, the running back knows because he's gonna be hesitant he take that helmet to the hip. He gonna be hesitant to come back there. He needed to know smooth sailing. Hey, ain't no rough waters back, ain't no choppy. Waters back here bro. You good? Right, Right. Hey, That's it.


Line get him to the line of scrimmage once he break the line of scrimmage rod ed knock people off him down the field. Hey, that's all Make, hey, we gonna make you a chaser, not a pursuer. You say, hey, you tell people, hey, pursuit to the ball. Nah, we chop that. We gonna make you a chaser. You gonna have to chase the ball because your ass gonna be in a chase position, not in the pursuit. Oh yeah. Oh, we had that thing down to a science. Yeah, Because you don't wanna be that one because they gonna put that film on. Oh yeah, you don't want that. Oh, gonna put that film on. Oh, put that film on you 84. What doing here?


Hey, I remember them days, boy. I'm like, bro, hold on. I know I ain't the only one that missed a block. So I'm the only, so I'm the only one that missed a block in there, so hold on. I'm going in there thinking like I, you ocho you know you messed up. So I already know. I say I no, ain't no way in hell outta 65 plays. I'm the only more voted Mr Block because I already know they gonna put my stuff on there. I don't care now. Nah, I, I done got to the point because every week they gonna put my stuff up on the board anyway. I don't care. 84. You watching how many tickets you buy. Well you should have bought a couple of more.


F you Alex. Hell no, man. I'm telling, Hey Ocho, that was pain. And you don't wanna let your, you know, you don't wanna let your peer because a lot of times you can get away with stuff because they, they doing they job. They don't know you done fd up and then it's, it's one thing to f up, it's another thing to give piss poor effort. That's what Oh man. But that, those, those was the Oh, because I be, no. Oh, I got him. Good. I be done. Come back to the, oh. Ooh. I can't wait till they show the film on Wednesday because I cooked some, oh, I cooked him. Oh. Yeah, because I, I felt better on, on, on a block than I did the past because they expect, you know what I'm saying, show they expect me to win on the passport.


Oh yeah. But when I tied one of more d one of more D line went up. Yeah. And they can't get, they Can't get Off. I tied him off, man, Don man you ain't nothing pump up. Oh buff up wire receiver. Don't worry about it. You know I got you in the club. I be walking outta the club. That's how I have him tied up. Mad as hell.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more. Check out boats.com.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo, find your water. Visit sea-do.com or find a dealer near you.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No Purchase necessary v GW group void or prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


You Know, whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. That's the reason the Toyota Camry has been America's bestselling sedan for the past 22 years. And the all new Camry takes it to a new level with a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride. I mean there are Hall of Fame point guards who don't have this level of control. And the Camry's got the flash to match. We're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke alloy wheels in Chrome, dual tipped exhaust. I mean this is a seriously good looking car. And the all new Camry's got the comfort to go with the looks. Standard dual zone automatic climate control will have you and your passengers right in their comfort zone. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. You don't see that often on the court or on the road. And because every, all new Camry is a hybrid, it has difference making fuel efficiency with up to an EPA estimated 51 miles per gallon combined. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


OCHO got a sad story to share with you. Oh man, hold on. Last year, but now it's come to a head. Adrian Peterson, who earned more than a hundred million dollars during his 15 year NFL career. He now faces a debt in excess of 12 million and he's been ordered to turn over his assets to pay for it. According to the USA today, a Houston judge has ordered AP to surrender property to satisfy the debt. Constables have been ordered to seize assets from his home. A court appointed receiver has accused Peterson of playing a shell game in order to avoid payment.


Ocho ocho man AP bro you made a hundred million and then he borrowed, I think he borrowed like 5 million in like two years. The interest. So when you money like that, you gotta play like 20, 25% interest on Joe. So it went from 5 million to like 8 million in three years. It might be 50% interest. Oh. Oh Joe. But then you throw a birthday party and you fly everybody. I wish y'all might have a birthday party and I fly y'all in to come to my party.


Where they do that at? You got camels. He got tigers. You thought he was target for real? Man, this, listen, I you, you know how I am. The Chad know hell, the goddamn world know how I am when it come to finances and I I don't play that. I I I don't play that. Listen, him being in this situation is very unfortunate. I I I, I wish him well and, and hoping everything turns out in his favor. I'm not sure how this works. Ain nigga Better turn out his favor. He owed 12 million. I mean, In for the looks of it. He ain't got it. Yeah, I hope so.


I I hope he does. I hope he has some. I hope he has some. How you take out a loan to throw yourself a birthday party. You better get, Hey, you better go down there and get a a about five or six dozen crabs and some shrimp and say, here you go. Who takes out a loan to throw themself a birthday party? Unless you are what? Trying to impress the party goers. I dunno. That's crazy man. A hundred damn man. Ocho how you, how ocho you throw a birthday party and you bring in what he fly in 300 pe 300 guests.


He flew in 300 guests. I don't know, 300 people. If I'm 56, I dunno. 300 people. And I damn sure don't know enough of people to in to fly their ass to a my Right Man. You think I, you think I know 300 buckets or 300 burns? Hell no. Damn. That's messed, that's messed up man. He flew in 320 people. Oh Joe, check this out. Don't Joe. Yeah, But guess how he flew him? First Class? First class. Oh, oh.


Is is there, is there any way, oh Kenny just filed bankruptcy. Hey you the, so if you ain't got no money, it's hard to file bankruptcy. You ain't got no money because guess what? Your credit gonna be shot. So what you gonna put up, what you gonna put up col for collateral? Damn. I don't Damn. I mean like the more, the more people used say Hey can we get this? The more women used to say what? I'm gonna get it with ass am mouth. We ain't got no money. What I gonna pay with it for what I'm gonna pay with it? What am what what am I going to pay to get what you're asking for? Right. So if he doesn't have, the thing is, the best thing to have if you don't have money is to have great credit.


You can have f up credit if you got money. You see how that works? Yeah. Yeah. Boy. And enough people don't care. Hey, and think about it. Anytime you try to buy something, what they gonna do? They gonna pull them. Credit scores. Credit scores, Equifax, Imperion, what's that One at, At that Experian. So at, at that, at this point in general, this Happen. Trans Jr. They got three of them. Now some might be a little higher than the other one, but I feel very good. Mine all start with an eight. I ain't gonna tell you what else they got. You know what comes after that. But I feel very comfortable. All three of mine start with an eight. Right. But, okay, but I, but I, I, I got a little bit of money.


I ain't saying I'm the richest man in the world, but I got great credit and I do have a little cash, but I, I'm, I'm not, I'm not doing anything to impress anybody. I'm not buying no no $10 million hole. I'm not buying no no million dollar car. I'm not buying, flying people in. Oh, I used to have a party in, in in Glenville. Must, Hey, y'all could drive here. Hey you welcome to come. You ain't gotta bring nothing. I got all the alcohol. I got a hundred pound of crab leg, a hundred pound of shrimp. We got like a hundred, you know, 200 hot dogs, 200 hamburgers. All the hey have at it.


But to get there the best way you can, preferably, I prefer you to walk 'cause you're gonna be drunk by the time you leave. I don't want nobody to have no accident. Knock on wood. Thank God we watch it over. Nobody got no DOI nobody got harmed. But I ain't pressing nobody man. Man. Who y'all know I got money. I'm playing N nfl. I'm the highest paid X, Y, and Z, but I'm not fitting to impress nobody. Yeah. A theme. Athene birthday party, blue jeans, t-shirt, shorts, flip flops, sand, whatever. That's the theme. Two. I don't even celebrate my birthday. I just say, I say save me a little prayer. I'm glad to see, glad to see another year. Yes.


Give, give a little Starbucks, get me a cigar man. And kick my feet up. That's just another, That's, that's how I just feel. I just feel bad Ocho that people come in and, I mean some people will never seen, some people will never see a million dollars in their lifetime. And I get it when they say, we say he made over a hundred million. You figure Uncle Sam, I'm gonna take 50% of that. So that's 50 million. Let's just say Ocho, I throw 25 million. I just throw 25 5. You still gotta have 25 left. Even, even if, even after your agent take his cut back, then they take what, three, 4%? I don't know. Five. If they pay for everything. Nah. And people like, oh kid, kids don't. Listen, here's the thing.


Yes. My grandfather used to say, my grandfather told my brother and I, we were young. He say, the worst kind of poor you can be is child poor. Mm. So let that go over y'all head. People. That's an 18 year expense that's damn near as long as your mortgage. Now just imagine your mortgage, you got one because there ain't a people, there ain't, there ain't very many people that have seven mortgages. So you start having 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 kids. Okay? And they're not by one. Guess what Ocho that's 18 years.


I know. I done done the math. Oh shit. I, I done done it too plenty of times. Okay. So you know what that mean? That's why, that's why Shannon, you ain't went on no vacation. Hell no, my vacation was right there. That, that's, that was my vacation right there. Them pri that private school, that's va that the vacation I would've taken. Yeah. Went to a private school and save for their college. That's where the vacation went. That's where my vacation went. And a vehicle for, that's where my vacation went. Same. That's why, that's why the tunnel vision, because I ocho the thing is, and I don't, I can honestly say this, I knew not everybody, but I knew people wanted to see me fail.


But my desire to succeed was greater than their desire to see me fail. Because see, they had no control over that. I had control over my success or failure. Right. So all they could do is hope, wish, pray wasn't gonna happen, wasn't gonna happen. But I knew the only thing my grandmother said when I say ready, you know, such and such pregnant. Okay, alright boy, you take care of the kids. Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. So now my focus totally shifted. It ain't no more about me. It ain't no more about getting no watches. It's no more about X, Y, and Z.


I got kids, I got responsibilities. Now that's mine, not mine. That's got my name. So now I gotta make sure I put them in the best situation. I gotta put them in a better situation than what I was in. I wanted my kids to be able to start on third base. 'cause guess what I started, I was in the stands, I ain't even have a bat, but somebody looked at me and said, hell that kid, like he can play. Let's bring him down. But to lose that kind of money, ocho Man please. And That's just on, it's just one. That's one example. You gotta understand 90, 92, 80 7% of us go broke when we done playing you.


So this is just one example because of who the individual is. And that's a hundred million million. So think about all about the people that never made a hundred million that ran For their, you remember Rashard Breland, the guy from Kansas City I just read, he, he sold his Super Bowl ring, 81,000. It's a re man. And people laugh. They people love to laugh and, and wonder why, why so goddamn cheap? Why, why dog man, listen. But unc, I ain't played football in 12 years and still living the same lifestyle I was living when I was making money. When I was in the league, I'm still living the same exact way my cheap ass lived.


The stadium, Marvin Lewis had to kick me out the stadium because I refused to buy a damn place. You know how diabolical, you know how fucking cheap that is? Yes. The stadium has everything I need. I'm cry. I'm not crying. Why you making me this? I'm here, I'm here to work. I'm here to, I'm, I'm here to pipe. Everything I need is right here. Why you making me get a place, man? Shit, Ojo, I got the same, I mean, for the most part, I had the same agent since 1996. Had the same marketing guy since 1999. I ain't changed. Hmm. Why change?


I had opportunity to go to big. Oh, you could do so much better. You can go. Nah, I trust them. Yeah, I trust. So I've had Marvin, I've, Marvin Dim off had been my agent since 1996. When I, when I, when I got with Marvin, I had had two agents up until that time. Right. Well the first was really my agent. He was my brother's agent. So he did my contract for free. Then I had another guy and I remember talking to Marvin and Marvin's like, okay, what do you want? I said, I want the same lifestyle that I have right now. I want, I want it when I'm done. Yeah. He says, go home and get me every, get me every bill that you have, bring me back how much money that you currently have, how many kids you currently have, what are their ages?


I brought it to him, he laid it out. He's like, okay, not bad. Could be better, could be much worse. He said, okay, this is what we're gonna do. He said, okay. He says, outside of your expenses, home car note, stuff like that. Kids, you can spend 30,000 a year. So child support, private school, car note, mortgage, my sister, stuff like that. I gotta spend 30,000. I spent 15 And put 15, put 15 up.


He's like, to this day, I remember ocho like, like a year ago, He is like, you know, have Shelly get all your stuff together. I wanna take a look. I know what I have on my end. I wanna see what you have on your end. So I brought it to him and when he showed it to me, I was like, damn. He's like, what? I said, damn we, I said, we do. He's like, yeah, you did. You did, you did real good. I say, he's like, I'm proud of you. Yeah. He said, now go buy yourself something. I said, huh? He said, go buy yourself something like, like, I'm good.


He said, he's like, Shannon, he said, you've lived your life for everybody else since I've met you. Go buy yourself something. I'm like, I'm like, but I don't really say it. He says, how many times have you ever heard me say, go buy yourself something? I said, hell never. He says, okay, you gonna be okay. Go by Yourself. Something. Yeah. So I went and bought myself that. Our challenger got a little, you know, came back this year with everything went well. We re-upped with ESPN, you know, went, bought myself, you know, bought me a watch.


So I'm good now, Ocho. I'm good. I'm good. Yeah. I, I ain't, I ain't bought, I ain't bought nothing in a long time, bro. I ain't bought, I ain't unc I ain't bought nothing in a long time. Look up Christmas this year. No, you, you laugh. You gonna get your car. What you gonna get? I, I don't know yet. Now what I, what I have been doing is because I have so much, I have my hand in so many different things. Now what I have started doing is I've been buying real pieces of, of accessories. Yeah. As opposed to when I was playing and I was making sure nothing was real. Right. Just so I had be spending what I'm making. Right. Get my head knocked off.


Right. So now, because I got my hand in so many different things, obviously I think people don't even, people don't even understand. I own three McDonald franchises. So you don't understand the kite, the type of money I'm that's coming in quarterly when I'm getting paid. Right. So I'm starting, you know, buy real watch here, you know, a chain here, you know, MC Cuban links, they stuff Cuban. Yeah, yeah. Not real. Yeah. And it just, but listen, I can't, I can't say nothing. But when they say God is good, bro, No, he ain't good. He people, people see, they, they didn't change that to about God is good. No God great. God is great. Boy, you, you not, you not understanding. I, I think if, if the chat understood what it took for me to even get back, man, boy it is tonight ain't the night to be crying.


But yeah. Not, not tonight. I ain't, I ain't ain't gonna let that slide Down. See, that's how I am Mocho. I do. But my brother sister been, it's been a road. Yeah. You it's been a long road. Boy, may I please No, I do for my brother and sister, like it did for me. Like I said, my, my relationship and I think people know that my relationship with my brother and sister is different than most people with their brother and sister. Yeah. My brother and sister is more like my mom and dad because they raised me. My grandfather had gotten old, my grandmother was working. My mom, my dad died with, I mean, so my sister did everything that a mom would do for a 4-year-old, 5-year-old, 7-year-old, eight, 10-year-old.


My, my sister did everything that I learned. My grandfather was extremely hard on my brother. And I, I, you know, I I I never understood if I got in trouble. He blamed my brother. He say, because you are the oldest, you know? Right, right. He gonna watch and do everything that you do so you make sure you do everything right. So I followed him everywhere. That's why I wanted to be like him because he did everything right. He ain't get no trouble. Right. He didn't talk back. He didn't, he didn't, you know, I always had something to say. I always been quick with the lip.


I ain't no sense to me lying. My grandma. Right, right. My grandma kept a fist upside my head because I was gonna say something smart, but not my brother and my sister gave me a bath, helped me with my homework, signed my report card. She did everything that a mom would do. My sister did my mom, everything a mom would do. My sister did everything a dad would do. Teach me how to do certain things, tie my shoe, so forth and so on. They did that. And so once I got into the situation, I've always, we've always taken care of my sister. That's sister. They had a job since 86, 40 years. Damn. My sister didn't work since she was 24.


Ain't very many. 24 retired. 24 year olds. Well my, that's my sister. So we've all, I've always taken the, and once you know, my brother retired, it shifted my focus because now he, I'm the, the maj the breadwinner, and I got the, I got the, you know, make sure everybody's straight because that's what he was doing. We were doing it together. He did it first. Now I gotta shoulder the, I gotta, I, I have to shoulder the load ocho. And that's why I'm very conscious of things that I do. That's why I'm so disappointed of kind of the situation that I put myself in because I'm, I'm good, but I wouldn't been good enough to secure three, four generations.


Good. Right. I got, I got me, my brother and sister, my mom and I got my kids. I'm working on my kids', kids' kids. Mm. That's what I'm trying to do. That's, that's how I think. And that what I did jeopardize that. You don't have to worry about it again though, Promise you that.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have a good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bows.com.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us, and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five, or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo, find your water. Visit sea-do.com or find a dealer near you.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous With a trip to Lucky Land. You know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky lands slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW group. Avoid or prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


You know, whatever your vibe is, A Camry vibe. That's the reason the Toyota Camry has been America's best selling sedan for the past 22 years. And the all new Camry takes it to a new level with a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride. I mean, there are Hall of Fame point guards who don't have this level of control. And the Camry's got the flash to match. We're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke alloy wheels and chrome dual tipped exhaust. I mean, this is a seriously good looking car. And the all new Camry's got the comfort to go with the looks standard dual zone automatic climate control will have you and your passengers right in their comfort zone. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. You don't see that often on the court or on the road. And because every, all new Camry is a hybrid, it has difference making fuel efficiency with up to an EPA estimated 51 miles per gallon combined. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


Kyle Murray says, it's not his job to feed targets to the rookie wide receiver. Marvin Anderson Hit me. Can he really say that? Or, or maybe, maybe may. Do you think they misquoted him? Not as a quarterback? Obviously you're going through your reads. Sometimes the ball goes to him and something reads. But that's not my job. I have a I have a, I have a sense and a feel for guys when they don't get the ball and when they're getting the ball. Hey, UNC, man, hold on. Now. This, this, if I'm Kyle, Kyle Murray, call Kyle. I know you gonna see this when you come out the huddle.


What number? Marvin Harrison. I mean Marvin Harrison, Jr. F 18, isn't it Kyle Murray. When you come out the huddle and you, and you, you're making your points with a line, point out the mic. Check the courage, whatever side 18, go to look at the db. If it's one on one, throw it to him. Don't worry about no read. He is the read. He's the read. What you talking about? It's stuff like this that make Annoying. It's not my job. What You need. That is your job. He why you think they took and forth over all? Kyle, I give you what? Go off trip.


You know what it is? That's over fucking coaching. That's what it is. That's over coaching. That's why that, that's why he said that answer. They're over coaching him, forcing him to go through his reads when, hello? You got a special individual. Individual that was the fourth pick for a goddamn reason. You do that to a rookie Ocho. Ain't nobody over coaching. Kyle, Kyle on some bull drive. Kyle been on some bull drive, but I ain't, look, I I ain't finna go there. This is not the time. This is about him not right. You trying to win games, a rookie Game win quarterback game, you coach him. This man had been to the Pro Bowl and you be this man. Was, wasn't he rookie of the year? Wasn't he Rookie of the year. And then you gonna talk and you gonna talk about, that's not your job.


So tell me what your job is. I like to know. Hey, So you mean to tell me the guy's rookie of the year. The guy's a pro bowl. He's been to the Pro Bowl, he's taken the team to the playoffs, but that's not his job. That explain, you know what that explains. Now you see why? Now you see why. All I'm gonna say is now you see why, You know what, you know what's gonna happen though? Who? The, who the called, who'd called to play tomorrow? Who? The cards play Ash. I guarantee they, I guarantee they feeding in tomorrow. I guarantee they feature him tomorrow.


They play the Rams. Oh shit. Damn. Hey. But e even though still, even with them playing arounds, I guarantee you they feature Marvin Harrison and he has a welcome to the, to the NFL Day Gu. I guarantee you it's just, it's just the way it works. It's just the way, I'm not saying I know the script, but after a day like that, which to me is an embarrassment, especially with the quote coming behind you, starting quarterback saying something like that, you franchise quarterback. That's an embarrassment. They gonna feature Marvin Harrison Jr. Tomorrow. I guarantee you The wise thing was to say, look, I gotta un I understand that my playmakers and I gotta do everything in my power to make sure I get them involved early and often.


You, what did Tom Brady say? Tom Brady says, my j Tom Brady said, it's my job to get my playmakers the ball early. Who wants to go the second quarter to third quarter before they get a target? That's what Tom said, right? Kyle Murray is saying, that's not his job. Now, Chad, you see what I'm talking about? You see the difference between mentality. You see how some, how the great players think and the other players looking to place the blame on somebody else. So in other words, what he's trying to do, Ocho is any blame that you might have placed on me. That's the coach's job. Now listen to the other great quarterbacks, and when they talk, Peyton Manning, the Tom Bradys, the Mahomes, all those great quarterbacks, they go out of their way early to make sure their playmakers get involved early.


Kyle Murray said, that's not his job. Uhuh, I mean, listen, I I, I'm not, I, Kyle Murray is, is media savvy. He's, he's savvy enough to be able to answer that in a different way. And I just, it it was upsetting for me because on Marvin Harrison Jr's debut as an NFL player, it shouldn't look like that. No, it shouldn't look nothing like that. Nothing like that. But I, I know one thing tomorrow's gonna be, I guarantee you, and I bet anybody in the chat, I bet you a dollar tomorrow, he gonna have a day. Ocho. Now you see why I was born when I was born.


Now you see ocho The mental, the mentality is different. The mentality is different. Man, look here. Mm mm Guys, I know Y'all think, I think that, you know, look. Oh shit. Whatever. Nothing. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm good because I, I took a nap. He, man, I just, it would bother me. What he talking, It bothers me. Some of these guys' mentality. It bothers me that winning is not of the utmost. Why the f am I here?


Why am I putting my body through this? Why am I denying myself when I train? I question myself every day. I went to train. I asked myself a couple of questions. Why am I doing this? When is this over? What am I doing it for? How long is it gonna last? Right? And then I gotta come and hear somebody talking about it's not his job. Guess what? Lord Have mercy. It bothers me, man. It really does. Because all I want to, all I, all I care about is winning. How do we get better? You don't get better with players like Kyle Murray.


His mentality is not what it needs to be. Go listen to all the other great players. Look at and listen to Elway. Look, listen to Marino. Listen to Eggman. Listen to any great, and they'll tell you, I gotta get my playmaker involved early. They not saying, it's not my job. You got the damn ball. It's your job. You touch it the most. You touch it the most. But that's, that's why I say over coaching. 'cause when, when the, when, when someone, the quarterback throws out, I have to go through my reads. That's coaching. That's them being in his ear a little bit too much. Guess what? If I'm a quarterback, damn it, all of a sudden I can't read why 18 at? I don't even know the rest of the damn play.


18. Get over it. That, that's, oh, that's a veteran move. Now that's something me and Carson was doing in year five and six and seven and eight. That's a, that's a veteran move. I'm not sure if he has the, the leeway he to be able to go off something like that. Yeah, he done got one coach fired. He can get another one fired. It's easy to fire a coach than it is a quarterback. It's just, it's just, it's just, man, it's just the, the, the, the, the mindset of some of these guys. That's what, that's what it is, Ocho. That's all I'm saying. Right, right. Yeah. I bet it's a little different. I, I, I bet ask what his job is on cars. I bet he know that. I bet he know that. I bet, I bet he know what his job is on that.


I get best when he playing partners. Ain't nobody gonna say, man, that ain't, it ain't your job to protect the blind spot. It ain't your space, your job to go in there and do that. I bet they don't know how to tell him that He'll be fine. He'll, he just gotta, you gotta, he gotta choose his words a little, a little, a little better. That's all. Because I, I'm sure if Marvin Harrison heard that, heard that too. He, I, I know he was upset. And if he not gonna say nothing, he not gonna, he not gonna say nothing upset. Well, he In no position because he's the rookie. Oh yeah. Yeah. He gonna be all right though. He gonna be all right though. I know. Tomorrow they gonna have a day. I know that. I gu I guarantee you that Lil Wayne responded to being snub for the Super Bowl halftime show.


Let's take a listen to what Wey had to say. That hurt hurt a lot. You know what I'm talking about? It hurt a whole lot. I thought that was nothing, you know, I thought that was nothing better than that, that best spot in that stage, in that platform in my city. And so it hurt. I hurt a whole lot. So like I said, it broke me and I'm just trying to put me back together. But my God, how you all help me.


Ah, What's your take oto? I have a Question. I got a question, huh? Yes. I love Wayne. That's my dog now. Yeah. You know, been in the studio with him back in the day. No name and a few songs. What? Studio, apartment? Nah, studio. Nice to be in the Studio. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm just making good clarification. I understand where he is coming from. Super Bowl being held in your hometown. What better place for you to represent for your people and the fans? And, and I, I thought to myself, how many years has the Super Bowl been in New Orleans? Man, it's been in New Orleans more than any damn place.


Right. So I'm, I'm, I'm curious. They had it in 2012. It was there in 90 when the Packers, when the Packers beat the Patriots. It was there when the Rams lost to the, the Patriots. It was, it was there when, when the light went out and the Ravens beat the 49 ERs. It was there in 70 when the Cowboys beat the Broncos. That's four times off the top of my head. I think it's been there about, So I'm, I'm only, I'm only asking, laughing About, tell me, I say 12, 10.


It's been there 10. I was say, I, I'm only asking, obviously this is not the first time that it's been in New Orleans. No, No. It's been there 10 times. Yeah. Okay. Of course. But Lou, Wayne has never been hired or asked to perform. Right. What, what, what makes the difference this year? I'm, I'm just curious. So maybe you can answer better. Maybe the chat could answer better for me. I, I think because of what happened LA when it was in, in in LA and the ran and, and when it was in la they got Dre, they had Snoop and they paid homage to, you know, and so I, I'm sure Wayne was thinking like, damn Usher, because he was a, he was had a residency or, or smoking.


I don't know if you, I don't know if you got a chance to see Usher, but that Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I went, I went for real. Ooh. I went real. He could perform now. Oh man, he did it. So Weezy like, well, damn, hold on LA they got the hip hop, you know, they got the, you know, boom, boom, Dre, they had 50, they had M they had DO double G and Mary J Okay. Vegas Usher. I mean, what they gonna bring tr Wayne Newnan out there? You know? They're like, nah. So Wayne was like, okay, hey, you know, Weev baby in, you know, new Orleans. Damn.


It didn't happen. I get his frustration. I I, I'm like, I too, I can see both sides too, because we've never, it's never been like, think about it, when it was in Atlanta, they had Maroon five. Think about what all the, think about it. You had temp, you had Luter, you had Future, you had two chains. You had, what's the other, the group Andre 3000 big boy Outcast, bro. They loaded. You got Baby Face, you got Jermaine Dupree, you had Usher in, you had bro. Yeah, In the eight eight, they have, think about it, they have Maroon five.


Yeah. Hey, hold on. Maroon five got some hits. Now I'm not saying that. I'm not saying they, okay, I'm not saying they don't, but you would think in Atlanta you like, damn, you ain't gonna play, you ain't gonna play no homage to what all they, what they got. Right. So I get, look, so I like, I get it. But you know, look, I, I mean I don't, I dunno, I can, I, I can understand his frustration, but it's not like, okay, such and such is from listen, we know Beyonce can't do it every year. And Taylor Swift, listen and Taylor Swift, that's who they want. Let's be honest. The we was, they want Taylor.


Yeah, but Taylor's like, I'm big enough. I don't need that. I mean, no, I mean, Beyonce didn't need it. But Beyonce did a, did a, a courtesy. Yeah, she Did a, excuse me, she did him a courtesy. Because remember what I said, you don't get paid for it and you come out your pocket. Yeah. Yeah. Remember, remember what I said? I mean, everyone's up in arms. Even though Lil Wayne came out and spoke about it. Yeah. It still has to do a set. He has to do a set. I'm not sure if they had music together, but Lil Wayne might make a surprise that that was one of the first things I said. He might make a surprise. You, you n you never know. You never know what Kendrick Kendrick may do. I'm, I'm, I'm not sure They talking about, oh my God, we don't want Taylor, you don't, but the N-F-L-N-F-L do.


Oh yeah. I don't think they understand. They do what she does for the, the eye, the eye visibility. The exposure they want, they want that different, different crowd of eye. Oh. Oh, what, what was that number when she came out and, and kind of like support for Kamala. How many people signed up to vote? It was crazy. I saw that. Like 800,000 people registered within 24 hours. Right. Okay, man, y'all better stop. Look, y'all might not like y'all might not like her, but she's an earthquake. Yeah. 400,000. She's an earthquake. Like I said, Beyonce came from form every year.


Beyonce said, I'm good. As a matter of fact, Beyonce was at 50 with, with it. Coldplay. I think she did. I think she did a set with Coldplay at Super Bowl 50. I was there. I know she was in New Orleans. 'cause I was there. Like, and I, I've been, I've been to a couple of 'em. You know, obviously I was with, with CBS in Miami when Prince did it playing Purple Rain and it starts to rain Started raining. Yeah. Yes. And to see man, that little man can sing. That little man Not only sing, perform, He's a performer.


That's what he is. He's a performer. Hold On. And then can play every goddamn instrument, Piano, the guitar. Oh, he, all of them. Real deal. Oh man. Prince is Prince. He amazing man. When he, when he had that group, you know, look, I understand the new power generation, but when he, when he was with Wendy and Lisa, the Andre Simone, What you know about that man? Come on now. Hey, y'all that up man. Hey, Hey Prince. Prince might be the only one to be able to wear heels and get all the women, All of them Platform to get all the women. Yep.


Cat, get all the women. Yeah. Cat get all the women. Hey boy. Woo Boy. Boy. Ain't nothing like old good old cats. Who? They? The ocho? Oh yeah. Oh boy. Listen, boy, listen. Dang. Yeah, Michael, Michael was in, Michael was in 93, I think when Michael performed at the Super Bowl. I think Michael was in Pasadena. For real. Isn't that where he performed at? Because that was like the first Super Bowl I went to.


I was a baby. It was 93. I I, I didn't go to the game, but that was the first, the NFL invited me and I had stuff. I did. Yeah, I get it. I mean I, you know, like I said, I, I, I think me, I'm kind of empathetic because I know Wayne, I know him personally and Yeah, but it's tough. Like you wanna perform in front of your, you know, in your city. And like I said, I hope, I hope that Kendrick will at least bring him out. Let him do a couple of songs. That'd be live. Yeah, I think the set is only what, 20 minutes, 15 minutes?


Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. Ocho, we got over 17,000 in a chat at 4:00 AM Now it's time. We gotta do a quick, we gotta, we can't just leave you with that. We gotta do a quick q and a Competent West says salute respect to both of you brothers. Turn fifth today. Shout me out about three of those, those black Black. She, it is about to be Lynn and Irvine. You know what, man? I don't know if your heart healthy enough to, you know, to be able to support that man because, but you know, I would, I would shoot you a couple of these rubies. Yeah, yeah, Yeah man. Hey, gimme a few things.


You think Judy Garland had him in and, and what you call 'em Wizard of all the Ruby slips, boy, hey boy, they have you clacking heels together. There's no place like home. There's no place like Ho Mocho Oh bad. 2055 ocho. Is social media affecting players and how they play? No, I don't think social media's affecting players and how they play, but their performance, what social media can do. You know, if you, if you're not strong, if you don't have will and you mentally, mentally weak, but we can get to you heavy now. It gets you heavy. And I think also players these days are more focused on their brand than actually playing the goddamn game.


Yeah. Because if you play the game and you excel in between the lines, building your brand will take care of itself. I think many Players. What does your brand, what are you building the brand on? Are you winning? Thank you. Guessing? Oh, I guess my brand. My brand. So what, what, what exactly is your brand? Because football ain't a brand. The NFL already got that on lock. The NBA already got that on lock. That's the brand. N-B-A-M-L-B or NFL, they, what is your brand? What, what is it that, what is it you're trying to sell sale? I, I don't know. I'm just telling you they try, they trying to build a brand, whatever that brand may be, whatever their idea, whatever their vision is, they trying to build that before playing the game of football. But if you play the game of football and you're really good at that, the other part that you're trying to do is gonna take care of itself.


Take Care of itself. But if you ain't making no noise between the line trying to build something off the, the field ain't gonna do, ain't gonna do nothing for you. No way. Slick Mick said y'all, y'all see a future where NFL adopts some something similar to NBA where players have potential to sign Supermax to stay with the team. Yeah, I mean that's what the franchise tag was for. Yep. Because they didn't want their, their superstar quarterbacks, the elways, the merinos, the eggman to be able to leave. So that's why, that's what the f that's what the franchise tag is. It allows you to keep your best players. But I agree, that's what it should be. It should be a situation that you could sign your best players and it doesn't count against the cap.


So you get an opportunity to sign two of your best players. So let's just say Cincinnati, Joe Burrow, Joe bur Joey B and, and, and, and, and Chase. Yeah. You could sign those to what? And it don't count against the cap because that's what, because that was the last bird. You had the bird rights, you had been there for X amount of years, you got bird rights. So yes, I agree. I don't know if it's gonna happen because NFL, they, I don't know. Sheldon Pope said Ocho bring the Grow Gold grills out for Old Times Sake. He probably know those things are Yeah, I, I don't know where they are, but I'm getting ready to go get like the back, the back three, huh?


Yeah, I'm gonna get the back three 14. Kara Gold For what? They can't nobody see back there. Who gonna be in your mind back there? They'll see when, they'll see when I laugh and that I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get a little cross right here. Listen, you heard me. There will always be signs. I'm gonna leave it at, I'm gonna leave it at that. There will always Hey, there will always, the signs will be small. They'll be very subtle, but there will always be signs. Yeah. I'm gonna leave it like that, Man. Ocho you know, we got a fast turnaround to bar because we Right.


But hey Chad, I wanna thank you guys. I honestly do. Ocho and I from the bottom of our Heart Night down, How many we got in there? How many we got in there? Huh? We had seven, we got 17,000 and here it is. That's dope. After four and Chad. I just wanna say I love y'all man. I, I thank you. You know how I fall asleep by the time we get to about 12 o'clock, 1230 at night. I took a nap today, y'all up with us. I'm not sure how many people in the chat on the, on the East coast, but I really salute y'all. I I take my hat off. I, I salute you. I appreciate it. The love, the support, especially this time of night being up this late for, for me, you know, you know, it's hard 'cause soccer for me, come on at seven 30 I think Arsenal, arsenal play top them at seven 30.


I might be wrong, but I, I really appreciate y'all, man. From the bottom of my heart. Yeah, man, I look, I got a job. Anytime I got a job to do, I'm gonna do the job. I'm gonna do what I need to do to make sure. And I, that's like, I told Jordan, I said, man, look, we left round two. I said, we gotta go. I said, we got responsibility. We told the people we was gonna come on after the fight and I need to get home. And I, I wanted to beat, I wanted to beat the traffic because obviously, you know how it is that, I mean, those places, they got it all barricaded off and well, okay, you gotta go here and look my street, right? If you let me get on that right there, I'll be home right now. You gotta go all the way round later for you. So, so guys, I want to thank you.


I really do. I really, really, really, really appreciate it to stay up this late and to support us like you guys have, man, it's been unbelievable. I mean that's what, that's what makes it feel so good, Ocho. Look, we go everybody, when you start to get to a certain level, you are gonna have detractors. But we got far more supporters that rock with unc, UNC and Ocho, that rock with Club Shehe that follow me when I go to a first take. And I greatly, greatly appreciate that because none of this is possible without you guys. You guys have embraced me from the moment I set foot on, on on Fox. You guys rock with me and you guys will follow me. So I want to take my time to say thank you and I appreciate you Sometimes.


I mean, I, I know and maybe, maybe it doesn't come off like I do, but I do. I do. I appreciate the ones that have supported me, that have been there for me and even this week. I appreciate the support. I appreciate all the guys that, and people that hit me up in my phone offer words of encouragement. Thank you. Thanks for all the people that's that DM me and, and left comments. Thank you guys. I really, really appreciate that. So that means a lot to us. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Every subscriber counts, you count, you matter. Thank you for helping us get to where we got and we're gonna go even farther thanks to your support. Make sure you go check out Shea by the Portier. We have it in stock and if we, you can't find it in a state or city near you, we can ship it directly to your door. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The binger ring of Fame artery. Please make sure you follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat and tour t-shirts and had dropped last week. And as did other shirts, please go buy yours now@eightyfour.com.


The route runner extraordinaire, the binga ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro, the legendary, that's Liberty City's own. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and the spirit. Tonight, Marra defeated. Sean O'Malley took the belt by unanimous defi decision of Valentino Ko. Defeated Grosso by unanimous decision. She took the belt and Diego Lopez defeated Brian Ortega by unanimous decision. So had some good, it was great to get an opportunity to go to the spirit to see that ocho. I'll see you tomorrow after these games guys again. Thank you.


It's almost fork. Oh look, it's after four. It's after four o'clock in the morning and you guys are up with us supporting us. That's love, that's support, that's respect from the bottom of our heart. Thank you. We'll see you tomorrow. I'm up. He's Ocho. We're out. Good night. Oh, good morning. The Volume.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you're not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden and match your home blooming with floral sense, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Meyers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Vitamin Water was born in New York City because New Yorkers needed a drink that can do it all. 'cause we can do it all like walk 30 blocks and under an hour. Follow four of the city sports teams at once and spend all day in the Chinatown arcade. Drink Weidman Water. It's from New York.