
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule.


Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers.


That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.99 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Hey, When's last time you've listened to Hot? 99.5 Because we have all of the Hy Music but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa. What snap I one kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. The volume.


Yeah. Welcome to The Bubba Dub show. Yeah, hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Hopefully everybody having a, a good night, You know, just got to watching the OKC and Minnesota Timber Wolves. Go at it. Yeah. Great game tonight. Yeah, before we even get started on that game. You know how I like to do, like I say man, hit the light button. Hit scribe button. When you do, make sure you keep your notifications turned on as well though. Yeah, y'all come over here with your boy who we got on live tonight. Gonna do this shit different tonight. We got online, we got, we got Roger, Greg Christie Carter in the business. I be what it do Jeffrey? What he do? Dig it.


Take what it do Terrance. What it do? LA Life East Los. What it do? Terrance Brown. What it do I tap in right now man. Like I told y'all them goddamn youngster OKC for going get the job done And they did it just game one and Shay didn't shoot. What a damn tonight. Let's, let's just put that out there right now. The league MVP, he gonna get it. They ain't announced it yet but he going get it. The league MVPI was like 10 for 27 tonight. Had like 30, 31 points. Didn't had the best shooting game but they pulled it out. Shit had 13 points. William had 15. I'm telling you right now. Okay, see you probably looking at the, at at at the NBA champ right now.


I'm just, I know it's game one. I'm not basing basing this game off this but I'm just, I just feel like OKC gonna win it all. That's just what I feel right now. But before it Minnesota there's nothing to feel bad about. Y'all missed a lot of shots. Fun. Marco got off Bon Marco a k Julie Run got off night. He was balling ain man had some problems going on with his, with his leg, ankle, whatever the case was, he was in and out, in and out the game. He didn't really take that many sides. Julian Reynolds didn't even really take that many sides. You kind of, I can sink but, but the problem for me with this game tonight is Rudy Goldberg trash ain't walk for that.


I bet I know one goddamn damn thing. Rudy Goldberg better not take no shower after the game. You ain't do nothing Nickle 7 3 3 0.5 rebound. No ain't no damn way you took a shower. Rudy, Rudy Gold ain't no way but I just knew from the jump that KC was going in this game they was at home. Is your white guy going on and You know but M Shower came out good at first though from when I was seen Julius Randall was hitting a couple shots. McDaniels came out, hit the first two jumps in a row. It act like if OKC wasn't going even be able to hold him tonight but that died down real quickly tonight for the M So Timberman, they just gotta go back to the drawing board.


They missed a lot of shots man. They missed a lot of threes. I'm talking about a lot of threes kind of like remind you of Boston when they was shooting all them damn threes, just the Knicks. But if I'm a M so fan, I'm nothing to feel bad about. I mean KC doing well K supposed KC supposed to take care of home court. That's what they, they supposed to come out and win. That's what and they did. But that's what you have to do. You can't give Ant man them no kinda life there. A young team, this young guy is 23 years old. He's phenomenal. He's fearless. Really ain't no pressure on him right now man. He just, he just, so I I I look for your series to go six or seven games. I don't think it's just over after one game.


I just got OKC going to the final. Just overall for me, like I say, Shagan had the best game. Dart didn't really do nothing tonight. Jalen Williams, he little iffy him. He like he said he had 15 points but he just wasn't a typical Jalen win for me. He gonna have to score at least 2021 a game for them to win this series. And for Minnesota, Minnesota, Minnesota. Nas Reed didn't really do too much tonight coming off the bench. Like he gotta be more consistent. He gotta give him 15 to 18 points a night. If m so got one got any chance in this series, NAS re is the key factor for me.


We know what fucking Marco going give us. We knew, You know what Ant man gonna give us. Mike Conley had a little showing the night he come off the mill court 'cause he was missing, he showed up up. So Nas Rigg is the key for me. He gotta score at least like I say, 15, 18 points a night for them to even, You know what I'm saying? To even to even think about winning this series at all. But y'all talk to me what y'all think? I just think it was a good game. I mean, You know, it's like a boring at first but okay see one, they pull it out. Let's, let's see, let's see, let's see a game, two adjustments for Minnesota because this is all about adjustments right now. Or they going let Shay continue to do get to the paint even though he wasn't making his layups.


Like I say, he shot the ball tur because they or You know they gets gonna let everybody else get theirs and and just stop shape. But nevertheless I feel like men Sugar Timber whips, they'll put a game playing together but they just missed a lot of shots tonight. I mean a lot of freaking threes and You know me, you can't win shooting all 'EM three. I think they was like 15 to 50 tonight. It's like it's some stat line. It's crazy. It's how many threes they shot but they just wasn't it for me. Who you got the March tear from? I don't know y'all. I don't know. Like it's one game. Let's see, I'm gonna think I can say of y'all tonight though, the good thing about this, it's going to be a new NBA champion this year.


Whether it's Minnesota, whether it's OKC, whether it's the Pacers or whether it's the Knicks, somebody's going, it is going to be a new champion And that's the great thing about this here, here that I like and I'm just super excited about this shit gonna, the cool, I know my Lakers I know gonna siren motherfuckers and can't get past the first round and, but who he is right now man y'all talk to me. Who y'all got, I mean who y'all got gonna be the Western Conference? MVP You know just one game but we're predicting this shit. Who y'all got the Western conference? MVP and who? Y'all got the Eastern Conference? MVP coming 9 82 series. Let me know who y'all got. It's either gonna be our, one of them two going to win it for whoever team.


Whoever win next, next game tomorrow night we got the Knicks. Got the Pacers. This gonna be must see TV right here. This gonna be one of them games where you just gotta sit back and watch Nick's on a run right now with Brons and Enobi. You got Mackay Bridges over there. You got CAG over there right now. You know you got all this Love the stars behind them and Pacers. They got Holper and they got Hollow person, they got Psych, they got Mike LPs and that's it. They ain't, You know what I'm saying? Ain't nobody there from me got Caitlyn Clark maybe but they ain't really got nothing else over there and goddamn Indiana. So for Indiana to be where he at right now, it's a great thing. It's a great look for the NBA. Goddamn. I can't wait to tune.


Why Richard Miller? Big ear ass gonna be in the tennis Spike V going be in the tender. God damn we got five works coming tomorrow night and I can't wait. Who? Who, what? What I'm expecting tomorrow night I'm expecting Jaylen Bronson to do what he do. I'm thinking Jaylen Bronson gonna come out first game Easter come final might gimme 35, Jaylen Bronson give you 35 Can Kat your big soft as gotta gimme 24 Jaylen Broon come out and get 35 and Kat got 24. They will win. That's all I'm saying. But you gotta want it at this point. You gotta fucking want it.


I'm burden, I'm I'm, I'm in the bed right now with four white girls too. Don't you think Halliburton ain't got him because he got him. If I'm Tyrese Halliburton, I'm in the bed right now before five goddamn. Becky you I wake up in the morning, I don't be ready to go ready to leave the truth. You can't be no league on the court. You can't leave your own house. Go about it. Holler bread tomorrow we gonna know what Hall bread we gonna see And that's the good thing about this guy. This guy might have five points, 18 assists, no turnovers or he might come out with 26 points, 15 assists, no turnover like tyre's.


Holton is really like that. His shot ugly dental no motherfucker. I ain't never, I know I thought my shot was that Tyres, Hoberg shot is terrible but that shit be going in. Him and psych come over girl. People from color that they got coming off the men and shit like this gonna be a great series. Y'all like You know you got the Fat Joes, you Tracy Morgan, the Chris Rocks, the the Denzel when he's attending you got the rappers all up. You got Jim Jones, them and that motherfucker. Man I mean you got Joey back as you got ppo man you got everybody at the Knick game man and this pacer game man they ain't got, they ain't got, ain't got, ain't got got that they, You know they got Mike ELs for him.


That's it. They ain't ain't anybody else from Indiana that that's star quality like that beside Mike El. Mike the only one that's holding it down out there man. Teague if he pop up to the game and shit but that's about all they got. They ain't got nothing now. So I think this is great for the market of Indiana man really great young guns too. Ain't that some shit. It's like the young guns taking over. It's like everybody out like the people that we like was like LeBron the Curry Duran like they ain't, they ain't thinking about that ass no more. It's a new, this the new, it's the new gun show right now. You got the Ant man shades the Jalen Bros and the Tyrese Hall Burtons like these young men is trying to make a name for they self.


And that's the great thing about it, about this right now it's it's, it's a young man game at the end of the day and shit, I'm excited to watch this shit. I don't know about y'all but I'm super excited. Went back home this weekend, checked on some of my folks, a couple of my family members starting business and shit. My little cousin got a candle business but every goddamn candle smell like a black and mild nigga. I don't want my house smell like no damn blacks. Now I wanna support you. I won't support my family friends or whatever it is. But nigga I don't want no goddamn candle that smell like black of mouth. I broke up with a female once my phone.


This bitch smokey, she was bad too on green. I you, I'm talking of my bad nigga. Talk about your motherfucking bad nigga. I was taking her daddy to work. You ain't got no time. You gotta be at work five 30. I'll be here at four 30. That's how bad his dog was when you tall. But the bitch smoke black. I can't do nothing with, I don't care who it could be. Rihanna, I can't do nothing with now woman that smoke black or mild. That that that that ain't sexy. I'm laying up in the motherfucking bed we we drinking done Julio all of a sudden she holler above five one of them blacks. Yeah not fired up no goddamn black with you.


Shit I followed this ZI followed this Z with you black up, no smoking no goddamn black. Anything about to smoke black it it, it's crazy. You got my black and mild niggas on here right now. Come on. Dope up nigga. I smoke the blacks too man. I smoke the wine kind. I don't give a damn what kind you smoke? I don't want my woman smoking no goddamn black. I don't want my woman smoking no goddamn cigarettes either Me hang up in the bed feeling nah I'm trying to get my and you smelling like Newport. No make no damn sense to me man.


Too much shit going on the damn diggy shit still going on eating. They just dragging, dragging this shit now they dragging this shit on digging now they ain't showed us not one motherfucker that's been trafficked wherever they said that y'all said y'all got man being in jail eight motherfucking months great everywhere do you hear that great everywhere. All our people they say when when when Pete did it go back to his say he look like Virgil Thib, they say a man look like Virgil Ths, they ain't showed her shit.


All they keeps telling us and showing her is that same old tape when he attacked that girl. And we know that and and that bounce done done time for that too. If you ask me that baster done time for sneakers up behind that girl like he was a goddamn leopard and she was an antelope. He ambu he did. Now he been in jail 8, 7, 8 months. That's time sir. Now where's the traffic people at? Where's the men that he trafficked at? Because he god damnit, they say he trapped only people ine is the women. Where's the Niles? You know I ain't the smartest man in the world but if he played cash against 20 million, what he pay them Niles.


This is what I wanna know because them niggas ain't saying shit and I don't think about that. They ain't showed us no evidence of this man trafficking. Nobody man. All they showed was him with trafficking was baby oil and D do he guilty of that niggas free mama say it's free sister say free boy freak. But where's the people that y'all say do traffick? Them the ones who need love and and and care right now y'all don't give a damn about them. Y'all just want to ridicule and sabotage this man even though he brought it on his himself. But where's the people that he hurt beside Cat?


Whoa what Shit he got kid going up and now testifying saying this man done blew up his car. Man stop. I don't think y'all understand what's going on tonight Chad. We been bamboozled. There's so much other shit going on in the world beside P Diggy and his bullshit ass freak outs. There's so much other shit going on in the world that we could be dealing with that we are not motherfuckers trying to start me family members.


How they start me? Y'all do a fake kidnapping on me? Yeah nigga. Yeah you come over your mama. A nigga better have that money nigga. Fuck mama. I ain't going down there. Y'all wanna take walk up? I'm not going. That shit don't scare me. You gonna do something to my family member? What you, you bad some bitch You know and they see where you be at. I'll put you, I'll put, I'll put a nigga in jail on his birthday.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month and Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay.


Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen.


What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Nigga telling me I ain't even got money like that yet. Y'all come on man, I'm y'all don't even let me get nowhere before y'all want to store me. I ain't talking about they want 50 grand now. I wouldn't give 50 grand for my own damn self. 50 grand man y'all get off the gas, get off the get off the gas and get your ass to somebody and job and work. A lot of niggas don't want it man. I'm telling y'all a lot of us niggas don't want it. We wanna talk about it because we see it and our people around us talk about it.


But most people, most of them, these niggas don't want it. They want them to want you to give it to them. You gonna work, you gonna work, you'll steal. You ain't, if you're steal, you're going to jail. Y'all sometimes folks don't apply they self man, they sit back, cry, cry with wolf, put everything they gagg. No and and and excuses man. It's just they about I ain't got this and that If I've just been her I would've had this if I've went there, I did that, You know I almost went pro. Yeah I almost went pro but my mama got sick and shit and You know I had to quit. You know I couldn't go to school. I had to be there with her and nigga you lying but you didn't want it.


You didn't want it. You couldn't read both. What? You couldn't read it right. You were cold as a motherfucker. You could put the ball in the basket and I dunk it through the leg. You could do all that but when you time to read them goddamn English books, you couldn't do it. You got the game on the court down. But you gotta have the dang off the court down too. And that's, that's what's going on with a lot of us brothers in this game today. We all it, we up God damnit, we doing what we supposed to be doing every, all the money coming but God damnit we ain't got this. We ain't educated, we ain't got the right people around us to tell us to do this and do that.


No we don't give a damn 'cause we the boss, we man now we call all the goddamn shots all but when the same started marching in that's when you wanna try to get right. Neil ain't no different between these ho he holds a shit back and call you ugly. Are you? Ain't my type all day long. Soon as your ass get that paper, get that standards your hands so no you want to act like you better than me Bitch you bitch you even man with just two. We ain't stopping Joe's two over there. You just stay posting it. I only difference, I'm posting my god sloppy Joe lay potato chips.


You know what I'm saying? What them fine hoes. Y'all be thinking that's outta y'all league. Them holes ain't even in your league man. So chase your, your purpose can't chase no ho don't chase the money, you chase your purpose, all that what you want but come with it. But you gotta be focused. You gotta be locked into what's going on man. It's okay to still be cool with your people who doing what they do but do that shit from a, I'm telling y'all some real shit every night man Pastor some shit to piss me off Earlier I was at a store, a ugly motherfucker and I sneezed.


Nigga was loud. Them motherfucker too. Not only was I starter, goddammit, I was disturbed too. How you gonna be a ugly motherfucker and sneeze loud just scared the fuck out of me. And when I looked at the nigga that shit, that shit just done something to me man just, it just, it just rub disturbed me man Rubbed me wrong god damn weight. Lot of shit. I'm getting old and now a lot of shit pissing me off now man. People not using they turn signals. God damnit you making a left turn, you supposed to turn your turn signal on D motherfucker. I ain't turning nothing on. They get whipping up in the motherfucker so You know me, I'm already big on they gin, You know what I'm saying? I whip up behind the motherfucker and pull up beside the motherfucking honk the horn nigga.


Yeah nigga rolled down the window, nigga rolled down that window Nick and that nigga rolled out that goddamn window. I swear to god that some bitch had muscles up and I no that nigga cut up boy. I asked that nigga did he wanna become a Muslim, shit I'm a brother, shit other a nation. That's not all. It was my good brother Beloved. I shit I hurried up and got right if I ain't gonna lie, at first I was going, You know what I'm saying, gonna talk a little shit with Woo. I start seeing how many muscles that nigga had and shit. I knew I wasn't gonna win though so shit, I went ahead and plead the fifth on that one like shit bro.


You know what I'm saying? You wanna get your skin smooth and shit. Come over here with us brothers. Some bean pies got some shit in it that make all they face smooth. That's why I joined the Muslim, my face smooth motherfucker boy on. So I just, y'all work on this little mustache and shit. Little piece F shit on my face with the brothers but gimme about two months all this shit gonna be full. Yeah one thing about the Muslim boy, they can grow that face with her and that's the reason why I joined. Yeah you gotta join and that and for protection because when you, when you, when you with the brothers you don't take a ass whooping you a man man don't take your ass whooping. We give 'em out. So yeah, I got the brothers with me right now and hey and them good smooth skin motherfucker skin type now they all about peace.


It's what they claim. See them, see them Muslims, they about peace. But this good Christian money make them motherfuckers motherfucker This good Christian money make a goddamn Muslim move for me and I love, I ain't trying to start no religious war, nothing. I'm just saying this good Christian money I got that I'm giving my good Muslim friend. I don't have no problems. I have Z problems when you talking to me, God you you, you better, you better, you better like you really, you in vence of me because brother came or put something on your way and I can't stop him either.


Oh I can't stop him Once he gets started I can't stop him. Y'all think I'm laughing. I'm not bullshitting with y'all. I'm being real. Shit. Find out you fucking around find out telling you the truth. How falls out? What do nigga say? Money you brush you. Damn right. Yeah. Cowboy brush eagles. We ain't even on the eagle's level man. I'm a cowboy fan. Keep a book. We not on the Eagles level. Like stop comparing us to the Eagles man. Like we ain't on their level right now man. We just gonna come out this season. Hopefully we can stay here throughout the season. Maybe we can sneak into the playoffs. That's the plan.


But, but before it's putting us up there with the Eagles. Stop it. They defending Champs man. Oh man. We ain't, we ain't there yet bro, bro. Like even though Dak Macon top quarterback money, you gonna have to show it man. Like nigga win us a game nigga like, like just wing us a playoff game dog. I'm, I'm tired of losing as a cowboy fan man. I'm tired of buying barbecue. I'm tired of buying meat and barbecuing and we losing man. I'm tired of buying beer and we lose it. I'm tired of buying liquor and we lose. I'm tired of buying family and friends over and they opposing team and they winning half of a cowboy fan sucks man.


It do. Like, I don't know how much I can take. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna stick with my team though man. Like through the rain, through the mud, through, through it all man. But this is, this shit whacked dog shit. Whack man. Everybody in fucking team win. Why I can't win man? Why am I running back? Can't hit the hole. When he, when he fell. Why that can't hit lamb over the middle when he open but he won't wait until a motherfucker on his arm and throw it. A whole lot of why man, why God, why Father God you a good guy man.


You a great God man. Why my team got to suffer? Huh? Why my girl got to keep giving hell her job. Like why can't she skip play and go to the next girl? Why you always gotta be my girl man? What I do? What I do? Why my family won't store me? I don't why my coworkers at my job don't like me 'cause I snitch. They ain't got no business breaking the rules father. God. They don't break the rules.


They won't get fired. They know they don't supposed to be smoking on break, lunch break. God they, they, they, they know they don't supposed to be smoking on lunch, break in they cars. That's what they do. My coworker they smoke on lunch, break in they car and they pop pills. That's what they do. I don't know. I try to be a good guy, You know I, but I love calling the cops on motherfuckers man like that just, this does something to excites me man. I get a hard on calling the motherfucking cops man because people are rude. People are evil people are make you cry.


I'm a grown man. I made a man made me cry man. But the best revenge ever was seeing him getting put in that cop car. Like that's the best revenge ever. Like he was so mean and vicious and wanting to attack me. But when the boys get there he gonna have the same he it is not, it's not the same energy. It is, it is. It's as if I I I wasn't gonna do nothing now nigga you was. You told me you gonna make a sound by me. That's what you told me. I got it out on tape nigga I recorded it. But now boys got you. You ain't wanna do all that.


You don't think I'm gonna give a police this tape nigga? Huh? You don't think I'm gonna give these boys and blue this tape? Shit I could do it. See in my heart, in my heart gotta do this shit. I talked to Floyd the other day. Floyd told me tell y'all God damnit he suing for hundred million for Defamation C Y'all spread lives around here telling these folks I'm broke when I'm not. I'm suing. I'm the God champ. I'm the greatest, I'm the greatest.


I beat Floyd May I beat him Now y'all talk to Champ. We're gonna go out like that. Hey y'all forgot I'm just telling you what? Champ talked to me and told hey y'all, I'm I got jewelry than you. I got holes and all y'all ain't gonna fit. No I got the pallets of, I got the White House in hand. I got the buildings in New York. I said but I say is real.


I say when we store cutting other people pockets, who gives a damn if Champ broke Now who? I don't but I know he ain't Champ said he gonna remind you motherfuckers who he's so, I'm so him Chi say he's standing on he is this inside? Yeah. You tell the world I bought fake apartment. Okay. Okay. You sure when you broke. Okay we go see, we open up the books. I done put Floyd. Y'all gonna stress Floyd out man.


Floyd said he finna let y'all see his finance. Damn. What's the world we live in Nago. We got to prove to people that we ain't broke. I wouldn't give a damn what y'all think I got? I ain't finna show you what I got. Never. That's how you put people in your business. The less they see the better because one motherfucker start knowing you getting X, Y and Z. They got they hand now. Come here, come here. Y'all know I'm telling y'all all the truth y'all man I talked the floor.


Floyd said I stretched on the phone man. Not my channel. Not my channel. When he FaceTimed me he showing diamond necklaces and and watches and calls and smiling. He was smiling now but I don't like, I don't like how y'all treating Champ. I don't like it. One bitch champ ain't done nothing to y'all champ good people. It's like people be wanting you to fall off dog like, like that's what like that I guess that's the name of the game when when you get to a certain level people wanna see you fall off man, like that shit, that shit whacked to me. I don't know none of y'all on this that's watching me but I don't pray that none of y'all fall off. I pray that y'all thrive in whatever you're doing long it's the right thing.


I pray you thriving man. I pray you wake up in the morning man and get you some bum ass head. Get you some motherfucking money. Call whatever make you feel good. I pray that you get it Nick. That's me. That's on my mind and that's on my heart. I don't wake up with no mal. Listen, hate this nigga. You know hope he don't get this and hope that she don't do that man. I don't think like that man. I think positive each and every day. Even when shit in my life don't go right even because shit, I'm human like y'all man shit don't go right for me all the time but I'm not finna get on here and be like, oh man I'm going through a tough time right now man. I hope everybody around me go through it too man. I don't want if if I'm falling off I want them to fall off If I can get this, I don't want them to get that man.


That's bullshit. If you hanging around people like that get off from round. If you hanging around people I always, I make excuses get off from round 'em cut ties with these motherfucker man. Yeah it's going to hurt but at the end of the day your pockets gonna feel a whole lot. People just come around, they gonna want shit. But to be nosy and just to be in your mix and go back and spread live, fuck. I wonder what it's like to find chill with do but you won't find out. You good talking ass nigga. You talk to God damn much. You brag. Niggas come around, they gig in your business therefore You know it. You getting robbed. You can't be a good guy. Yo. Wish the motherfucker closest to you nigga.


Telling you what God look, get your money but keep your mouth closed man. Yeah. Keeping your mind closed and staying and mind your own business will keep it. Keep you alive man. Mind your own business will keep you alive man. Real Talk. Yep. So when your girl on the phone and she tell you her home, her homegirl into her nigga don't give no don't don't give no into it baby. You hear me? Yo. I don't give a damn what they got going on over them. You can keep your motherfucking mouth closed about what I got going on over him. Motherfucker called me. Hey I'm trying to move. You think you could lend me 7,500?


Yeah you gonna let me? 7,500 Wolf and pus. Are you, are you gonna let me? 7,500 Wpu What I want it but when I got damn wound it, I want it right then. And now I want you to bring your to 75 I got you for six summer. Shit, anytime I think ahead you about to come over here. I'm like 7,500. No. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month and Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace you can face whatever is holding you back.


Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today.


Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Get a front row seat to where media marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi y'all Finn, you watching this show man You know if Rezi by the big bad prize piece nigga number one sports fantasy app in the game right now I'm real tall.


Hit that right there. Scan that. If you ain't already have scan that, use my promo code trash with the two H's. They doing something special over here this month. What they doing do they doing the three pick flex for five hours. You could do it up to five times a day. Check this out. You ain't even gotta win. What you mean you ain't even gotta win and win a prize? What's the prize you would end up going to the championship game? Yeah you and plus one. That's right. You and plus one could be at the NBA championship game this year. They so me took a Rockets in the Warriors game early this year. I said boom, I right there in action.


Real Talk. I could see the the grayness in Draymond Barry Salt and pepper come. You holler prospects for you. Boy you my promo code trash man. It's more or less on your favorite player baby. Yeah, if you can't watch The Bubba Dub Show go to Apple podcast. Go to Spotify right now man. Do me a favor 'cause I know y'all got Apple Music. I know y'all got, I know y'all got Spotify. Go download the bubble dub show right now for your boy. Man I need that. Do that for your boy. You ain't doing nothing there. You got the crib chilling. Your old lady in the bed. She laughing at me. You laughing at me and God laugh together. Let's laugh together. You know how it is now in love with a hoe.


He between loving sit then it's in love with a hoe. You know how bad I wanna leave this motherfucker but I, I'm in love with her sex and eight application for them houses AC units and them motherfuckers is the best in the world. The roofing, the roof gray Ain't no leaks, ain't no rats, ain't no r Big yard. Yeah I went and got me a John Deere goddamn damn right. Zero turn from my Mexican partner milk casting seven 50, I'm more the goddamn yours now she got me a blower or two and we, she say I'm the man now in s ain't nothing like them section.


They ho they get the best brick houses in the world. No I got two cars. I got the lawnmower shit going. You know what I'm talking about. I'm finna start trapping out this motherfucker. Once the kids come home from school it's ain't when I see a section they hold my eyes light up. I'm finna, I'm gonna run through this bitch crib come my mama and them coming over. They think I'm doing, they think I'm bling this all this whole shit. My mama and them don't even know this like bitch on section eight it's going down man we we getting over we, we up. I'm getting all this motherfucking money. We still using the EBT card. We still using her baby Dagg, child support money just it's up.


We living over here. I told bro you ain't gotta come see your kids no more bro. Just keep sending that motherfucker money. I'm gonna keep getting it buying a lottery ticket. We ain't like a motherfucker. And I got the kids real like the kid fasting over and she down like that shit ain't nothing to me. I'm I'm balling right now but the hin, I ain't gotta buy no designer shit. I I don't buy any shin. Oh man they they school clothes already bought that shit bought shoes. I got them five pair shoes. I got them some Arnold Schwarzeneggers. I got them some, some Rocky motherfucker shoes. I got them.


Denzel was from, he got gang Jordan. It ain't Jordan on the sign though. It shit it is, it is Jordan's son Marcus. Jordan do power. He on the side of the motherfucker shoe. But this going down where I'm from. I know how to get over. I'm just telling you the white folk get over. Why can't we get over? I got a pocket full of faces right now but God I go to Walmart. I'm using this EBT card. I'm the first motherfucker in line. I got four baskets. God damn right. I got the chitlins on her for my mama God damnit, You know what I'm talking about. I got this basket on her for my other little ho, You know what I'm saying because she been in the nigga pocket and shit. She be hitting like 150 a week. So I went and got the bitch some groceries this time I got some egg, some sauces, some bacon, some light bread, milk juice, water or some toilet paper and shit like that on paper towel.


You know I gonna spend 30 on a day over. You know it's all good though. I I I look out, I be over from tired to time. I get tired of You know coming on them mashed ass towel. I might wanna do it on paper towel. I wanna be, somebody can just throw away real good, You know what I'm saying? You know hand sanitizer and shit because you nigga be out here. Y'all be pissing and not shaking, not washing your hands and all that. I won't shake hands no more. I dap y'all nasty hand ass nigga because y'all niggas pissing, shitting not washing your hand playing pussy. Rolling blunts and want to shake my hand. I'm not doing all that shit dog. Your hands contaminated nigga. You gonna catch grain gang green and you No I'm not. So when y'all see y'all there's no disrespect. I'm I shaking y'all nigga's hand.


You motherfuckers nasty. Nasty hands having ass nigga. Your own dog won't even let you pig him. What makes you think I'm gonna shake your hand and your goddamn dog won't let you pig him Every time you do he oh you a nasty son. Bitch not shaking out nigga hands no more nigga ain't no disrespect. I'm telling you now I'm gonna do this. How you doing bitch nigga playing in pussy god damn want come through and serve me a 3.5 mil. It's dope funky like oh I peter a Bernie Mac man fuck Walmart man.


They change the game with that self-checkout now that motherfucker be watching too when you come through self-checkout they don't be trying to hold no conversation. Who? I like your shoes. I like your shirt bitch you just trying to see if I'm gonna scan this aga or not. But somebody else in the back stealing me go watch them. You get your good looking ass out from watching me. Let me do what I do. I ain't gonna even think I ain't even Finn steal no twist this time. Man. Motherfucker won't watch me. I got two aga motherfucking in the back stealing, brisket all this other shit. But they want talk to me. I like your haircut. Duh bitch you just trying to see if I'm gonna pay for this shit or not. I'm gonna pay for this shit.


Y'all know I ain't lying. That's what people do. That's what people do. Shit we live in right now telling y'all y'all truth was going on. He know what he saw and he's here to tell you hell Parker show in case y'all gonna know we do a hell no segment on the show. Somebody ask me something and I tell Miss hell no or not. Somebody ask me when I have a job was I did I have a perfect attendance? Hell no when I'm dead. If I got a job and when I die them motherfucker gonna replace me.


I that I do know they gonna replace old dub. So guess what? I'm not coming in when you think I'm coming in but I'm coming in. When you going to think I'm coming in, I'm that kind of employee. I get to work, I'm at work, I'm gonna do my job. I'm gonna tell on my coworker now I'm gonna go home and act like You know what I'm saying? I ain't done nothing wrong. That's me. I'm that type of coworker that, I mean I talk to my my coworker man fuck them up front. Fuck hr, fuck all of 'em. I be cussing them out. But when I'm in there with hr, when I'm in there with my boss, I'm telling them, them niggas out there ain't what for. Damn it's just me When I come out that office though man.


I told them motherfucker what's on my mind man. Yeah man fuck the motherfucker man. They know how they, they know what's up with me. They, they know but the whole time I done told on the whole motherfucker whole team, we supposed to be a team. I told them I holler them some bitch like they, they they they can go I I could really do this shit by myself bro. I don't even know how the fuck y'all paying them on the cool that's me. That's what I do. I don't know how y'all do y'all shit. But that's what I do. Somebody on here talking about HEB, I'm in HEB every motherfucker every other day. If I ain't at Walmart neighborhood I'm in HEB because they have a best cells on them sodas.


Oh them motherfucker go hard like they ain't Dr. Peppers but them motherfuckers close. I'm not bullshitting you. Them ain't Dr. Peppers but they close to it and when you get them whole cold too them ho be busing man. Real Talk. They got the best meat down there. HEB like you go to Walmart briskets $20, you go to HEB 1150 all day I'm in HEB getting out. There'd be some holes in that. Oh my god I thought I never seen you you shit. You can see me in the morning if you want to. What you playing? I'm dead ass serious.


Come come here. You see me in your hood delivering groceries, mind your motherfucking business. I'm DoorDash Thug come, I'm Mr. Run y Goddamn right. I gotta test it first. Goddamn damn right I got to test the wall but how y'all feeling so raw though man? Hey yeah, yeah Y'all sleeping on HEB. Y'all sleeping on HEB Man people be so up day going to Walmart, I'm gonna go to Kroger's and they cool pub public. They cool but ain't nothing like HEB in Texas.


That's HEB is everything. They man and I can even like they got food that you can buy and then you can eat right there in your nerve. Like man HEB got everything bro. They got every motherfucker thing you need HEB if you need some ties for your car, you got help to them. My back, they got the best motherfucker used ties ever. I love my Mexicans. That's why they call me Senior Dove. I love my motherfucking Mexicans down here in Texas. They real niggas and, and and and You know they like us. They be lying them motherfucker act like they gonna know English them some bitch is gray than English bro. Like Real Talk. They, You know what the fuck going on. You think they don't shit Jose be shit.


Jose be knowing and I fuck with the Joses now. Man I fuck all my Mexicans down here in a time man. They be showing me mad love and shit bro. I know y'all mad at me with the, with they ice shit. It was just that they was, they was giving out 1500 for illegals. And I know Mexicans ain't the only illegals. It's blacks, illegals, it's whites illegals too. But You know, You know y'all is who I thought of at first. That's all You know. I I got love for my Spanish people. I I was just trying to eat and You know we good though. We passed this shit now. Hopefully we, we, we ain't on that no more. We on some other shit because not tuning into the dub show. I broke down the, the m so game versus the OKC game.


Game one OKC took over, You know went up. They up one. Oh Ant man had some injuries. Julius Randall A k Foley, Marco had some injuries and it gets too much for them to overcome tonight being down in Oklahoma right now, the crowd is amazing. It's loud. They on the verge of going to the NBA finals. They up one oh right now and OKC gets took care of home. That's all they did. I mean, so we'll see how game two go. If you're a m so fan, there's nothing to be discouraged about. Just game one tomorrow night. Nicks pace is going down.


The rats, they travel. They gonna be in the motherfucking building. Louis down D eight DKNY, Sean, John, Al Fitz, rock, rock wear outfit. Them goddamn rats gonna be in the tender with with with the, with the Louis, with the Virgil. I know he died. The all white Timberlands goddamn rats got some motherfucker a sneaker a a sneaker collection. Not this goddamn world. It ain't a boot collection too. Nick Real Talk. I seen one of them rats had a red, had red velvet timber. I say shit, I'm talking about red velvet nickel. I'm not bullshit but y'all, y'all think I'm bullshit with y'all.


They got, they have. But now I gonna put in Tim, I saw in my own goddamn eyes and I was up there a couple of months ago, they were just saying, hey we make it to the final, we're gonna pull 'em out. Shit look like they finna pull 'em out too. Y'all gotta pay attention to what's going on. Pay attention man. Open your eyes up. People don't be dumb man. You got a bad feeling on some shit. Don't do it man. Stay focused and I know it's hard to Stay focused in this evil world that we living in. It is hard sometimes, man. We, you gotta see through the bullshit. Stop being naive man. Start listening to your, to your peoples man. When, when they're trying to tell you something man.


Especially when they're trying to tell you something right. Don't act like You know it all man. You can learn a lot from a dummy. You hear me? You can learn a lot from a dummy. Stop thinking You know everything. Start listening. Be slow to speak and and I promise you man, everything gonna work out for you. I promise you man or woman, whatever you are, keep pushing. We ain't giving up. It's Tuesday. Tomorrow Wednesday. Good lord. Let us see it today gonna matter when, if you wake up tomorrow, yesterday. Don't matter. My matter all, it's all about right now. It's what you can do now. It's what you can do now man. Can you, you could be a great person now.


Come on man. The youth need us. Your kids need you. Your family need you. Your friends need you, need you to be illegal, needs you to be great. Needs you to think better, need you to feel better. You high blood pressure having ass niggas. Take your medicine man. You know what I'm saying? Stop thinking you, You know more than the doctor. You diabetic ass nigga. Stop taking your medicine with Kool-Aid nigga. Yeah we ain't, we with Dr. Peppers and Sprites and all that shit nigga. Take it with water like you're supposed to take your medicine man. Stop playing man. 'cause God will call your ass home. I'm telling you. Take your medicine man. Take your medicine man. You can catch me fried.


I'm in Vegas. Give your, we the once come nigga come here. Right. Grab him, kick up. Come see your boy. It's gonna die. And I he see young fly bru do. Yeah, it's going down. It take come here. No, when I get on that mother thing, I'm gonna make it do what it do. Yeah, I know. Y'all been wondering duh. How you feel about this tour? Man, I feel great and I gonna show, show much motherfucking love last week. Oh my God. If you ain't seen me on stage yet, man, you're missing a treat. If you seen me last year, then you need to see me now. You need to motherfucking see me now. And I mean it stand up is meant everything to me man.


Just learning from them guys, man. And turning nigga up and coming out there and bringing that heat, bringing that motherfucking man. That shit contagious man. When I look into the crowd and I look into y'all eyes, man, y'all, y'all looking nigga, nigga that, that, that, that, that want it. I want this shit man. And that's what it takes. That's the attitude you gotta have when you want shit in life. You gotta want it. I'm gonna do whatever. I'm I I want this when you want it, man, you, you go get it. You go get it. That's my time, peace and blessing. I see y'all tomorrow after the game out. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist.


At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SP CE eight zero.


To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you.


Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.