
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You Got Straightway. He try to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's going on with you and Dana? You guys were cool Just because I wanted to start a little competition. He gets all, oh, let me scream louder. When a guy slaps his wife in public, when his mom writes a book about him saying that he's a douche, that's all I have to say. All my life, grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice, and swat all my life. I've been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, price, slice. Got the roll D all my life. I been grinding all my life.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Shar. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. The guy that's stopping by for conversation on a drink today is one of the most popular boxers of all time. He had a 16 year professional boxing career. He won 10 world titles, titles. He's the first boxer in history to win titles in six different weight classes. He won the Olympic Gold Medal in 1992. He's an a Grammy nominated singer. He once accumulated the largest pay-per-view draw ever. He generated over 700 million in pay-per-view, buys an icon, a legend, a champion, an international boxing hall of famer, an an accomplished entrepreneur. He's the first American of Mexican descent to own a national boxing promotional company.


He founded the highly successful, highly successful Golden Boy promotion. He has a statue in front of staples now's crip cryp.com arena. He's from East Los Angeles. Here he is the golden boy, Oscar De La Hoya. Thank You for having, how was that intro, Man? Great. Did I leave out anybody? That was great. That was great. That was amazing. I think, I think you have a future career announcing me everywhere I go now. So Let me, when, when, when you hear what you've been able to accomplish and, and people, 'cause everywhere you go, everybody knows who you are. Your your world renowned. Do you look back and like, damn, I really did all that the first Yeah. To win titles in six different weight classes.


Right, Right. I I I literally do have to remind myself quite a bit actually. I, I don't think about it. I don't, I I'm the type of person that I just live my life. Okay. You know, I I, I have a job at hand in front of me. I focus on that. I focus on, you know, my beautiful partner. I focus on myself, my business. It's like, I don't think about like what I accomplish. Right? But when I do talk about it, when you Did introduce me, I was like, good. Oh, Snap that. Damn. I did accomplish quite a few things, Right? Because when you hear them talk about all these other boxers, obviously we're gonna talk about Floyd, but you hear about Ray Lenner, you hear about Marvin Haggler, rester Soul. You, you hear about a lot. Manny Packy out, division Champ, if I'm not mistaken.


The only, the only, when you hear and people start talking about it, they're like, hold on, wait a minute. Now, did y'all forget about the Golden Boy? Do y'all remember what, what I've done? I don't, I don't really, I don't really tell myself that, or I really don't focus on what everybody else is talking about or who they're talking about. Okay. Like, I accomplished. You've done it quite a few things. I'm proud of it. I I realize it. I recognize it, and it's so be it. Right. You know, now I'm just me. Now I'm just focused on, you know, just living the life that I should be living and deserve to be living. You know, just being happy and, and, and, and doing some good business.


Promoting the right fights. Right. Building fighters. So, yeah. It's, but yeah, it is, it's sometimes I do have to pinch myself a bit and, and remind myself of what I accomplished. It's pretty cool. Well, it wouldn't be club she, Shea, if we didn't ask you to rank some of these fighters. So where would we put Oscar De La Hoya if we said Floyd Mayweather, Manny Pao, Bernard Hopkins, Roy Jones, Jr. Canelo Alvarez. Who else would belong belong in that in your generation? I mentioned Canelo. Okay. T Trinidad. Trinidad. Tito Whitaker, Sweet Pea. Yeah. We had all of them. Yeah. We had all the greats. I would, I would rank myself second to last.


Really? Yeah. In front of Canelo. Yeah. Why, why would, why would you put Canelo last? Because he's not better than any other fighter you just mentioned. Right. And he's certainly not better than me. Right. But here's the thing though. You look at what he's done. 1, 1 60, 1 68 light heavy. What is he? Three four division. Four division. He's a four division. Three Division. Three Division. So what, 60 68, 75. Seven Five. Yeah. Yeah. And so you got, obviously you got Floyd, Floyd, Floyd goes without saying. You got Manny Quia, who's a eight division champion.


Sure, sure. You got Bernard Hopkins. Sure. 1 60, 1 68, 1 75. Right? Right. Roy. Roy was untouchable for about a decade. Amazing. Roy was untouchable. Amazing. So you like, okay, where would you put, where would you Okay. Rank, I tell you, this is how we gonna do it. Manny Pao, Floyd Mayweather, Bernard Hopkins, Roy Jones, Jr. Rank those guys. Well, I, I fought, I fought three of those guys that you just mentioned, and, and they all beat me. So, so the key here is that I fought them and I was willing to fight them. Right. And I was, and I fought them in order to, to make history.


Right. Which, which fighters don't do today. Nowadays. No. They, they just don't. They wait till you get older. I was, I was waiting for myself to get older to fight those guys in their prime. Right. So, except for Bernard Hopkins, that was 48 years old when I fought him. But he's, he's, he's a, he's a machine. You know that, that, But you had moved up, you moved to one 60 to Fight I up to one 60 and fight him to, to make history. That's what it's all about. So I think, I think, look, Floyd Floyd is a great fighter. Obviously he's undefeated. Everybody can make an argument. Well, he's not the best. Yes, he is the best. Everybody has their opinion and that's fine. That's okay. You look at their records. Okay.


Well, maybe with this guy he lost. Maybe it was controversial. Maybe it was a close fight. Everybody has those on their records. Right. I have, I have three losses that I can't debate with Pac, because he stopped me Right. With Hopkins, because he stopped me. And, and probably who else? Shane Mosley, the first one. Right. Which was a, an epic fight at the Staple center. Now crypto arena. So those fights there. I can't, I cannot like, you know, debate with anybody that I lost. But the other fights, yeah. They're debatable. You know, you can, you can make the argument just like every other fighter that you just mentioned.


Now on the list, every fighter has, they're debatable losses and wins. Are they great? Yes. Are they the very, very best. Who knows? It's, it's a debate. Lemme ask you this. I've heard you on several occasions saying you feel that you beat Floyd in that fight. Sure. Obviously, I, that might've been one of the last fights that I've been to. I was at that fight. Okay. Why do you feel you won that fight? You, you know, when you're a fighter inside the ring, when that final bell rings, you know it in your heart, in your gut. If and physically, if you won or you lost, you just feel it.


Okay. It's, it's a sensation. And I just felt it. Right. You know, whether I was wrong or whether I'm right, I don't care. Right. It doesn't matter. I fought against the very best and Floyd Mayweather younger in his prime, just, you know, undefeated. And I was over the hill. Tons of injuries. So I was pretty proud with, with what I accomplished that night. Right. So maybe I was convincing myself that I won, but I did feel it physically and mentally that I did enough to, because I was the champion in that fight. Right. So, Remember, and normally you have to beat the champion to take His title Exactly. To take his title. So you take all those variables.


And I felt that, you know, okay. Maybe let me convince myself that I won that fight. Right. Do, do you feel, because it looked like to me, you started out flurry like the first five or six rounds. Yeah. It was you, and then all of a sudden you started to tire. Yeah. He started to come on. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Did you feel that you had done enough early and because he didn't stop you, he didn't put you down Sure. That you had one had enough points up until that. Yeah. It's, it's a 12 round fight. Correct. And you know, as an elite fighter, you're always keeping track of what you're doing every, every second, every minute. Okay. I have this round in the bag. I have this one, this one. Wait, that's, that's maybe six or seven.


Let me cruise, let me, if I get injuries, just the way I did during the fight. 'cause I had torn rotator Cuffs. Oh, you got, you rotator. You tore your rotator cuff in that fight. It's two of them. No, I Going into The fight. Going into the fight. Okay. But, you know, you start thinking, okay, wait, if I just cruise here and land a few punches, I got the first fight, the, the first half won. Right. Already. So maybe if I just win one more round, I can win the fight. Seven, five. Right. Maybe a draw. So you start thinking that. Right. And that, that can be a mistake. Or it can be a plus. And obviously that night for me, it was a big mistake. I should have just went out there and just give it my own Doubt on your shield. Yeah.


The days are warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from farmer's, dog farmer's. Dogs make fresh, real food and delivers it right to your door. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionists made from real meat and veggies and proportion just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls. Feed your dog real food with real benefits. My Pomeranian Teddy love the stuff and his coat has never looked better. If smart, healthy pet food, you can feel good about feeding your pup. And it's the best option for your dog of all life stages because it's not kibble, it's not canned. Go. It's real healthy food. And it doesn't matter if your dog is young or old. It's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food from farmer's dog.com/sheshe, plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/sheha to get 50% off. That's farmer's dog.com/shesha.


What makes Floyd so unique? Because he fought, you know, he fought Packy, he fought you. He fought Gdy. He fought corrals. He, he fought Ricky Hatton. He fought so many and all these guys. A lot of these guys had titles at the time. Sure. Or were former world Sure. Champions like yourself. Sure. What makes him so unique? His pedigree? Look, I, I'm, I'm good friends with his father. The best trainer I've ever had. Wow. By far he is. Well, except for the professor who trained me for the Chavez fight. Okay. When I beat Chavez in 1996. But Floyd Sr. Is the best trainer I've ever had. He's a teacher. And that's what Floyd Jr. Grew up with.


He grew up with a teacher who, who disciplined him to be the very, very best. And I love his patience. I love, I love the fact that he's a hard hitter and he has a chin. See, people discredit him for not having a chin. He has a chin and he has a big heart. So I think that what makes him unique is, is obviously his boxing ability. But his, his ring general ship is what does it for me. He knows how to pick his spots. He knows how to get you tired without even throwing punches. It's crazy. I mean, I can figure this out, but that's who Floyd is. And that's what made him great. But people say he don't, he don't, well, he don't have any knockouts. He doesn't have power.


Oh, he has power. He has power. He has power. I mean, he didn't hurt me, but he has power. He has a lot of power. I have a good chin. Yeah. Hackel didn't hurt me. Right. Bernard didn't hurt me. I mean, he caught me with that body shot. Right. I have a good chin. But Floyd does have power. But if you look at Floyd at the lot of weight class, he was stopping people. Oh yeah. It wasn't until he got the 1 47. 1 54. Yeah. That and then his hands. Right. He had to be, he had to be careful with his hands. 'cause the last thing you wanna do is throw a shot, break a hand. Sure. And then all of a sudden you gotta fight the length next 10, 11 rounds. Exactly. With a broken Hand. Well, I think, I think what happened with Floyd is, and, and, and this is where he played it. Smart. You know, you have to give credit where credit is due. Floyd, after he beat me, if you notice, he became money Mayweather.


Yes. Well, he became a businessman. Yes. So then now, okay, let me, let me, let me have, you know, my career, you know, the longevity of my career. I'm gonna extend it as long as possible. I'm not gonna get hit. I'm gonna throw punches and pick and choose so my career can last longer and make more money. Right. Very Smart. Had Floyd been around in the eighties and he had to fight Haggler, he had to fight Leonard. Yeah. He had to fight Hearns. Yeah. He had to fight Barkley or he, you know, just, just say some of those guys. Sure, sure. Duran Duran. You know, how would he have fared with those?


'cause all those guys Yeah. Those guys had dynamite. Yeah. Sugar Ray was a lot harder puncher than people give him credit for. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. And he had a, he had a heart of a lion. He did. How would Floyd would've fared Now, I'm not saying he'd probably go up to, because Floyd is a small man, and that's what makes it, he was so great because he's not having to drop 20, 30 pounds Sure, sure. To make 1 47. Exactly. He's probably walking around at one 50 the entire, his entire line. Oh, Yeah. He's a professional. Yes. You know, he knows how to, he knows how to stay lean Yes. And stay active and, and always in the gym. And, and, you know, and, and fighters and kids who wanna become champions should emulate exactly what Floyd did inside the ring, inside the gym. And you ask me the question about the eighties and the, the, the, the, the four Kings, right?


Yes. Duran and Hearns and Haggler and Leonard. It would've been quite interesting. I, I would've, I would've probably called it the Five Kings. You know, he, he's that worthy of, of fighting those guys and making great fights. Everybody had their own unique style. Yes. Duran was a beast. Yes. Haggler was a beast. Yes. Sugar Ray Leonard was a beast. I mean, Hearns and either one had their own, you know, attributes. Whether it was a right hand from Hearns punches and bunches from Duran, who would just eat you alive. And sugar Ray Leonard just had it all. Right. So, I don't know. It's, it's, it's hard to say whether he would've won or lost, but I think being in the mix would've made it just, I mean, that much more exciting Because back then, as you said, after he fought you, he became more of a businessman.


But back then, there was no, you had to fight. You know, if you go back and look at the seventies and eighties with the heavyweight, Norton had to fight Ali, Ali had to fight Frazier. Sure. Frazier had to fight foreman him. Sure. Foreman had to fight, so forth, so forth and so on. Yes. And so there was no situation, there was no business. And he came along at the, the, the great time. Right. Not to discredit him, because he's historically, he's transcendently great. Sure. But in that era, there was no businessman like Floyd turned out to be during that era. So he'd have had to fight. Well, look what, what people don't understand and know, or maybe forget, I promoted Floyd's 16 fights roughly when Wow. When we were building him.


You know, he was under Golden Boy Promotions, and obviously I own Golden Boy Promotions. Right. Was that at the top rank? That was right after Top Rank. Okay. And so we, we got him the Ricky Hand fight. We, we, we positioned him to fight, you know, Juan Manuel Marquez Canelo, who actually I told Canelo, do not fight Floyd because you're too young. You have no experience. Right. Well, I'm, but he's a much bigger man. He, that's what he's, No, he is, but he's 21 years old, flexing his muscles. Like I can take on Floyd. I'm the very best. Guess what? You got schooled. You got schooled, Pissed the shut up.


Exactly. I mean, it wasn't even close. So, so my point is, Floyd played his cards right. If, if there was, if, if there was ever a winner in Las Vegas, it's Floyd, it's Floyd. Lemme ask you a question. Why didn't you guys have a rematch? You and Floyd? Why didn't we have a rematch? Well,


this Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, Buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours. If you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether You're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's something that the world doesn't know. And I'm gonna actually say it now. We had a rematch for a year. Contractually, guess what Floyd did? He retired for a year and one day let the contract expire. And I was asked out. That's it. Had you had the rematch, do you felt you could have avenged? What happened earlier? No, No. My body was breaking down. My body was, was over it. That was, that was the final, yeah, that was the last straw. It was, I felt it in the seventh, eighth round where my, because my jab is my weapon.


Right. That's, I mean, I throw my jab and nobody can beat me. Right. And I just, yeah. I just couldn't throw it. And so it was over. My body was breaking down. I fought Pacquiao and I was a dead man walking. I walked inside the ring and I, my legs were shaking and I was like, please just knock me out. Just stop me right here. Really? Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. Well, if Oscar, if you know, your body is breaking down, you know, you're not the fighter that you once were. Why take a fight with Pac out when you know he's a dangerous man? Because I dare to be great. I always dared to be great. You had already had that Oscar. I want some more. You and Floyd fought on, if I'm not mistaken, it was Cinco, it was Cinco de Mayo weekend.


Cinco Mayo. Yeah. When you saw him come out there with this Mexican girl, what, what were you thinking? I was thinking, wait, the hat's on backwards. At least put it on. Right, right. You know. No, it was appropriate. I I was just thinking at that time, man, I wanna knock his ass out. Right. You know? Right. Because I'm, I'm a competitor. Right. But then you think, 'cause I'm a businessman too. I, I started Golden Boy Promotions way before I even finished fighting. Correct. So I was already thinking, wow, what a genius. That's a great marketing tool there. And sure enough, sure enough, Floyd was built to be the villain. Floyd was built with his opponents that we put in front of him, you know, from Miguel Koto to, you know, to everybody.


He was the villain. And in the movie, you need the hero and the villain. And Floyd was the perfect villain. You know, people, people love to hate him. And guess what? He made a whole career about it. And, and he's one of the greatest, Do you think people tuned in to watch greatness or tuned in to watch him lose A lot of people tuned in to watch him lose, but a lot of people also tuned in to watch greatness. Do they real, do people do, I'm, I know the purest box, the purest like yourself, people that's been around the, the boxing game, the fight game for an extended period of time. They understand who he is. Sure. But do you think the casual, the lay person realize how great he is?


I don't think so. I, I don't think so. It's, it's, it's what happens, what happens is that we don't realize how wonderful of a person that individual is, or what great of an athlete that person is until they may be past or until it's until they're old. You know, we don't realize. We don't, we don't, we don't tend to do the, the research, you know, and, and, and, and, and study the careers and, and, and, and, and label him as, as a great one or, you know, it's, it's just Yeah. It's, it's till the end, obviously. And, and I, I, I think that Floyd Mayweather is just a great, great fighter.


He's, he, he, he is, he's one of the best. I think the thing that what makes him so unique is that he didn't hang on too long. A lot of the great fighters Yeah. They hang on too long. Sure. They fight these young lions and then they, and then it somehow, one or two losses diminish the greatness that we saw for over a decade. Sure. And Floyd never succumbeded to that. Right. Which is smart. Which is great. I mean, he didn't get hit much in, in, in, in his career. Right. In the amateurs, in the pros. And, and he did it smart. He played it smart. That's, and that's what it's all about. It is. The business is great, you know, but it, it, it wasn't my, it wasn't my cup of tea.


Right. My cup of tea was you fight everybody in their prime, in their peak. You fight against the best and guess what you're going to, the chances are of losing are, are pretty great because you're fighting other great fighters. Right. And that was my position. That was my mentality going into every single fight. I I, I signed for, you know, with Floyd, you can make, you can make the argument, well, okay, this guy was, he should have fought him two years prior. He should have fought him earlier. Maybe he caught him when he was older. You can make the argument. But at the end of the day, when you watch the skills inside the ring, it's, it's, it's undeniable. It's just different. Yeah. It's undeniable. Had you had, because you had Floyd Senior, was your trainer up until you got ready to fight, fight Floyd?


If I'm not mistaken. Correct. Sure. Had you had senior in your corner fighting junior, do you think you win that fight? Knock him Out. I'll knock him out. I would knock him out. Really? Absolutely. If I was one year younger and had senior in my corner, I would knock him out. Really Senior was that good of a trainer? You have that much confidence in your ability. You would've done something that No, man. I mean he, I mean, I've only seen Floyd take really maybe a handful of solid punches. Sure. And you feel you are gonna be able to put together a package Oh yeah. To knock Floyd. Absolutely. And you know what the key was.


And the key is to that style, there's a jab. Opens up all the doors. When my jab failed me, it was over. I knew it in my heart, in my head. I knew it was over. Floyd was coming after me. 'cause he closes the show. He knows how to reserve his energies and his gas tank to close the show at the end. And I'll tell you a story that nobody knows. We were negotiating to fight Floyd again after the contract expired. And I started negotiating with Floyd's father to train me to beat his son. He wanted too much money. And I just said, you know what, aside from the money, okay, I understand that it's a lot of money that I have to pay you, so I'm gonna pass.


But aside from that, morally, I think I just thought it was wrong. Right. You know, his father being in this corner Right. Beating, because I think at the time they were having a little, you know, they were little, some little issue. You know, it happens in every family. Yes. It happens in every family. So I said, you know what, no, I can't do this. I I cannot do this. To, to a family who has been in the business for a very long time. I don't know how many generations Dad, his uncle fought Roger, His uncle Roger. His, his, his, I think his other uncle Jeff, who I fought. So yeah. They, I mean, boxing runs in their blood. And I, so I just couldn't do that to them. And we didn't make the fight. Ow, Mayweather, what would've been different had they fought, let's just say five years earlier?


Because everybody believed all the, they wanted that fight. We had been clamoring for that fight. Yeah. For five, 10 years. Had they fought five years earlier, is the outcome any different? Let's just say it would've probably been a controversial decision. Okay. You know, like a, a closer fight. But I still think that Floyd Brady probably would've pulled it off. I really do think so. Pacquiao at the time when he was coming up, when I fought him, he was, he was literally a Pacman. Right. He was just chomping at me like, there's no tomorrow. Right. He wouldn't stop. He wouldn't stop throwing punches. That Pacquiao probably gives Pa Mayweather a better fight.


Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if he wins, but he gives him a better fight. Right. Yeah. And so you feel this fight happened a couple years, a little Too late. You know, you wanna see, you wanna see a back and forth and you wanna see, you know, evenly matched on paper when we saw it live. Yeah. I mean, as, as a fighter myself, I know exactly what's going on with the fighters mentally and physically. And Pao wasn't the same. And you, you can make the argument for Floyd as well. Right. You know, at on, at their peak. Yeah. I still think that Floyd would've, would've, would've won the fight When you fought Pacquiao. I think you they they stopped the fight.


Yeah. In the eighth round. I didn't come out for the ninth. Yeah. You, you didn't come out. You're right. You didn't come out. That had to be because Mexican fighters, you guys are prideful. Yeah. You guys are down that shield and you are that, you know, when we talk about Mexican fighters, we know they're tough. Sure. We know they're fearless and they don't fear any, they don't, they'll walk through hell Yeah. For a fight if they need to. Right. For you to not get up off that stool and take that bail in the night. What was going through your mind at that time, Oscar? Well, what happened in that fight? I mean, I was a zombie. I was drained. I, I think I, I had fought Bernard Hopkins at 1 60 60 and then I said, let me, let me dare to be great again and fight this young kid who they're talking about at 1 47.


Oh. I literally waited 1 44 for that fight. And I, I was just too much. I was a skeleton. It was too much. So I knew in my high, in my head that it, it was, it was over for me. The first round happened, he punched me. I couldn't throw back. My, my instincts weren't there. My, my fast twitch muscles weren't there. And every single round, every single round, if you watch my documentary that came out on HBO called the Golden Boy, it explains to you what I was thinking, what I was feeling. I literally wanted to die in that ring in the eighth round. Everybody was gonna stop it. Okay. Or the seventh round, one of those rounds, everybody wanted to stop it, including the referee, the trainer.


And I said, no, I want one more. 'cause in my head I was thinking, if he punches me, maybe I won't, I won't wake up. You Know? Were there some other things going on that you wanted to die in the ring? Of course, I wanted my whole life to die. The whole life that I was living at the time. You know, having to go through rehabs, having to go through, you know, all this Fame and money and women and this and that. It was just overwhelming. And now I can't perform. Now I don't have the last thing that I love that I worked so hard for. I don't have it anymore. Right. So, just ended here in the middle of the ring, just punched me so I can die.


Right. Wow. So did you underestimate Manny, did you understand what he was I think he moved up from what, 1 1 0 6 to one 12. Yeah. And had blown through everybody. 22, 30, 35, 40, 47. So you didn't underestimate him. You knew what he, he got Pacman that name for, he got that name for a reason. Oh yeah. I, I underestimated him. But it didn't matter. Even if I, even if I, I, I was, I was a dead man walking. I was, I, I couldn't, I couldn't Perform. Why'd not take the fight at 54? I, I don't think they would've done it. 'cause he was com like you said, he was coming up and weight. It was probably too much at the time.


But even at 54, he probably still would've no shame in my game. Shane Moseley. So Shane, you, you fought Shane Moseley. Like you said, there's one thing they can't say about you or, I mean, people might say a lot of different things about you and, but they can't say that you ducked anybody. No, no, no. You fought Shane. No, I fought Shane when nobody wanted to fight Shane. No, No, no. That was a hell of a fight. It was, it Was. What made Shane unique? Well, I've known Shane since we were kids. And you know, him beating everybody labeled as like Sugar Ray Ro Robinson.


Not Ray Leonard, sugar, Ray Robinson. 'cause he had dynamized. He was amazing. And he can punch. Yes. But we grew up together and I think we fought twice. I think he beat me twice. Right. Or I was one in one. So I knew what I was up, up against. You know, I knew why people didn't wanna fight him. Right. So I said, you know what, why not, come on, let's go. Let's dare to be great again. So Staples Center, it was the first fight ever. We opened it up for the Staples Center there. East la He's from Pomona. Yeah. He's from Pomona. Duke. Kelly Keys. Exactly. I mean, it was Shannon. It was like the Oscars. Wow. It was crazy. And I mean, I was like in, I was starstruck just watching everybody in between rounds.


Like, who's there, who's there? It was ama It was incredible. And I'm just happy that it was a great fight. It was a, an amazing fight. Yeah. I'm sad that I lost, but it was a great fight. In 1997, at the age of 24, you had five title fights in one year. Yeah. You beat Miguel gon Gonzalez. Gonzalez. Yeah. Yeah. Sweet P Yeah. Ka Camacho. Yep. Wil Ra. Yep. Yep. Will we ever see a fight or fight five fights in one year? Again? Five. Forget, forget. I ain't saying no, we are not gonna see title fight. Sure. But will we see a boxer fight five times in one season?


At at The elite? At your, at The elite Level? Yeah. At the elite level. No. No. We won't see it. We won't see it. It's one thing about boxing that's taken place over the years, and maybe it's the Floyd effect. Who knows? They, they, they now think business first. Okay. You know, and that's a big problem. It's a big problem. Fights are not being made because everybody wants to get, you know, the big chunk of the pie. The biggest of course. So there's not enough money to go around. So guess what? Let me fight this. Let me fight this guy who is gonna cost me a pennies on the dollar instead of fighting Benavides. You know, who, who equally should share the purse with Canelo?


Or maybe 60 40. Give him 60 40 of course. But you can't give him maybe 20, 70 30. You can't give him 10 20. I mean, come on. It's not fair. Right. Yeah. It's not gonna happen ever again. I think I wish it would, but it's, it's, it's just hard to make those fights happen because of the business. So like, when you, like you are a promoter and you're trying to put fights together. When you go to your fighter, you are like, okay, this is a fight that I think we can make happen. Yeah. I think the split should probably be 55, 45, 60 40. What do you think about that? You take it to the guy. Sure. And, and you know, y'all bounce ideas off of each other. Is that how it works? Yeah. I mean, it, it all depends on the opponent.


It depends on, you know, how long he's been champion. Is he undefeated? Right? Does he have a fan base? See, that's important. A lot of fighters today think that they're superstars because they have a world title. But guess what? They can't sell a seat, which is a big problem.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the Stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders, you'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You know? Yeah. Once we get the right, once we get the fees from television, we have to sell tickets, sponsors this that pay-per-view. Well, guess what? Maybe because you don't sell, I'll give you a salary. Maybe I'll give you a a a a flat fee. Right. And it's gonna be the biggest purse of your life, but you are not quite ready to be to, to, to, to make those pay-per-view dollars, you know, To, to a headline. So that is that what 'cause I, I think you are right. Because I think a lot of guys are like, they're more concerned with being undefeated Yeah. Than taking a big fight. Yeah. Because Oscar, all things being equal, I can't blame him. If I can fight this, I, if I can fight fighter B Sure. And make 15 million and I know I can beat him.


Well, there's a 90% chance I can beat him. Sure. Why would I fight fighter a for 20 million Sure. When there's a, with his 50 50. Sure. Well, look, fir, first of all, the problem is that fighters are thinking they're gonna make $15 million. I just threw it, I just threw that number. Yeah, No, but, but that, that's a perfect example. Fighters have to realize their their own worth and they create their own worth. Yes. The promoter knows how to navigate your career and get you the right wins and position you to become a world champion. But it's up to you to sell yourselves. Right. It's up. Look at Floyd. Look at, look at, look at Ryan Garcia. Look at these fighters like Canelo, who, who have skills, who fight hard.


But at the same time they have that a huge fan base because they're working it outside the ring. Right. But the thing is, Oscar people wanna see knockouts. Oh yeah. People don't wanna see, don't don't want to go to the cards. Oh yeah. And too many guys keep going to the cards and Yeah. You might be 20 and Oh, but your fights are boring if you're not knocking people down. Sure. If you're not putting people out, yeah. People are not gonna pay their hard earned money on a pay-per-view. Or to go to a fight. I'll give you a perfect example of, of a young fighter right now in that position. Shakur Stevenson, the greatest fighter I've ever seen. Beautiful style. Yes. Great technique. Has the punching power has the chin, but he needs the confidence to fight.


He has to believe in himself to put on a good show and sell seats. That's the problem he's having. He's not selling seats. He's a great fighter. He's demanding all this money and fights are not, not being made. But in order to be a great fighter and to put people out, you have to be willing to take a chance. You have to. Because if you throw a punch, you can't block like, and throw the punch. Well, so you subject yourself to something coming back. Yeah. Is he afraid of taking chance? Is he afraid of receiving something that's coming back when he throws? Well, Yeah, there's, there's a saying. What is it scared for losing or, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's true. I mean, look, fighting, there's a stigma in boxing. Like, if you lose your owe, it's over.


Right? Your career's over. Yeah. No, it's not. It depends how you fight. You can be an undefeated fighter and not be a fighter and not be an attraction and not be a a a guy who everybody wants to see. It's all depends on how you perform. And you're as good as your last fight in boxing. If you have a fight, like let's say Jaime Mgi and Canelo. Right. Jaime lost. Okay. Well, his comeback fight, if he chooses the right opponent and he looks like a million dollars and he knocks him out, well guess what? He's back. He's probably even bigger than, than, than when he fought Canelo. So it's, it's all strategy, it's all how you perform inside the ring.


You made a lot of money. So what was some of the first, what, like being from East LA you grew up, how you grew up when you got that big payday, what was the first thing Oscar bought? Wow, man. I was, I was 1918 that came out of the Olympic Games in 1992. I bought my, I bought a home for my, for my parents. Okay. For my mom, for my dad. Okay. Yeah. For my dad. I bought a home for my dad. And, and then, let's see, I, wow. Yeah. That was the big thing I bought. That was it. Yeah. For my Dad. You didn't buy anything for yourself? No, No. I'm not, I wasn't really a big spender. I wasn't really, I'm not into cars.


I'm not, you know, it's like, I kind of think maybe that's why I kept all my money. So, But you like to gamble Used to I like here and there. Right here And there. You don't gamble as much as No, I Don't. I don't, I don't. I I mean, I'll play within, if I don't feel good, then I'll stop and I won't play. And I don't, I'm not What's your game of choice? I'll do ba rat and dice. Right. But I'll play maybe once every six, every year, once every five months. You know, I, I don't, it's not, it's not my thing. Right. I read that Jay-Z bet you a hundred thousand that Miguel, Miguel Codo. Oh, would beat Canelo. Yeah.


And sent you the money immediately after the loss. Yeah. So we're promoting Canelo at the time. Golden Boy. And he's promoting Codo. And so I said, you know what, why don't we, why don't we place a bet here of $250,000? Okay. But it goes to charity. Okay. So Canelo wins. My charity wins the two 50. And sure enough, he paid it on the spot, I think the next day. Wow. The check was in the bank. So no, look, Jay-Z loves boxing. He knows his boxing. But he's, he's a guy who you Took advantage Of him. Who, who pays his bets? You, you, I did It. It was a close fight. It was a close fight. Actually. I, a lot of people think Coto beat him, but I had the insight.


So What made you de what made you get into the promotion game? When I started, Weren't you with Bob Barham? I was with Bob Barham. I was kind of breaking away from Bob Barum. Yeah. Our contract was expiring. I, I came out guns blazing saying I wanna help out the athletes. Yeah. I wanna be the promoter who is like looking out for the fighters. Okay. That was, that was my main motive. That was, that was why I started boxing. Right. Yeah. So you got into the fight game and you said, you know what? I want to help the boxer. I don't think they're getting a fair shake, blah, blah, blah. And you are like, okay, I'm gonna start my own thing.


I'm gonna be, because you started this, you're still fighting. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was fighting at the time I was active. I started when I fought Fernando Vargas. Okay. And I remember being in the dressing room and I was beat up. I knocked them out in the 11th round, but I was just beat up. And I said to myself, you know what? I think it's, it's almost time to retire. What am I gonna do after boxing? What am I gonna do? Yeah. I can drift off to the sunset and you know, go by myself a little boat and live on the beach or whatever. But I knew that I was not gonna be happy in the long run. So I said to myself, let me, let me do something within the sport because I love boxing.


There's a lot of room for improvement. A lot of fighters saying, well, they need help, this and that. So let me start Golden Boy. And that's where, that's where it was born. So let, how, how do you, how do you convince, 'cause okay, you got top rank. I think Floyd has a company, I don't know if he's still with Al Hyman or anything like that. So I don't know what's going on with that. Eddie Hearn, I think Eddie Hearn has a fight company. Sure. Is Don King still in the business? Yeah. There, there, there are four or five. Big promotion. Yeah. So how does Oscar de La Hoya goes and sits in someone's home or his mom's home, his dad home, or have a conversation and says Golden Boy is the right promotion company for you? Well, first of all, yeah. There's, there's Bob Arum, Don King, not really.


He's, yeah, they're, I mean, both guys are like 95 years old. I don't know how Bob is doing it, but he is, I want some of that stuff that he's taking. I really do. Yeah. Because he, you see him, he's happy promoting at 95. So you have Bob, Eddie Hearn, so literally PBC, which is Al Mond. So there's, there's like four of us right out there. The difference with all four Okay. That nobody can say, okay, I was a fighter. I laced up the gloves. I know what it feels like to take the punch. I know what it feels like to have to sell a fight to go out there and promote. I know how it feels like to being taken advantage of because I'm a fighter, so I know all that.


And plus a huge advantage is I'm the only Hispanic fighter to ever start a national boxing, promotional promotional company. So if you take a look at all the Hispanic fighters that you know, you, you identify with them, they look up to you. So it makes it easier for me to sign them and to, and to guide them. You know? I mean, not only do you speak their language, literally you speak their language figuratively. Surely because you are a fighter. Yeah. And you went through it. I mean, you had to amateur the great amateur background Absolutely. And so forth and so on. But when you look at boxing, people don't box by choice. It's necessity. And sometimes I feel it's easier to take advantage of someone that comes from a disin Sure.


Impoverished situation. Okay. Okay. Because you throw a a hundred thousand, 500,000 and then you sign the guy and then you gonna make money over fist. Did did you experience some of that growing up when, when you were in the fight game? When promoters tried to take advantage of Oscar de Lajoie? I, I experienced it right when I got back from the Olympic games. I experienced it when somebody promised me a million dollars. Okay, I'm 18 years old, here's a million dollars to sign with me. You know how much I saw, how much you get? I saw like 50,000. What about $50,000. So what Other nine 50 Gold? I have no idea. Taxes. I don't know the hell no.


Yeah. It was Even, even back then, taxes, the tax bracket wasn't no 90% Oscar. I learned the hard way. I did. Really? I did. I learned the, but that was the best, that was a blessing in disguise. 'cause I learned fast. I learned how to take care of my money. I learned who to look out for. Okay, why do I need a manager? Why do I need an advisor? Okay, I need a promoter because the promoter's gonna guide my career and take me to the next level. I can't do what a promoter is doing for me. Right. Fighters need a promoter. So I said, okay, let me, that's, that's a percentage off my pie. Right. Okay. But everything else I can just pay on salary. Right. That's it. So I'm keeping all of my pie right.


To myself. Right. So that's Yeah, I, I learned the hard way, you know, fairly quick. And because you need tax people, because you hear 'em see everything, a lot of boxers, everything. They run into tax problems. And, but lemme ask you this. I was reading somewhere, it's like, I think I, I was reading that the guy was explaining like Mike Tyson and, and, and Don King, like if he's, you go to your promoter, Bob Merrim at the time, and you say, Bob, I need 20 tickets. Those are not gifts. You gotta pay for those. That's gonna come about your salary, right? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Or and whoever's participating in the fight. Yeah. It's coming off their percentage as well. So yeah, nothing's free, Right? So you get so, oh man, my promoter bought me this Roll Royce, my promoter bought me this, this me code, this Rolex.


And look Fighter did, did fighters always know that even though they were getting these things, that that was actually coming out of their pocket or they thought they were just being gifted those things? It's, it's, it's a couple of things. A a lot of athletes, a lot of fighters that they just, they just turned away. They don't want to hear about it. They don't wanna, they don't want to, I guess, you know, know that it, that that's real. You know, they just, they just wanna shy away from it and let somebody else deal with it. You know? I think that it's the f athlete's responsibility, you know, it's, for instance, Mike Tyson and Don King. Well, people keep saying, well, Don King ripped off Mike Tyson and this and that.


Well, Mike Tyson made about 400, $500 million. That's his money. What he does with that, it's not Don King's fault. Right. So, you know, you have to, as an athlete, as a person, you have to, you have to look out for your best interest as well. You mentioned earlier when Floyd was, he bought out of his contract with Top Rank. Yep. You had started your company. Sure. And for like, what, 16, 17 fights you promoted Floyd? I did promote Floyd. Yeah. And then, you know, he was the time when he was making the, I think it was a Showtime contract. 30, $40 million. Yeah. We promoted all those fights. Right. You know, great experience for us. It was, you know, it put us on the map, obviously, and you know, we're now one of the top promoters in the world.


So, look, boxing, the one thing that I I'm not too keen on and with boxing is that it became a business. It wasn't a business before. Yes. You're making money. I made a lot of money, but I treated boxing as as, as, as you know, trying to be great as a platform for me to be great. Not a businessman, I'm not a boxer, but can I look at it like this? They saw a lot of other great fighters in their career. Great. Sure. But broke.


Yeah. And so they said, of all things being equal, I would rather be less great and more wealthy as oppo as opposed to being great and broke. Can you Ah, I, I have to disagree because I I I've lived it. Yeah. I, I'm in these shoes and, and it's again, the responsibility of the fighter, of the athlete. And it's not just boxers. I mean, look, if I'm making $30 million and I'm spending like a madman and I'm having all these revenue, well come In. You actually make 15 because don't say I'm gotta get half. Yeah. Right. So you didn't make 30, you 15. Of course. But if I'm spending, like, I'm still making that type of money.


Correct. Guess what? I'm gonna run out of money. Right. And that's the individual's fault. Right. Maybe I'm not paying taxes. Maybe I, I owe people money. Maybe I'm just, maybe I just wanna live this lavish lifestyle so I can get the cliques. It's, it's, it's the individual's responsibility. But you have to understand also, Oscar, you're dealing with guys that have very limited education. Sure. They come from very impoverished backgrounds. They're trying to lift themselves up, lift them families, their families up Sure. And put them in a, in a, in a, in a socioeconomics. Yeah. That had it not been for boxing Sure. They probably would've never been there. Absolutely. And so they're easy to take advantage of.


Yeah, absolutely. But I, I get what you're saying, like, oh, it's still your responsibility. Yeah. But me, I couldn't take advantage of someone, even if, even if I had the opportunity. And I know they're like, man, I can rob, I'm gonna rob this dude Bryan, and he not gonna know anything. I, that's just not in me. I'm not so sure. A lot of promoters had that same philosophy though. Yeah. There's a lot of, and like I mentioned, the promoters I just mentioned have never laced up the gloves so they don't understand. Right. They don't live it. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted, and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Granger's. Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger. For the ones who get it done,


Can't get enough football, look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories, Hey, you Wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.