
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightway. He try to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. I'm in Kemp with these fighters training myself, you know, knowing what I'm gonna win, what I'm gonna make, knowing what I'm gonna lose, knowing what I'm gonna spend. Like I know all this, I don't know why I know this, but I, from an early age, I just, it was just instinctual for me. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I had to take care of my money. I had to ask questions. I had to surround myself with a good business partner. And that's the key. Getting yourself a person who you can trust, trust. He's gonna screw you over anyways. So make sure he trusts you. Trust him the few years you're making all your money, right?


He's gonna try to screw you. So that's when you have to be smart and cut the tie right. You know? But it's up to the individual. I, I, I, I emphasize that because, because whether you have a, a, a, an elementary education, a high school education, or you have a Harvard, you're a Harvard graduate, you have to ask questions. You have to be smart enough with all the money you're making, all the, all the hard work you're putting into it. Don't tell me you're not just gonna let everybody take advantage of you. No. You have to keep what's right. You have to keep what, what is yours, right? You have to fight for it, you know, and ask the questions and surround yourself with good people.


50. He tried to get into the promotion business. He employed, was supposed to try to do something, and then he got licensed in New York, correct? No, we did business together, actually. Okay. Canelo fought Kirkland. 50 cent had just signed Kirkland to promotional contract. Okay. We had a fight together if Canelo knocked him out, and that was the end of a fifties promotional that Career. So he only had one fighter, I believe it was one high profile fighter. Oh, Was that a situation where he tried to sign Floyd away from you? Where Floyd still? I believe so. He was trying to do something with Floyd, and then Floyd just got bigger than 50 or some something Eagles got in the way, and you know how that goes.


And, but yeah, the only business deal I've ever made with 50 Canelo knocked him out and that was the end.


Not playing ball. DraftKings, you're missing out. Here's what you need to know. Draft King best Ball Millionaire contest is the biggest fantasy contest ever. We're talking 15 million in guaranteed prize pool with two. That's right. Two millionaires being crowned for first and second place. If you're a set in the Forget it type, then best ball is for you. No waver wires, no roster management, bigger rosters. So injuries won't end your season. Only the draft. And that's it. You're set for the season. Still not convinced. Check this out. This year, DraftKings is offering everyone draft one, get one special, your $20 entry fee scores a bonus ticket. Get in on the best ball action. Download DraftKings app. Use Coach Shannon. That's Coach Shannon. All customers who enter NFL Baseball 15 Millionaire Contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being crowned one of two millionaires only on Draftking Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


What's the biggest mistake? Be it in the boxing ring or in business that Oscar De La Hoya has made? Probably inside the ring. I stood in there too long. Yeah. And that's That Mexican machi more. Yeah, it's gotta be, You gotta go toe to Toe. Yeah. It's gotta be, but also, also not going in prepared fully. A hundred percent in some of my fights. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Why would you do that? Overconfidence too much, too fast. See, I was this kid growing up with nothing, east, la da, da da.


I didn't really have anybody, nobody gave me advice. I, I learned, I learned everything the hard way. I learned everything on my own. And there was a certain point of my career, probably in my prime or a little after my prime, where I just thought that I didn't have to train hard or run that extra mile, or I just felt that I was invincible. And, you know, I had some losses, I had some close fights that I should have won. Easy was starting to kind of, you know, go downhill personally and professionally. So, yeah, this, this, this sport does that to you, man. Any athlete will tell you that if you don't, if you don't stay focused, this thing can eat you up alive.


Do you believe now sitting back, because you have the, the magnificent science of hindsight that had you trained harder, some of those Ls that you took, they would've been Ws? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm convinced a thousand percent. I mean, look, I, I had, I had a life outside the ring that was fast, crazy fast. Like, I, I sometimes ask myself, how in the hell did I do it? How was I fighting? Winning world titles and then going off and drinking and, and this and that. And, and I would show up in camp, literally boozed up. I would start camp six weeks and win a world title.


Like, how in the hell did I do that? Wow. I don't know if it was an angel that was looking out for me, or it was just pure skill, or just being young and dumb. Do you ever, when you are alone, you're in your bedroom, you're sitting down and you're walking, do you ever think, what if had I just worked out harder? Yeah. Had I, yeah. Instead of a six division, I could have been a seven, eight division. I could have had an unblemished record. Yeah. And when they talk about the two or three greatest fighters ever, Oscar, Dale, LA Hoya's name, although you are a, his a all time great fighter. Do you ever think about, had I just given it a little more what could have been?


Yeah, but I don't, I don't, I don't dwell on it. I don't really focus on it. I don't, I am, I'm satisfied with my accomplishments, but I'm more so satisfied with what I'm building Outside The ring. Outside the ring life after boxing, I'm just satisfied. I'm, I'm, I'm at ease with myself. I'm happy. I'm, I'm just blessed, you know, I try to live my life with the mentality of a, of a Buddhist, you know, just treat everybody right. Right. Brush everything off. Everything will be okay. You know, my partner gets annoyed with it.


But, but it's, it's just the way I've lived life. Right. I've been through the chaos. I've been through hell and back seven times, so I'm good. Let's talk about a fighter. I think you still promote him. Ryan Garcia. Yes. Oscar. What's going on? Look, first of all, every time, every time I've spoken to Ryan, every time that I talk to him on the phone, in person, he's always nice. Right. He's always like talking to me. Yeah. Let's, we have big plans, I'm motivated, I wanna make a lot of money.


And Ryan's Ryan, right? Right. But every time we talk, everything's great. And then I pick up the phone, I see Twitter, I see Instagram, I, I'm like, oh my gosh, My gosh, what are you doing? What are You doing? A lot of money. Good looking kid, just like me. And I've given him advice. I've told him, Hey, look out for this, look out for that. But Ryan's Ryan, I have no idea what he's thinking or what he's doing. A wise man will learn from others' mistakes. A fool will learn from his own. Yeah. Now, considering your heritage, you fought, you are a promoter.


If I'm gonna take advice from anybody, I'm gonna take it from you. Absolutely. You can tell me the pitfalls. You can tell me the blind spots that I have no idea exists. Sure, sure. Because you've been there, you've walked this path before. Yep. You're absolutely correct. It seems like you guys have a very, very contentious relationship, especially like, like you said, privately when you pick up the phone and call him. But then when I see you guys at press conference, I'm like, bro, I Yeah. That's your pro. I thought y'all was on the same team. You know, boxing is like the wild, wild west. You know, there's people that wanna steal your fighters. Yes. There's people, the advisors, other managers, promoters.


Everybody's always talking to the fighters. Everybody's, So they in his ear Always. Oh, Oscar's the bad guy. Oh, Oscar's gonna steal from you. Oh, Oscar's not gonna promote you. Right. Well, I, I have, I have the experience. I mean, look at Canelo's career. Look at Floyd's 16 fights that I promoted. Look at all the big events I've put together. Of course, I've had the experience. But when these whispers are in their ears every single day, I mean, you're, you're literally swimming up the current, it's impossible to, to convince these young kids and their kids. Right. You know, I don't blame them. I blame whoever's around them, the advisors, the lawyers who are money hungry.


These guys who think they know it all. Well, the fighter's gonna listen to them because they're with them every single day. Single day. So when they, when they confront me, it's like, wait, wait a second. I'm the good guy here. What are you talking about? I just wanna make you a lot of money and make you a legend. Right. I'm a legend builder. I wanna build legends. Because if you build legends, then the money will come. It's not the other way around. Oh, I want the money and then I'll be a legend. No, no, no. You don't work like that. Work hard to be a legend. And the money will come. His mental state, you know, he's been on IG and he's used the N word. He's used anti, you know, anti-Muslim rhetoric.


I, I think he was stripped the w one of the ed, one of the sanctioning bodies suspended One. The one of the 20. Yeah. So basically, so basically we should look at the WBC, the WBA, the IBF. What's the other one well Ring the most important is the ring. Okay. So that's four. So we should only have four belts. We should have one. We should have one. The one that has no politics involved. Okay. The one that, the one that fighters don't have to pay their hardened money To, to be a part of. Like, you literally have to pay a percentage or a big chunk of your purse to the sanctioning. Because for a belt, I would rather just buy the belt at the flea market and, you know, for a couple hundred bucks.


Right. But the ring belt is free. The ring belt, you have to be a legend. You have to be number one, fighting against number two. That's the only way you fight for it. Wow. That's awesome. Yeah. So I'm looking at when he fought tank. Yeah. And there was the rehydration clause. Yeah. Do you feel that had he fought tank? I think they weighed one 40 and he couldn't rehydrate above a certain level. Yeah. Had he fought at, let's just say they fought at 1 47. Do you believe Ryan beats tank? I believe he fought, was it 1 35, 1 30? He Fought, fought at 1 35. Fought him at 1 35. So let, let me tell you all the, yeah.


Give us all the roadblocks and stipulations on the contracts and this. 'cause I didn't negotiate that fight. Ryan's, Ryan's lawyer and advisors negotiated that rehydration clause and the purse split. And this, I was just like, let me stand back. Let me watch them make mistakes. I felt so bad for Ryan because he was sucked up. Yeah. He was just, he was a dead man. He reminded me of me when I fought Pao. Okay. Okay. And then when the next day you can't weigh a certain amount. Probably couldn't get over one 40. It's, I mean, he's, there's no chance he's gonna win against Tank who's a beast. It's no chance If they fight again, and let's say they make the weight, let's just say the weight is one 40.


Do you believe Ryan is skill, skill enough? Because Tank did a great job of staying away from his power shot that left. Yeah. And did a great job of walking him into his left. Sure. Which is his, his his sweet spot. Sure. Do you believe that they fought again? Let's just say they fought at one 40. Ryan k beat him. Well, At one 40. Ryan's a big kid now. And they would be, he ain't making 1 45. He's not making one 40. He's So he gotta be 1 47. He's gotta Be 1 47. 1 45. I'll, ill say You one thing. Guns up there, Oscar. Well, yeah, I mean, you got, you're talking about Crawford. You're talking about Virg Ortiz. But you're talking about some big boys there. But I, I really think that See Weight cla that's why we have weight classes.


You know, we didn't, we didn't start with boxing, I don't know how many years ago, putting Rehydration clauses on the Great Fighters. Right. We just didn't hear of that. That's why we have weight classes. And, and so that's exactly what happened with Ryan. I, I, does he beat Tank if he doesn't have the rehydration clause? I don't know. I just do not know. Because Tank, like I said, is very skillful. He's a beast. He knows how to figure you out. But one thing about Tank, which I love, and this is why he's gonna be great, because he fights, and when you fight, you're gonna get hit. And when you fight, you're gonna get hit and you might get knocked out. But that's the beauty about Tank That He, that's, he fights and that's why they love him.


That's a perfect example, right. Tank Davis is a star. When Ryan get his situation worked out, who would you like to see Ryan fight At 1 47? I wouldn't mind watching him against Teo, FMO Lopez. I wouldn't mind watching him against, wow. There's so many fighters. Boots. Boots, Anis. You Wanna see him against Boots? Why not? Let's make the great fights. Virgil Ortiz. Wow. That'll be great. There's a lot of fighters out there. They Are. Aaron, Errol Spence.


Terrence Crawford. Man, you can make so many fights. Nah, I don't think I, I, I, listen, it seems to me Crawford is hell Ben on fighting Canelo. And he's willing to go up to 1 68 to do it. 'cause I don't believe, I don't believe Canelo can drop down to one 60. He's been at that, he 1 68, 1 75. He probably walks around. What does Canelo walk around at? 180 5, 1 90, 90. Easy. Easy. 200. Easy. So he's a, he's a thick kid. Yeah. Yeah. So to come all the way down to, he's not coming back down to one 60. No, He's not. That's, that's, that's a farfetched type of fight. Right. To be made, to be made.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, Buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours. If you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila. For a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. The insiders, you're a loyal viewer of the show, now. You're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think realistically, I think realistically, Terrence Crawford, Tiz Boots, Andis, those are modern, you know, Flags. Yeah, exactly. Of today's era. But Seems to me that Crawford doesn't seem that they bring the bang for the buck. They don't bring the eyeballs, they don't bring the pay-per-view vibes. They don't bring the, the butts in the seat. He says, it seems to me that he's like, well, I'm an un, you know, undisputed chap. Yep, yep. And the four ring, four belt era. Yep. I just got another belt. Sure. Seems to me he's thinking the only fight that makes sense is Canelo Is Canelo. I think he's wrong.


I really do think he's wrong. I, I Crawford in is in a unique position situation. He needs a B-side to create a mega fight. He's that type of fighter. Right? He's the best talent out there in the world today. I think pound for pound. But he's kind of like in a teeter tart totter where, where it's like, man, does he sour? Does he need, doesn't he sell? it all depends on the opponent. Yeah. You think boots in this does what? I guess, I guess a good number is a million pay-per-view. Guys. No Boots does that? No, No. Not with Terrance. I think, I think the only fight maybe fights out there that, that do over a million homes.


'cause to hit a million homes, it's, it looks crazy. It's all, it's, it's, there's a lot going on now. Oh yeah. There's a lot going on. People have Yeah. Short memories here. So they wanna see, you know, the best fight the best. Right. I think the only fights are like Canelo, Terence Crawford, anything with Ryan Garcia, Virgil Ortiz, Terrence Crawford. There's, there's several out there. But yeah, you just need that perfect dance partner. Right. Would you like to see a rematch with, with Tank and Ryan at one 40? Let's just say 1 44. 1 45. I would love to see it at 1 47. 1 47. Yeah. Yeah. That's a man. It's too much for Yeah, That's, it's too long wait for Tank though. It's too much for Tank. Yeah. It's too much for Tank. But it still would be an incredible competitive fight because Tank, he has the dog in him.


Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. He, he gonna fight. Oh yeah. There's one thing about Tank. He Won't go down easy. He's slow. Four or five rounds. Sure. But what's, but what he, he Turns it up. Oh man. It's beautiful. He Relentless. It's beautiful. He's relentless. What's Floyd, I guess Ryan Garcia and Floyd has been, they've been talking, communicating. What's that relationship? What's that? That name between Floyd Mayweather Jr. And Ryan Garcia. Well, yeah. I mean, now, now that Floyd, see, Floyd was a little idle in, in the promotional Right. Business for a while. Now that he started again, he hired an individual that I was actually my ex CEO funny stories about that.


Schaffer. Yes. So now that he started up again, yeah. It's, it's, do I worry? No, because Floyd is probably talking to him as fighter to fighter. Right. You know, maybe he's slipping in some business, you know, Hey, come sign with me or this and that. But look, I mean, Ryan, Ryan knows exactly who, who helped him out. Ryan knows. Ryan's a loyal guy who can in boxing. Who, who he'll tell me if he wants to leave me or he wants to stay with me. And, you know, plus we have a contract. So Do you think Floyd would make a great trainer? I think so. I think he'll make a great trainer.


Like his father. His father had something very unique. He was a sergeant. I think Floyd has that same attribute where it's like he takes no shit from nobody. You know? Like, he'll, he'll dump, I remember one time his father dumped a, a water bucket on me at 5:00 AM in the morning to wake up in the, to wake up to go run. Nobody has ever done that. Not to the golden boy. Come on. And he did it. And I respected him from that day on. Right. Because you look at some of the trainers, buddy McGirt, Floyd Senior. Yeah. I mean, some of the, some of the great trainers Yeah. Were fighters. Yeah. And that's true. But not like Floyd historically. Great. Sure. Because a lot of times when you look at o Oscar And, we say the greater the player, the less the ability to coach.


Sure. Because they're looking at it like, bro, why can't you do that? Right. I, I could do that in my sleep. Right. But that's what made you great. Exactly. So the, the thing that I have with Floyd, there's no question. He knows the game. Sure. But what he rub off it, like, damn, that would be so easy for me. One thing about Floyd is that he's a hard worker. So he'll, he'll, he'll implement that to his, to his arsenal. Right. Okay. To, to his training arsenal. He'll make you work hard just like his father. Yes. In boxing, we've only had, we have a lot of great trainers, but we, we've only had a handful of great teachers. Oh, okay. That's, that's the difference. You know Emmanuel Stewart? Yes.


Man. Top three of my training, I had seven trainers in my whole career. Right. You have to take Why you have so many, why do boxers have so many trainers? You keep learning, you keep growing you out. You outlast your trainer. They teach they Can't only Teachers, they can't teach you anymore. Yeah. So those teachers are not around anymore. You know, like Eddie Fch. Yeah. Who trained, who trained Bernard Hopkins. Yeah. I mean, those guys, God bless them. But all these trainers wanna be heroes now. You know, they want to get on camera. Hey, I, here look at me. No, it's, it's, it's quite a unique gift that these guys had, that these teachers had. And that's why when he had like three of them in, in the sport of boxing. Right. The Ryan Garcia, de Devin Haney.


You wanna see a rematch of that? What, what transpired, because he's been suspended, say PDs that says trace amounts. So what's go Oscar? What can you tell us about that situation? When we landed Fight Week in New York. Okay. Monday, I believe it was that Monday, the first call I receive, Hey, please help us. Ryan Garcia's drunk in his room and he's with women. I'm like, what is this what I have to deal with? The whole goodness week. Oh, imagine if Ryan Garcia was a hundred percent what he would do to Devin Haney. Right. Do I wanna see where you met? No. It doesn't call for it. I think, I think Ryan just, he swept, he just mopped.


I mean, it was crazy. You know, it was, it was what, what Ryan Garcia, he just made him look like an amateur. You know, I don't care if they say he was on steroids and this and that. He was 30% up in that ring. 30%. Imagine if he was a hundred percent. Will he ever take it serious enough to be that? A hundred percent. I Believe he will. I really, really do. I think, you know, in order, in order to, to lift yourself back up, you have to touch the floor. You know, you have to slip and touch the floor. And I think if Ryan Garcia and I know he has the strength to do it, I think he will come back better.


Stronger than ever. Oscar, what's going on with you and Canelo? You promoted Canelo even when a lot of fighters lmp. You, Canelo stay. Yeah. What's the beef, what's the head butting with you and Canelo? I, I literally feel, you know, Canelo changed over time. You know, when you start making money. Yeah. 300 million to do that. Yeah. You know, He Changed a bit. You know, and yeah, it's, it's, it's just odd. I, you know, he, he, he's saying all this nonsense about, oh, that I stole from him and ripped off, ripped him off, and this and that.


First of all, I'm, I'm a legitimate company, okay. Where we make a lot of money and everything is by the book. Come check my books. Come bring in your auditors. And he's done that over the years. I just feel that, I just feel that a lot of times, fighters, fighters get jealous. You know, and I'm not saying this to stroke my ego or anything, but, you know, I would walk into a room and Canelo's giving interviews. I would walk in and then everybody would put all their attention to me. Right. Oh, Oscar the promoter. Oh, this and that. You know, I just feel that it maybe got to him a bit, you know? Then he started saying that I, I was ripping him off and this and that.


And it's, it's pretty sad because I, I have no nothing against him. I really don't personally, I just, I just feel that Yeah. That's, and, and the whispers in the ears. Right. Another situation. You always start off with good friends. I mean, you and Canelo was good friends. You, now, you guys Buting head. Yeah. Dana White. The UFC. What, what, what, what's going on with you and Dana? You guys were cool. Yeah, we were. Then what happened? We, we were actually cool when I, when I first thought about getting into the MMA. Yeah. I, I strongly feel that he just wanted to bury me, you know, not have competition.


You know, he started talking shit about me. You know? Yeah. The, he, what, what does he talk about me? The coke and the pantyhose? Yeah. So what, what, 15 years ago? Like, right. So what and what that I don't have friends. And I like, it's, it's, it's absurd because literally, I don't even think about it. We're in different sports. Right. He does his thing. I do my thing just because I wanted to start a little competition. He gets all, oh, You know, Let me, let me, let me scream louder. I mean, when a guy slaps his wife in public, you know, when a, when his mom writes a book about him saying that he's a douche his own mom.


That's all I have to say. I don't have to say anything more. You know? I don't know why it started, I mean, the promotional thing. But we were actually pretty cool. But anyway, it's, it's all good. You brought it up, Oscar. You had to build Oscar. Why you, why you let him snap that picture? Which one? The 50, 15 years ago? The picture you was talking about. Oh, I was drugged up. Yeah. I was drugged up. I didn't even know it. You, you didn't know you had put the panty hole on? No. No. Have you, have you ever tried It? No. Hell no. They gonna make me put panty holes on. I ain't gonna try. I ain't gonna try it either. Okay. Okay. Think about it. To get those pantyhose on. Yeah. God damnit.


But I'm, it'll Take like two hours. But that's what I'm sober. Oscar. Yeah. They, you had, I mean, you had to go by the size when you was not sober. No, No, no. What happened sober? What happened was, and, and I've talked about this a lot in my documentary too. 'cause I'm, I'm open about it. I don't give a fuck. Yeah. I was, I was getting with bad people this and that. Two women come in my room with a suitcase. That's all I remember. And after that, I wake up the Next day. Well, then the suitcase, Well, drugs, women's clothes. Oh Yeah. Women's clothes, drugs, this, that. Yeah. They, they set me up. But it's okay. It happened. So what, Well, you mentioned that during your career, did you partake in drugs during your career?


No. No. No. I couldn't. Because they tested. Yeah, you tested you. Right. I didn't drink smoke drugs. So I was Well, women Was your vice though. I was a professional. I was a professional. Well, you women were your vice. I mean, were human. Right? But, but I started drinking in the Pac fight. Okay. I was drinking in the Packa fight the last two weeks. My training was going bad. I was getting beat up in sparring. Damn. And I said, you know what? Let me just booze it up. And that's what happened. Do you, did you know, did you try to like, suppress that from coming out?


Because you knew that was go Oscar, you know who you are. You are Oscar De. La Hoya. You are the golden boy. Yeah. You are a gold medalist. You are a a, a six division champ. Sure. Do you understand how that was gonna make you look? If that those pictures ever came forward? No. No. I actually, I actually, another story that people don't know. When they, when they came out Yeah. I was fucking worried as hell because I was at the peak of my career. Yes. And I was having issues with, you know, domestically at home, you know, With your wife. Yeah. With all that stuff. And so they made me, first of all, we hired a, a a, this forensic, like expert and photos and Photoshop.


We actually convinced the people that they were fake. Fake. Yeah. And I was home free. Right. And then they, and then the person at the time that I was with convinced me to do an interview and tell the world, you know what? They're, they're real. So I, why would the hell would you do that? Because I was, 'cause I was just, I was a shell of my own self at the time. I didn't know what I was thinking. But I'm glad I did it because I'm glad I, I'm glad I said they were real because it set me free. You know? Really? Oh, yeah. Yeah. They're out there 15 years ago. So what, I mean, what I bet if I asked 30 people here, 20 of them say, yeah, I've worn something from a woman.


Enc closed doors. Oh, that's what happens. Mine just came out publicly. Y'all don't know about that Oscar. Ah, come on. Hey, Come on. Lemme see. I ain't, I ain't even got no socks. So I know. I ain't with no ho. I ain't with no pad. Ho. Lemme ask you this. Gimme your top three Mexican fighters of all time. Of all time. Ooh. They got some good ones. Julio Saan Chavez de la Jo Salva, SDO Sanchez. Salvador San Salvado was a good one. He, he passed at, at an early age, but he beat Azuma Nelson. Yeah. In his prime. He beat I think he died at 22, 23. Could have been Roy, don't mention him when I spoke to him.


Mention Sanchez. There's, there's a fighter that people won't know of. They call it, you know, you have Julio, Caesar Chavez, Canelo's gonna be up there, top 10. So Yeah. Caro Lopez. Oh, Ricardo Lopez, who was undefeated as well. Yeah. I think he had one draw. He was 50 and Oh. And one draw. But a lot of great Mexican fighters. But I, I have to respect Canelo with what he's accomplished, and I'll put him top 10. Wow. Top 10. I, I ain't asking for three. So he ain't gonna guess. I, I guess, I guess if he top 10, he ain't making your top three. Do you remember the 92 Olympics?


Because that was the first year they bought the NBA, the dream team. Sure. And they took all, they were, Ooh, everybody. The dream team. Michael Jordan. Oh yeah. Charles Barkley, magic Johnson. Oscar De. La Hoya, Barcelona. This was a lifetime, a culmination of a lifetime because you've dreamt Yep. Of being an Olympic gold medalist. Sure. By far the best moment of my life, you know, professionally, inside the ring. At the same time, the, you know, I, I, I was cursed, you know, at the same time it was like the best moment, at the worst moment of my life, because my mother wasn't there. She had passed away from cancer, Ugh. The year prior.


So you can imagine all the emotions. I was just a kid. So listening to the national anthem, right. USA's playing. And man, I'm just full of emotions. I couldn't cry. I couldn't laugh. Yeah. The best moment of my life, I go down, get out of the ring. And NBC is Fred Rogan is gonna interview, interview me. And he mentions my mom and I just Lost it. Lost It. I couldn't do the end. I just cried and cried and cried. So it was a, a lot of pressure. But I was, man, it was, it was a surreal moment. It was the best moment that I've ever had. Do you Real did. And I say, and I tell people this a lot of time, the heavy weight, the heaviest weight you can carry is expectations.


Yeah. And you know what the expectations were going into Barcelona, not only because you're fighting for something more than a gold medal. Yeah. Your mom. Yeah. You know, she's watching. Yeah. And the expectation from the Americans back home. Sure. That you're supposed Oscar De. La Hoya gonna win the gold medal. Sure. I don't know how many others we gonna win. Sure. But we gonna win that one. Sure. And it was all a lie. It was all a lie. Imagine that the media made up the whole story that I was in my mom's deathbed and she whispered, win the gold medal for me. I done did that. She didn't do that. It didn't happen. The media was just feeding it to me. Right. And I was hearing it, and I believed it.


And they would ask me, Hey, Oscar. So you're doing it for your mom? Yeah, I'm doing it for my mom, for her cancer. I hope she beats it this. Then she, you know, and, and, and I ran with it. Right. You know, and the whole world ran with it. Yeah. The pressure was just too much. There were times I fought, I believe it was South Africa. I beat him easy. But after that fight, I wanted to give up because the pressure was too much. I was like the darling in the, in Barcelona. Oh, Oscar has the great story because You are the golden boy then, right? No, actually, they named me the golden boy, boy when I won the gold. Right. But the pressure early on was just in, I, I i, I, I would never wish any type of pressure like that for anybody.


You Could feel it. You knew. Oh, it was, I, I wanted to quit in the Olympics. I wanted to quit in the Olympics. Yeah. It was too much. Can I ask you this, Oscar? How did your upbringing, childhood, there's some situations that happened. Yeah. You mentioned, I think you put talked about it in your documentary that you were raped at the age of 13 by a 30 5-year-old woman in Hawaii. How did your upbringing shape the


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally ironing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver It. The insiders, your loyal viewers show. Now. You're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oscar De, La Hoya. They're sitting in front of me today. Yeah. Look, I I, I got taken advantage of, you know, when you're 15 years old and I mean, at 15 year hormones are like, oh my God. They're like just jumping up and down and older woman, you know, takes advantage of me. That's it. That was it. You know, did it scar me? Did it change my mentality towards women, this and that? Like, it does something to you, but again, you're your own individual to figure it out. I grew up in tough streets. I grew up in a tough family. I grew up with a mom who used to beat me every freaking day. Wow. I had a father who just, my connection with him was boxing.


You know, he was military and, but it made me tough. It made me who I am. It made me, if it wasn't for my childhood, I would have quit in the Olympics. Wow. That's the toughness I needed to win the gold. Did you realize not only did you have a country that were counting on you to bring that gold medal home, but your family Oh, the people that you grew up with. Oh yeah. You talked about your father and Oh yeah. The, the, the, the connection that you had through boxing and your mom who had passed away. 'cause clearly she wanted to see you become something. Absolutely. Of course, people want, people want free money.


People want, people wanna see the ban grow. Right. People wanna see you successful because of things. You know, You thought your mom and dad thought that, that you were, you were, you were the meal ticket, you were the lottery ticket that's was gonna take them out of East la. I was the lottery ticket for everybody. And still am. I've been living this for 40 years. Shannon, you have no idea how many people I have around me that love me. For me. I can count them in maybe three fingers. And I'm okay with that because over the years, I had a million people around me that love me. That I felt love me. But why am I going to my house crying myself to sleep?


If I have a thousand people around me who love me? Now, guess what? I have three people who love me. Maybe I know one for sure, but I have people here that love me and I'm going to bed smiling and laughing and happy. Why is that? With less people, it's just life. You will live and you will learn the hard way or the easy way. I've learned, I've learned both With the hard for you to say no. Yeah. It was, it was impossible. Because I want you to like me, I want you to accept me to love me, to hold me. If I say yes, everything will be okay. Now it's like, fuck.


'cause Oscar, the thing is, is that your mom, your dad, family members, they're around you when you have nothing. So, sure. The instinct is Yeah. Now that I have, well, I wanna make sure the people that were around me, what I didn't have. 'cause I I, I'm under the impression Sure. That they love me for me. Sure, Sure. But sometimes you have to tell the people that you love know also. Yeah. Well, you have to remind them. And they can easily forget, you know, real fast. I, I have to say my immediate family, like, I mean, my brother, my brother's awesome. I love my brother. Right. My sister, you know, it's awesome. You know, my father, it's like we had this relationship where, oh, I don't know.


Did you do it for the money or did, because I still pay him. You know, and it has to be for life. Right. Because that's the promise I made. Right. So, you know, money does a lot of things to people. Man, it's crazy. And I learned it over the years, and I have this experience and I see these young kids now, man. It's just, just be careful. Have your guard up. Be smart. Where are you on celebrity boxing? I don't know. This wasn't celebrity, but when Floyd fought Connor. Okay. And, we see some of these. Was it Jake? Jake Paul, Jake Paul. He's fighting. Yeah. And I, I read what you said, Jake, if you really wanna be taken serious as box as a boxer, go fight somebody that is a boxer.


Yeah. And it's fair. Look, what I said to him is fair. I'm not, I'm not criticized. I'm actually commending him for, for getting in the ring. Yes. For taking it serious. Yeah. For, for promoting. Yes. And helping out Serrano the, the woman fighter from Puerto Rico, I believe it is. And you know, he's doing great things for fighters and for the sport. But if he's gonna take it serious the way he, he, he says he is, then take that route. The way, the way we took it, right. The way the greats took it, the way fighters who have to work their way up from the start, go fight guys who are gonna test you guys who are not guys who are have don't, don't have Experience that were ex that were, or who are that played football player that play basketball or what?


Yeah. It's not. Look, being a fighter, a boxer, I strongly feel that Jake Paul has the ability. He really does. And the work ethic. Okay. But every fight that he chooses, it's, it's not balanced. E either. He's an MMA fighter. Either he's a basketball player, either. Either he's smaller, 30 pounds lighter than him. Okay. Take, take the route professionally. Take the professional route. Take the route that Mike Tyson took, take the right, the route that Floyd Mayweather took that I took, you know, the route that's gonna test you. And it'll show you if you can become world champion. You don't think Tyson is a, is a, is a serious opponent for him.


Come on. 61 year. I, I loved, I saw him the other day. I loved Tyson. I told him he could punch. Of course he's got a punch his chance. The first three rounds. I'm a little, I'm a little scared of Tyson, of, of Tyson getting hurt after the third round. Right. Jake Powell's a big boy. He's what, 26 years old? Tyson's 61. I'm happy for Tyson that he is making money and that Tyson still loves it. And he's getting in there. He is in shape. Right. But just be careful, Jake Paul say he wants to fight Canelo. You make that happen. You make that fight happen. I could make it happen, but Canelo hates the shit outta me.


It'd be a lot of money. It'll Be a lot of money. But still, it's not, it's not legacy. It's not legacy. It's not, No. Canelo I don't think has anything to prove. I think Canelo, you know, he's, he's obviously now fighting for, for the money. Right. Which I don't blame him for. Right. As long as he fights. But for instance, taking, not taking Benavides, which the world Wants, is Urging him to, you know, it's, it's, it's bad for his reputation. Right. It's bad for Canelo's legacy for not taking that prime fighter in his, in his career.


Well, I don't know how closely you followed this, but since we, you know, you are a fighter, you know the fight game Drake, Kendrick Lamar, who won that one? Wow. Geez. I don't know if both guys have they trained? Have they fought? Have they? Yeah. I don't, I I'm, I'm going with, I'm gonna go with, I don't even know. I, I dunno. Well, they, they had a, a disc going on. Yeah. Yeah. Who's bigger? Shit, I, I, I think Drake is bigger. I'm gonna give him the advantage. You Gonna give him advantage? Yeah. You mentioned something that you were training your Ai abs. Were you serious or you bull jiving?


Because I can't through i through social media, I can't tell when people are bull jiving or they being serious. It is, It is. It is just, it's crazy how every, every little thing I do, people will just dissect. You are today law. You went this. So look, this is, this is what happened. Okay. What happened? This is what people are gonna understand. They're not fake abs. Like you cannot get fake abs. But it's called etching. Okay. Where, where the, the plastic surgeon goes in. It's kind of like a liposuction. Okay. But he etches your abs. Right? My abs already there. I have, I have abs. Right. They're already there. They're just etching it in between so they can just pop out. Yeah. And stand out more.


That's all it is. Now it's up to me to keep these abs. 'cause I gotta, I gotta work out. I gotta work. I gotta eat. Right. Gotta, yeah. So, I mean, it's, yeah, they're mine. They're real. That's a real thing. That's a real thing, man. I ain't know you could do That. Yeah. It's a real, it's like lipo lip liposuction. Right. But they just etch the abs. That's it. Right. And so they, they gonna be so as long as you eat right and out, you will have like a eight pack. Oh. Have a 12 pack. You you gonna be 75 years old. Oscar. I mean, think Oscar, think about this. You've been training your whole life. You know how to get in shape. I do. Why you, why you take the rich man away?


We, we do the poor man. Go to your gym. That's the poor man. That's the poor man of plastic surgery. I don't know. I guess. 'cause I can, you know, I, I've done it all man. I'm, I'm So, lemme ask you a question. I wanna know. So how did you come about this? You sitting in your room one night like, shit, I worry about street 400 mil. I ain't got shit out to do. I'm gonna go get it, man. I mean, did you, did you see a brochure? How did you even know about this? I ain't even never heard this. I, I, I wanna look good. I wanna feel good. Okay. I have, I have my girl, my partner Holly.


Yeah. Home team. We used to work together. We worked together for you. Who was we, we worked together for Years. Who was probably the most beautiful sexiest woman alive ever. And I gotta keep up. I wanna look good for her. Right. I wanna stay active. I wanna, you know, and I do have to admit, when I met her, it was like, ah, I'm not gonna train anymore. I'm not gonna do this. I'm gonna be lazy and just Kick back, enjoy all my money. But guess what man? She motivates me every single day, ever since I got her with her man. People are saying, wow, Oscar, you're a changed man. I'm not a changed man. She just, she just took care of me and, and, and, and nurtured me and gave me attention, you know, and loves me.


That's all I needed. I didn't need no rehab. I didn't need no this and that. And 'cause all these people were coming after me trying to get what I have and take me down. You know, what I needed. I needed somebody to just care for me. And I'm good. I got all the doctors too. And the doctors. Yeah. She has all the doctors. So, lemme you in this, throughout this interview, you've mentioned your partner four or five times. Yeah. I know you had a previous marriage and it didn't end well, but it's marriage something Oscar, De, La, Hoya would consider again. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, when, when you're in love and you have a partner who, I mean, my partner now is, is changed my life.


It, it, it, she makes me feel, she makes me feel like a man every single day. Just by something she tells me, something she does for me. I've had breakfast on my table every single day for three years. What Holly? What? Yeah. Holly. I, I've, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a new, I'm, I'm, I'm the man that I should, should be. Be right. I'm, I mean, I'm getting, I'm getting emotional now because I'm happy Kid. I'm good. Holly, you say Holly's Good Much money into this.


I'm gonna, I'm Gonna, you don No, I Snipped it anyway, so I'm good. Okay. You good. Can ask you this. Obviously, you know, your situation with your, your, your ex and, and your kids. What's your relationship with your kids like today? Good. Good. You good? Great. Yeah. Good. That's awesome. I mean, not great, but good. You know, it's like I have older kids and they have their own life and they do whatever they they're gonna do. I mean, I, I look, this is, this is the way a kid's life is, is, you know, they, they, they love you. They grow up. They hate you. You know, they leave the house, then they call you for money. It's just, it's, it's life. Right. You know, I'm here for them every single second of the day.


I'm here for them. Call me. I love you. You know, we're family. Right? Till the end. Oscar de la Hoya's legacy. What does Oscar De La Hoya. When it's all said and done, Oscar De, La Hoya is no longer here. What would Oscar like for people to say about Him? Oh, that he finally found true happiness. Wow. That he finally found a partner. Okay, but you know what? My legacy is? My legacy is not my six world titles gold medal, this and that. No. My legacy is to say, I stood with my partner with a woman till the day he died. Faithful, loving, understanding.


Yeah. Went through stuff, whatever. But you know what, at the end of the day, they were best friends. That's my legacy right there. That's what I haven't had a partner. You believe you found the woman that's, that's loved you more than any other woman. You I know. I know. And I believe it. And I know in my heart, every single day, every single day I wake up, I'm blessed. Wow. Oscar, De, La, Hoya. Ladies and gentlemen, appreciate you my Life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll dice. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice.


Got the bro ded the all my life. I've been grinding all my


Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila. For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, you Wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and The screaming fans Move on. I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, a new Faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Davon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.