
This is an iHeart podcast.


Now more than ever, Lowe's knows you don't just want a low price, you want the lowest price. And with our lowest price guarantee, you can count on us for competitive prices on all your home improvement projects. If you find a qualifying lower price somewhere else on the same item, we'll match it. Lowe's, we help you save. Price match applies the same item. Current price at qualifying retailers, exclusions and terms apply. Learn how we'll match price at lowe's dot com slash lowest price guarantee.


The NBC nightly news legacy isn't handed down. Or NBC News, I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and one of the olds sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try the og. Cool rush for yourself, The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. We got us a series. We got us a series. Indiana one 16 OKC 1 0 7 2 1. Lead with another game in Indy. Can they possibly go up three one. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. My partner and co-host Liberty City on bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro, wearing his Iso Joe cutoff hoodie. That's Chad Ocho Johnson. Hold On, hold on. Not just the hoodie. I got the shorts on too. Oh you got, oh you got daddy on. Yeah.


He had that looking like John Black and wrote The third member of our team. Y'all know him. Arkansas, little Rock, Arkansas Native University of Arkansas alum. Played a number of years, at least 15 years in the NBA. That's Iso Joe I. So Joe Johnson and joining us special guest to break down this game. Y'all know him. 75th anniversary team NBA champion defensive player of the year. Olympic Gold Medal winning. That's gp. Thanks the club. Gary Peyton, gp. What'd it do? What's happening? What's happening? A that's good. Thanks for joining us bro. For sure. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button.


And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you that have watched us, that has listened to us, that have downloaded our things and spread the word catch Nightcap, dunk and Ocho. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support and we hopefully we get your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock now. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, you can best believe we are coming to a city or a state near you. But in the meantime, order it online. It's the best tasting premium VSOP cognac on the market. Order online you will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Check out my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they are gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. The Pacers. The Pacers beat the thunder. The Pacers win the first finals game in Indy in 25 years. Take a two one lead with another game in Indy one 16 to 1 0 7. They did a better job of, of of Liberty Sha at the free throw line. He only got to the line six times nine of 20 from the floor. They did a great job on him. They had, but still the Thunder had three guys in dub and with 20 or more points.


But it was the bench of Indiana Pacers that won this game. Benedict Rin had his best game, 27 points a career high, two or three from the three point line, seven of eight from the free throw line. TJ McConnell came in and did what TJ McConnell normally, normally does. And Obie topic was flying high that put back dump really energize the crowd. Joe. We're gonna start the U and then we're gonna pass it off to gp. How did the Pacers win this game? Man, Ocho gp, they had that intensity that they needed, You know, especially from the bench. I thought OKC outplayed 'em in that first quarter. But when they made them subs, Mathre, TJ McCallum, they came in, rose the energy up to another level, took it to another level.


And you look at math the way he played, man, just being aggressive offensively making plays, just being disruptive. Defensive tj, You know, I don't know how many steals he got that led to points and OKC was just so careless with the basketball. It was uncharacteristic of them tonight. But we gotta give, we gotta give Indiana credit man. They've been doing it all postseason like we continue to say and we continue to count 'em out. They continue to keep fighting and tonight they pretty much, You know, had control of this basketball pretty much throughout the entire game. TJ MCC Kama had five stills tonight. Gp, you watch, watch this game in it entirety in Indiana, the team, they go on the road and every series they won game one.


They lost game two in OKC. It was really a blowout. But they came, come home, normally come home, they normally lose game three but tonight was different. They got off to a slow start in the first quarter. They pick it up, get 40 points, they got 40 points against the best defensive team in basketball in the second quarter and then have a little lull in the third quarter. They pick it right back up in the fourth and go get 32. So those combined quarters, the second and the fourth, they get 72 points. What were they able to do tonight that caused in, that caused OKC so much trouble in this ball game? Well Shannon, what I really think is, is that what what Joe said was that they picked up their intensity of on defense.


I think they were into a lot of players a lot more. I think they were into Shaa a lot more then Shaa tried to take, take it onto his hands and become one of them players where he wanted to, to prove that he can go instead of passing the basketball and getting it around and getting other players involved. So they picked up the defense and they did a great job. I think to me where they lose basketball games, OKC is when they get there out of their means. When they, when they turn the ball over, when they turn the basketball over, they're not okay C then, then that takes away from their, their defense because their lows get down. And then what Indiana did was when they turned the ball over, they scored punch them, they scored the basketball.


When people turn the ball over and you score that takes a lot of oo off of you then. Then what they did was in third quarter they try to neutralize it. They go up what, five at the end of the third. But then what do the subs come and do for Indiana? They come and pick that energy back up. They pick the energy back up off of turnovers and then it takes away from your game when you turn the basketball over and you score. You know, could, you could say, oh I think off of turnover, off of turnovers. What? I think they outscored 'em by 20, I think Indiana outs scored 'em by almost 20 points and that hurt them. And then at the end of the game, if you don't make free throws to get back in the game, if they make them free throws, this game becomes closer.


And then when the Indiana comes down, they put pressure on them to score the basketball. But if you don't score, if you don't hit these free throws, what happens? They come down there and be comfortable. They still up eight or nine points and you lose the basketball game and that's what happened. But you gotta give a credit to Indiana for coming off the bench with their high energy and they take the gang to 'em. They're at home. They took the gang to 'em and I don't know how Oklahoma's gonna come back, but I think they're gonna come back strong 'cause they know that they're gonna have to match their intensity because Indiana is not gonna come in here and just lay down. Right. And you look at it, we talked about something the other night guys. We said Sha, I said man, when you come out that picket rule, double his ass trap him.


You see what they did tonight? Yeah. They trapped his ass Joe. They got turned overs off that they tied him up, got jumped balls. You gotta try something. You cannot let him play one-on-one. He's as good a one-on-one player as they as they, they have in the NBA and he puts that shoulder into him and get separation. Go ahead gp. Who do you think who, who, who, who? What team? Joe and you two And Ocho, when they don't win with they star a player and people do that to 'em all the time. What team is that? The Golden State Warriors. When they get hurt like that? Yes. Yeah. They're not an effective basketball team. Right. And I think a lot of teams gotta understand one-on-one basketball players when they come up to pick a roll, get the ball out of their hand and make people who don't know what they do.


That is not normal of doing that and handling the basketball and making big time plays. Make them big time. Make them make big time plays. Yeah. And Oklahoma only has one guy that can do that Chea. And that's William. He's the only other basketball player that can do it. And what do they do? Yeah, they let him score all the points and and they take Shaa out and he go nine for 20 and they lose the basketball game off of turnovers. But You know, I still think Oklahoma should be very, really confident because you're turning the ball over that many times. It's still in the basketball game to win it. Right. Your confidence gotta be high. Oh Joe, we looked at o we looked KC what they did to Indiana the first game. They turned them over 25 times.


They lost the game. Indiana found a way to get close in the fourth and they won it down the stretch. We watched the second game. I think they turned them over 17, 18 times. Yeah. And they won the ball game going away this game they only created 14 turnovers. Yeah. Indiana did a better job of taking care of the basketball. Yes sir. Now in Halliburton, he didn't have his best game handling the ball. 'cause Halliburton doesn't normally turn the ball over. Right. He had two or three really careless, careless turnovers. Like they picked him back at at, at half court, which he normally doesn't do. Yeah. What, what do you think OKC needs to do to make sure they don't go down three one going back to OKC because look, they had three guys with 20 plus points. Yeah. Again, Shaa was not as efficient this game as he was the fir the second game.


Remember he was like, what, 11 of 21 to the second game. He had 34. The first game he was really inefficient, had 38, but you had Chad Holmgren six of 15 in a fidt. They only shot, they shot the ball 47, 40 7% for the floor. They had 20 points from Chad. They got 26 from Jalen Williams. They got 24th and Sha but their bench didn't give up anything. Remember Joe Ocho gp? Yeah. The last game. Their bench. Remember Wallace, remember Caruso, what they gave him off the bench? The tides was flipped. You got 27, you got 49 points from Indiana's bench. Yeah. Ocho, what do you see? What, what did, what did you like about what you saw from Indiana and what you didn't like from OKC?


Well listen, honestly, I, You know, I, I picked the paces to win a series. So I like you did what I saw from a kc. You like everything you saw, I like everything I saw from them. Listen, the paces just played to me, to me from based on my eyes and my and my little bit of knowledge of basketball that I've learned to date. The Pacers tonight play their most complete game of the finals. They didn't wait until they was down. They didn't wait until they was down to, to decide to kick in gear defensively what they did di defensively getting the ball outta Shea's hands when coming off those picks, coming off those rolls and forcing other people to make plays. I think that was key defensively what they were able to do. The goddamn bench was really the stars. It wasn't Halliburton, it wasn't aka it wasn't them hard, it was what them boy did off the bench.


They goddamn damn TJ McConnell and Young Brother. I ain't heard nobody name Benedict boy since 1968. You hear me? I ain't gonna ain't gonna tell you on that. But be Benedict. Excuse me, excuse me if I put your last name, Benedict Ethereum. Did I say that right? Rin Mn M Rin Mathre. Okay. Mathen boy a young boy had 27 27. What he what? 27 pulling Four rebounds, one assist a block. Listen, all Efficient was a fishing, he was a game score higher. He had zero fear. Unc, he had zero Fear gp. Yeah, but listen, this wasn't, this wasn't just like a heat check shooting, right? This was playoff boys.


Yeah, I like that. Letting him play too. But You know what, I've noticed something about, I've noticed something about him. I have a question. When he doesn't get in foul trouble early. Yeah. You notice if when he gets in foul trouble early, he, it it takes away him as aggressive away from him. He's not the same player. Gp, Joe and Ocho. Yeah, he's not the same tonight. He stayed outta foul trouble. He stayed aggressive from the moment Carlisle put him in the game. He was aggressive for the entirety of the game. Yeah, I agree. A and when you look at Hallberg, look how he started the game. I know they didn't win the first quarter, but he was ultra aggressive in that first quarter. He was ultra aggressive. We talk about his aggressiveness to start the game. He wasn't passing, he was looking for his shot, he was getting to the cup.


He was getting in the paint calls and having and being disruptive in in, in, in OKCs defense and making plays and gp, You know this when you got a team shooting 51% from the field. Yeah. Hell, it's gonna be hard to beat there man. Yeah. Every time Like It's like KC it's like they defense has kinda went into a, like a laps to where they can't get stops. It's hard for 'em to get stops. So it's hard for 'em to get out and, and get points. So if you playing in this high scoring game like this, 116 points for the Pacers, this is the pace they want. They want, they want it high scoring like this. But You know what the problem is, Joe, is that all of their players are aggressive. That's probably, yeah.


It it's not just one guy, two, three guys aggressive right against coming out, being aggressive and against a great defensive team. What do you have to do to a great defensive team? Attack them. Attack them, you attack every time and all of them are attacking. And then on the other end they're being aggressive more and they don't hear a lot of them getting three and four files and they hear a sub and then Carlisle sub ring in somebody else and everybody's comfortable. When you get a team that's comfortable and that can match you and this Indiana team can match Oklahoma, they're not gonna beat 'em. Yeah. They're not gonna beat 'em. If you let 'em be comfortable and you don't and they don't turn the ball over and they make you turn the ball over and get you outta your game, they're not gonna beat them.


And especially at home, they're not gonna beat the Indiana team that can be more aggressive and have the energy coming in and making shots and doing things. They're not gonna beat it. And you look, you look at it, they had, I mean the guy, the Rick Carle's doing a great job with minutes. See I come 32 minutes, NIE Smith, 22 minutes, turn to 30 minutes. Nihar 33 minutes, Halliburton in 36 minutes. Obie Topp in 28 minutes, McConnell 15 minutes, makran 22 minutes Shepherd 18 minutes. You see, hey, give me everything you got while you out there and when you get tired, put your hands up and I'll put somebody else in the game And yeah. And they ain't no let up. No let up. And like you said, they're being aggressive.


They know it's become very difficult guys. We know OKC has a great defense. You gotta stay outta half court because if you let those guys, because they got tremendous wing defenders. Everybody is scraping. Yeah. Everybody got hands. You look at Wallace, you look at Dort, you look at Caruso, Isaiah, Joe Wiggins, all those guys can sit in the chair and slide multiple times. So they're doing a great job trying to get points in transition so they can't set up. I love what I saw. Look, yeah, Indiana, everybody had to wrote 'em off. I mean they were the o they were like one of the biggest favorites OKC were to win the finals that we've had in a absolutely very, very long time.


Yes. And I said, guess what? Absolutely. We weren't favored against the Milwaukee, we weren't favored against the Cleveland, we weren't favored against the Knicks, so we weren't so we're not gonna be favored. So guess what? We gonna have one of the, if they were to win this, this would be one of the most improbable runs. And when you figure they're doing it without a superstar player. When was the last time somebody won a finals without a superstar player? Wait, wait, wait, Wait. Whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. They, they're saying, you're saying Unc, they don't have a superstar player but they, they don't have a player that's playing like a superstar and is having a historic playoff run. No, no. Making shots doesn't make you a superstar.


O Joe. Ocho Halliburton, Halliburton is not a superstar. Huh? Hold with, hold on. I Ocho I'm agree with Uncle Net. He, he's not a superstar. He's a player. He's a good basketball player, but he's not a superstar. You might be right Ocho, he's playing like a superstar. Right? He's playing like that right now. Right. He's stepping up to the game because I think in my mind he's a all around complete point guard player. Yes sir. Yes. He think everything happened. He, he, he thinks get his players into it first and then he does everything and then he'll score. Yeah. You know, when he has to, You know, but he's not that, that player that before, You know, I'm not gonna say go get him and put him on the team and then I think I can get 40 from him every night.


That's not gonna happen. No, but he is playing like a superstar right now. Will will tell you that Ocho right? Not superstar Playing like that. Right. Think about it. We had that conversation before, not long ago. Remember remember we talked about superstar and Star? What's the first thing I Yeah. I say, oh listen, he's a star. He's a star. But, but the way he's playing in this playoffs, coming up in clutch moments for the Pacers Yeah. Is like, he's a goddamn superstar and just, just based on what I seen right now, You know, I I the piggyback off of GP saying he's a star playing like a superstar in the most opportune moments for the Pacers. And when they win these series, like I told y'all, what's gonna happen off Joe. I'm just gonna sneak that in there. Joe.


You owe me a hundred dollars too. I, I, Listen, listen. Money, money outta sight called the fight. I don't want that. Listen. Hey, hey GP. Meet gp. Listen. So listen, the last series, You know obviously the Nixon win so I was upset so Joe and I we got a little bet. So yeah, the, depending on each game we got a hundred dollars bet on each game. Yeah. So boom. And you don't want to, so that's 200 and Joe won one, so yeah, you up a hundred the man come right, the math comes right, It's Joe, Joe Cash, happy Bank, Halle play off Your ics have earned him a new nickname in the basketball reference.


His name now is G Ocho and Joe Tyrese. The moment Halliburton The moment I I like it. I like it, I like it always in the moment. He'll give what he has to in the moment. He'll make a big shot at that moment. He might not be playing well at all time. Yeah. But when only come and the lights shine on him, he ready, he always performs. So I I would give him that, that that, that nickname that that I, I like it. I like what Joe, I like what you said that he would, he know he went to the store and he was just, hey, he just went. Didn't do nothing. Nah, try on some ish I'ma try a pair of jeans, I'ma on a shirt.


Hey how about them shoes? Ima try on something tonight. He came out, he wasn't looking to just pass the ball around. Hey no, hey see aka you do it. Hey, hey Miles Turner. Hey Nihart. No, no you, you the guy. Yeah. And you see when he's aggressive, when he's in the twenties and he has a level assists. So now he's giving you his twenties. Now you got 11 assists. You know a couple of those going to have to be off threes. Yeah. So now he's getting everybody involved and he's involved. I agree. They can definitely win this series if he's going to play like that. But we shouldn't have to have like, damn Halle, come on bro. Why We gotta tell you every other game you need to be aggressive.


That should be understood. The game is so much easier for you guys when you do what you're s and I understand gp, he's a past first point guard. He's not, first of all he's a true point guard. We got a lot of guys masquerading and they're masquerading his points, but they're really two guards. Russ, harden Luca, those are really twos masquerading your points. Shannon, Shannon, Shannon in the NBA tell me what have, what did all the point guards play in this NBA right now? Yeah, the point guards. What did they play in college? The two guard two? Yes. Yeah. 32 or one. And that's why I hate when people come to, to my area and talk about, oh he's one of the greatest point guards.


No you not you. He's a two masquerading of the point outta my get outta my lane. Man. When you, when I was playing man, we was true point guards man. You don't, the CVDs are twos. Yeah. I watched them in college play the two. They was converted to a one. You know what I'm saying? Yes, he's true. It's only two point guards in the NBA right now. And that's, that's Chris ball and him, they're true point guards, right. That look to pass the ball and get people better and then they come and do But Allen Bird, he does, he does everything. He rebounds the basketball. Yeah, he, he, he makes assists and then he scores when he has to. You know what I'm saying?


And that, that's a point guard to me. He was a rebound short of a triple double. He was a, hold on Joe. He was a rebound short of a triple double 22 points. 11 assists, nine rebounds. He was not, excuse me, nine rebounds, one rebound short of a triple double. Go ahead Joe. GP, I'm glad you, glad we, we agreed on what we talked about earlier about Halliburton being a star and not a superstar. What do you need to see from him? What do you need to see from him for him to be a superstar in your eyes? What else does he have to do or Oh, kind of run consistently, But what team he's on to me, for you to be a superstar nowadays in this era, and and Joe would know that I Think you would have to be, you have to be more of a score.


You have to be more dominant. You know I'm saying and I, he's not that type of basketball player. Yes sir. So what it is, is is that now people have to say you a superstar because of what his production is every night. Right? Now if he comes and gets a triple double and averages triple double for the year, now you become a superstar. Yes sir. And your team is wing on a consistent basis and doing the things that you do, then you gotta do it. But as Joe note, you gotta be done to be a superstar. That's it. You they gotta just start saying red recognition. Yeah. You gotta get recognition. Oh Joe, how much money you paying to go see Halliburton?


Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that Jo at GP Joe, you better tell him. Yeah, but listen, that is true Ocho Yeah. Who is coming every night to say I'm gonna pay a thousand, two, $3,000 to come see Heller. Okay. That's not a, that's not a Pacers fan. Yeah, a lot of Pacers fan because, but where you go you gotta go to, you gotta go to what? 30 So other, but you got 41 games on the road. Yeah. You gotta go to 30, you gotta go to 30 some other cities. Absolutely. You gotta go to like 29 or whatever. I mean teams to 29, 30. You gotta go to 29 other cities. Yes sir. And see who comes and, and, and pay that money. Boom. Right. He's gonna be the man in in Indiana. Yes.


That's where he plays at.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


the NBC nightly News. Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see a Back? I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there. Force firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it. Or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay. I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real care attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years. So I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime, lot of ice. Refreshing, easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


He is perfect for them. Yeah, that's what he is. He's perfect for Indiana. And we're not trying to minimize, I like, You know what, I like that nickname. That nickname the moment is very remarkable. He should run with that. Yeah, yeah. Hey, I'm put that on my shoes. I'm putting, hey, as a matter of fact, I'm changing my social media. I'm the moment you see what Paul Prince did with the truth? Oh yeah. You see what Kobe did with Mamba? Hey Shaq. Hey, don't nobody calls Shaquille. Shaquille, he Shaq, he the dj, right? Well he was Aren LeBron. Yeah. I got everybody the big Aristotle, the big chamber. DC Oh, he everything. Hey, hey, hey look, we gotta, we gotta give Indiana they credit though man.


They, they, they offense is fueled, You know, it's been fueled by that defense the way they pick up full court. They've done it the whole postseason. They've been disruptive. And I think that's the most gratifying thing for me when I watch 'em play. 'cause even when they down gp, they still picking up 94 feet. They picking up 94 feet. They gonna weigh you down. They going. And I like the fact that they switched up the coverages today. Like, man, don't get shade. A steady guy. Yeah. Make him, make him think about it. 'cause now when he come off that pick and roll, gp, Ocho and Unc, now he thinking like, okay, damn, are they trapping? Are they going get, are they going, are they going be in a drop? What they gonna be in? So now he's kind of second guessing himself on how to make his moves. And I thought it, I thought it worked for him. Hey, if he turned it back, hey, if he turned his back, hey the guy that he turned his back to go to it absolutely.


They got four guys that do that. And they're pressuring and they're, what they're doing is they're, they're trading off guarding and they and they keeping, they keeping pressure on him. And now what that does to Shay is that he starts saying, I can't get my game off. I can't get my game off. So what'd he do? He start, he start forcing things pressing, try to slick. He try to start to go by. He, he, he won't even give up the ball if the double come he'll keep and then they start putting their hands in there and sticking them and, and he and he and he turned the ball over. But the one thing that's killing him, the referees are not calling that nigga. They, they letting him play stuff, play fight.


So that's hurting too because he usually gets them foul right now I giving him that. Even when he going to the bucket and they're bumping him, they're not calling that and he's taking files. He's taking shots. He trying say like it's gonna be a and one, but them balls are just saying them referees are saying no play. This is what we gonna do. Right? Yeah. And it's making this game very hard right now. We've given KC guys a lot of credit. I think we need to give ne hard, we need to give ne Smith, we need to give Maper, we need to give Shepherd. We need to give those guys credit because they're doing, as you said, they're doing an unbelievable job. Each guy is a little different. Each guy has a different body type and they're playing in different ways.


So he's not getting used to any one person. Ne Smith got him for a minute, Nihar to take him, and now re comes in, Mathre takes him and then Shepherd comes in. He'll deal with him. Yeah, yeah. Hey see, hey aka hey look, once again he turn his back. Hey y'all come because he not, he's not, he's not one of these point guards like a Luca or LeBron. That's really that. He goes to the basket and he's looking to kick out four three. He's looking to get the ball up to the rim. So hey, come from behind Swat that. How many, how many times did AKA get it down? How many times did Miles Turner? So I think we need to give and rightfully so. Okay. See we know what they are defensively, but I think we need to give the pacers because they're doing an unbelievable job.


What? 20 points in the third. They gave up 20, hold up 2015. They 15 points in the fourth quarter. 28 points in the second quarter. So that's 43 points over two quarters. And look at the paces, man. They had 11 blocks, man. Yes, 11 blocks. So it lets You know, they contesting everything. They're very aggressive and they making it tough on OKC. Man, I, I, I love to see it guys. This, this is has this has been a pretty good series if you ask me, especially from a defensive standpoint, from what Indiana is trying to impose their will feeding off their crowd tonight. It looked amazing in there and You know, they was able to come, come away with the victory. So OKC gotta get back to the drawing board man.


They gotta come out with much more energy and be able to sustain. Hey look GP in the four quarter, I look with four, five minutes left. Everybody for KC was grabbing they shorts bent over grabbing they shorts. They were dead down tired. Yeah. And that's what they gonna want. They gonna pressure you all game and hopefully you die toward the end. I thought toward the end it it, it was a telltale because they started missing free throws. I was like 18 points. Excuse me, my baby. Yeah. 18 points KC scored 18 points, not 15 in the fourth quarter. Yeah, go ahead JP Joe. This is just like a prize fighter. If you get beat on for 12 and 15 rounds and keep knocking, you knocking, what are you gonna do? You're gonna get caught and then by the time it comes to the end of the, the end of the game, you're gonna be dead tired and you're gonna fool around and get knocked out.


You see what I'm saying? And that's just the way game ball and that's what Indiana is doing. And and Sha and Shannon you said it, they're just, we gotta give credit really to Carlock because his game plan that's doing what he's doing, he's selling him to double, he's selling him to come behind and block shots. And then what'd he do? He start, he starts sobbing. He said, now you take him, you get over three 10 minutes, you press him, you dog him out for three minutes, now you go get him for three more minutes. Now you go get him for three more minutes. And what they're doing is like a prize fighter. Yeah. They're wearing you down. Yeah. When we used to see fighters, man, if they jabbed you and jabbed you and jabbed you and kept you away, what did you do?


You got they got frustrated. Yeah. Buses start getting frustrated because you getting that head all toe up, You know, getting this all beat down. Right. What they're doing is, is they beating his body down and he's trying to force things now and it's not working. Yeah. They're gonna have to come with a game plan where they're gonna have to kick the ball and other people are gonna have to produce. And that's just because they're not gonna let sha play the game. He's the ndp, he's a superstar and he hurts you. Yeah. Now what, what what I do, I take that type of basketball player out of the game and once they do that they're gonna win games like this and, and Oklahoma City is gonna have to get a game plan and come with something different for game four.


Hey listen, I'm not letting them play one on one. Go ahead O Joe. Say Unc GP and, and, and Joe listen, I think this is the rest of the series. Shea is gonna have to pick his spots. He gonna have to choose his spots and change his game a little bit. You know, maybe you can come out and be as assertive as you like to be. You know, You know you're not gonna give those fo so you gotta pick and choose and spurt when to take those shots, when to drive, when to try to create those foul, You know, when to get to your mid, when to put the ball on the floor, when to kick it out. If they trap you the way they are trapping you, maybe you have to, your approach to the game in general has to be completely different and getting everybody else involved first and then picking your, your your, your shots and your chances and when to be assertive and hoping, You know, you guys can win on the defensive end.


You know, maybe transition, You know, getting some easy box, easy buckets to get yourself in rhythm, You know. But out outside of that, I really don't see the patients coming up off this lead the way it is. We are, we already up and I told y'all before the series started or the paceon was probably going to win this series 'cause the rest of the world had crowned the thunder, the NBA champions already. And this is just what I expected to happen. Also, also what I think what Shay has to do is, is he has to get rid of the ball a little sooner, but he's gotta start moving right once, get rid of the ball, start cutting on him a little bit and get easier buckets. Because what he wants to do is he wants a iso he wants you, he he wants you one-on-one. If he gets you one on one, you're done.


Yeah. But now they're doing him and they understand that. And I go again to Carlisle, he understands that that's, this kid is very good one-on-one basketball player right by yourself. So he doesn't want him to play by himself. A lot of coaches don't feel, don't understand that they let your players just play and this and this era guys are too good. Everybody play like that. Right, right, right. Yeah. So he's not letting it happen and he's understanding and, and look he's getting rewarded with it. He's getting wins and his players are getting a big, a lot of confidence. Yeah. Yep. And then Oklahoma City has gotta win game four or this is over. I don't see him beating them three in a row.


Gp you said something very interesting. You say he needs to get some easier baskets like cut without the basketball, but that's not his game. Right. That's the Curry's game. Right. There are not a whole, there are not a whole lot of guards. There are not a whole lot of players because I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna do something that I haven't been doing and I'm gonna do it in the biggest game of the biggest game of my life. That's not what he does. See what makes Steph so hard? Steph can handle the ball and he's also great. He's more dangerous when he does not have the ball. Oh yeah. Because if you let your guard down for just a second, a three ball is going up and it's probably gonna hurt. You see that's not shaa. Like you said, Shaa wants the ball, he wants to play one on one. He's gonna put that, check that shoulder in your chest, create separation and then get the shot off.


Well if you let him play one-on-one, you can't stop that because they're not gonna call him for a charge. 'cause he was moving, he was dislodging these smith, he was dislodging them hard. So they're not gonna call that. But I'm gonna take the ball out of his hands. Now if he starts moving without the ball, I'll adjust after that. But I'm not letting him play one on one against me by, with nobody. Hey, hey gp, I'm curious, I'm curious to hear what you think, what do you think about the lineup change with Holish at the five? 'cause You know, Stein like tonight he was kind of non-existent, You know, if you ask me. So what do you think about the lineup change with them? Just going with one big, I know they probably don't want ish playing against Pascal aka at the four, but I just feel like defensively, man, they, they gotta, they gotta clog up the pain a little bit.


You know, be, be a little more tough down there and being able to rebound, get one shot, rebound or even get second chance shots on the offensive end. 'cause I feel like that's one area that's kind of hurting Joe. You, you are absolutely right. Me. I wouldn't be switching. I'll, I'll keep, I'll keep it hung at at the four and get my big my in there. But what I would do, Joe, I would punish Indiana on the other end by trying to go into him. Right. And make it, make it a, a a, a physical game and go without in, in and out with him. Right. That's why it's, it's messing up because they can't match up with them like that and that hurt them. Right. And I, girl, he's gotta be, he's gotta perform. I don't care that mediocre game, he's gotta be big every game.


And I don't think that is what he's doing. He's gotta be big every game. I wouldn't have switched my lineup. I would've still been with him getting rebounds, getting things over, being aggressive and keeping that in. And then when they sub I would sub with them. You know what I'm saying? Right. And that's just the way it gotta go. And I, I think that the lineup change was, was not a good one. I would've stayed with my big men and punish 'em inside, get rebounds and keep myself in the basketball game. And you're right Joe, that was a big difference to me. I seen that and I said that's not gonna work because they don't match up with 'em very well. They get Hey, Indiana getting a lot of layups guys on the offensive end, like, You know what I think happened Joe, You know mean I think, what's that?


I thought, I think Dag saw what Cleveland Cleveland with two bigs. Yeah. Got blown out. Yeah, the Knicks played two bigs and it, and so he's like, You know what, I'm gonna make the adjustment because you see with, with Mobley and, and and and what's the big Allen? Jared Allen. Allen. Two bigs. Yeah. They lose four. One call Anthony Townsend, Mitchell Robinson. So he's looking, he's thinking that like, hold on, none of my guys, first of all, Hartenstein is not an offensive weapon. Right. So he's only gonna get floaters and possibly put backs, hold on. See Howum held his own against Kat. He held his own against Evan Mobley. Che ain't got ain't gonna play with his basket to the basket. He is going play out a bigger river, Shannon.


They're, they, they can't, they can't guard. See you see that? That's the difference. They can't guard 'em. They're too big for that. This big guy. I'll just put him on Turner and then we'll have, we'll equalize the thing. Soon as Turner goes out the game, I do it even with two big men, you still have to attack them. The two. I don't think the Knicks big men are are that good? Only towns. That's only what I think. Yeah. Yeah. And then Cleveland Mobley and Allen didn't have a good series period, You know what I'm saying? And they started off hurt from the get when, when, when, You know, they were already hurt. So that was, that was just a little different. I think if Cleveland would've been a little healthier, they would've been cool and they would've did it.


But with this right here, I Think you don't change your, your style when you've been going with it all year, You know, you don't change your style, you stick with it and go and and and knock people down. And I just think that they gotta equalize it when they sub they sub Joe, You know, it you, you sub people when they, when they sub you gotta gotta do that. Yeah. And that's just the way it goes. And I just think Oklahoma is just getting outplayed right now. Yeah. Just absolutely. Y'all just understand. They're just getting outplay. Listen, we can't give can't give them no excuse. They're just getting outplay. You know what, You Know what, You know what gp, Joe and Unc, not only are they getting outplayed, but Oklahoma's office, he is making it easier for Indiana too with the turnovers.


Absolutely. Turnovers, You know that too. And also I forgot, I forgot when I said when about OKC having those bigs out down on the court. Obviously she, I mean obviously she is really no threat defensive, he outside of length and height and then Hartenstein. Yeah. He a real, he is a real protector. He's not an, he's not an on ball defender. Right, right, right. Their on ball defenders are the wing players and they got a plethora of those. Yeah. And because Chet doesn't have enough bricks in his back pocket, he's not gonna play with his back to the basket. See Yaka is under no threat. Yeah. And so if he goes with Miles Turner, miles Turner play Chet Holmgren, he could play on the wing or he can play 'em down low. Yeah. Because he's no threat, only on the Wing. Is he a threat? And so Hartenstein is only looking to get loose balls.


He's gonna rebound, he's gonna give you second chance points, but he's not an offense. So they're not even worried about him, y'all. And so now, but you, what you do is that you become smaller. You don't give yourself, you don't give yourself second chance opportunities. You don't give yourself a a rebounding. You don't give yourself a a, a defensive prowess because look, you got enough defense on if you got Lou Dot, you got Jalen Williams and Shay Shaa was one, two and Steels. We know what lou.is. Yeah. He's all defensive player. We know what Jalen Williams is. He's an all defensive player. You got plenty of defense. Why would you ever do that when you got, you won 68 games with that big lineup Tell you, I don't know why I would never, and and, and and Shannon you're saying what I'm saying, I would've never changed my lineup.


I'm not going to make them change my lineup of what I'd done all year. I won 68 games. Yeah. I don't care what nobody say with that lineup. So you don't do it. And then I don't want, I didn't wanna say nothing about the light, the light nas, but You know I'm saying ain't wanna say nothing but ain't too light. You know what I'm saying? It ain't gonna work that way man. So I'm just saying y'all, it, you don't change because I what you've been doing gp, OO Ocho and Joe, I can make an adjustment once I see what you're doing, but I'm not gonna adjust before I even get to the damn game. Damn. I'm making adjustment. That's what I'm saying. When I don't need to, if, if, if that's what I'm saying.


If I'm getting killed by the smaller lineups, well then I'm, because see here the problem is this is what Golden State got a lot of teams to do. They, they, oh I'm taking my bigs off the court. No, y'all need to keep y'all bigs on the court and punish them down low. Give somebody to play with their back to the basket and punish Draymond or punish Steph punish Clay. But when you try to go small, this and that's what they wanted you to do. They wanted you to take your big out and now Draymond's playing the five you got Iggy and you got all those little guys running around. That's not how you play. And you play how you play, let them play how you play and then make adjustments accordingly. Ocho Wait, wait, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Shannon Ocho. Yeah, you Shannon just said about Golden State.


Yeah. About you was trying to adjust, what did Minnesota do to him? Minnesota kept, they digs in there, killed them, BSO used them on that small lineup and went at 'em. You you, you seen Randall, he averaged 30, You know what I'm saying? And then they picked the big boy that came from Oklahoma Adams and they were killing them. They couldn't get a rebound. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And they was bad. And then Oklahoma City is doing the same thing right now. They're getting one and done and they ain't getting no rebounds, they're doing anything. That's her. I think, Hey look, when you, when you look at the intangibles that Harden brings, like he says great picks on Ocho and jp, he, he will say he will lay wood on them guys and roll to the basket and get dunk.


But look, when he rolled to the basket, even if he ain't got that little floater, he makes great decisions by spraying out for threes or hitting hungry gr for a live dunk or something. Like man, I just, I just feel like they, they at least he even try to go back to it and look, if it don't work in the first five to seven minutes, okay we can solve. But like you say, we won 68 games off that, why are we changing when we the best team the whole entire season? I I never understood That. Hey, hey Joe gp I hear y'all Unc I hear you too. But I, but I I think they, they made that change in that lineup. So because Hard Stein they understand listen okay, getting a few boards or getting a few put backs or getting a few alleys, You know, coming off picks and rows or whatnot. He's still a liability on defense.


He's a liability. And the way them goddamn Pacers transition, when they do grab them boards off the court, they going up and down and then it's like it's goddamn phone goddamn five. And they, They understand that he's not that much of a liability ojo, he ain't that much liability. Now Turner in the game too. All he gotta do is run, get down, get down the flow. Man. I I I'm just telling you. Yeah, he ain't that much liability. He gotta get down the flow. Like we said, he done played all year like this and Ojo, you gotta understand it's only seven games left, but it's only accept Angel left baby. All you gotta do is go in there and get busy and y'all only gotta win folk. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. And that's it. You gotta suck it up during this time man.


To me, suck it up. You gotta be able to adjust to everything that's going to happen. And with this big dude, I, I agree with Joe. He, he brings too much to their table. He brings too much. He brings too much picks. He brings enough getting make, making people alter shots, he throwing to the basket. And if he doing that Yeah. And not stopping it, then who's gonna make an adjustment. Right. They are, they're gonna start making adjustments, You know what I'm saying? Don't just come in the game and say, oh man, I done looked at film for two or three days now I'm gonna change my line up man. What? And I don't get it's one, one. Oh it was one to one man, you not losing two.


Oh you in a panic to me when you change your lineup, that's a panic. Right. Just stay with what you got and see what happens. Yeah, I thought, I thought he gonna go back to his lineup. Gary. No he is not. No he is not GP because he, I think so me and Joe talked about this game one he started out, 'cause I was looking at the lineup. I was like, why is Wallace, I say where he he game, he started this game one, he took Hartenstein outta the starting lineup and put Wallace in. I, Joe and I, we talked about this. I was like, Joe, I just don't understand that I'm gonna make an adjustment when I need to. I, if my car's running fine, I'm not finna take it to the shop and say, Hey man, change the transmission. What the car, the car going Je Hey gp, I'm going along good.


I don't need to treat the, it's not that it is a, it's not grinding. I can back up. I can go forward. Why would I go to the mechanics? They tried the transmission when there's nothing wrong with a perfectly good car. Yeah. You won 68 games. You got the MVP, you got one of the top defensive teams in basketball with the big lineup and in the most important series of the OKC under the dag knot. You make this change. Now look, it can still work out, but I look, I would've, I'm gonna make an adjustment when I need to make an adjustment and I don't think they needed to make an adjustment. I agree man. Most points off the bench in the NBA finals game, Sam Cassel has the record in 1995 in game two he had 31 downtown Freddie Brown, the Supersonics, now the OKC Thunder.


In 1978, game one, he had 30 Benedict Rin Pacers 2025, game three, he had 27. Jason Terry, Dallas, Mavericks 20 20 11, game 6 27 and Manu Ginobili 2007, game 4 27. So Benedict Math had won a game. It's his playoff career high and he picked a great time to have it. And he looked good too, man. He looked damn good on don't jump on the bandwagon now, Joe. Don't do that. Don't we Ain't we ain't gonna even be talking like this on Friday and vote KC come back and win. You know what I'm saying?


So KC we, we can sit here and talk all that. It's still two one going into game four KC has. Just, just understand that, get a win and shoot win. Get a win and go back to KC and go, got the home court advantage back again to yourself. You know what I'm saying? And that's what it is. But you gotta, y'all gotta understand, well we, we gotta give Indiana all this credit. They did a great job of winning game game three. That's what they're supposed to do. They're at home Now what the KC has to do is just come back. You guys gotta understand two times in its playoffs. OKC has done this, they have done this, they have lost game one came back in, won game two and lost game three. You know what I'm saying?


And they've been in this situation before. Now you gotta come in the game four and just say, Hey, let's just win this game. Shut everybody up, go back home and we'll see what happens. That's not us. All they gotta do, if they went and listen, what all they wanna do is go back, go back to OKC Tide and I got game five and game seven on my home court. It's not gonna happen. I done told y show. I bet you, I bet you that old Joe Friday that they beat 'em, they going Oklahoma gonna beat em. Hold on. You want the bet? Something? Put something, I bet it, bet it. Hey, make it light on yourself. Make it light on yourself. Hey, anything goes with me, okay? You better honey. Better. I bet you honey. Huh? Now he can't hear.


Now his internet acting funny. My wifi is just lagged a little bit. Alright? Yeah. You sure? I'm sure if you want to we can go three. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I got, I got, I got child support, I got, I got child support due in two weeks. So we, I got you and you got adult support too. I want my 5,900 I got you on. I got you baby. I got, Hey, so hey listen, soon as G paid me Friday and soon as Joe gimme my, my a hundred. That's yo yeah. Keep me outta it. Keep me outta this. Okay. Me out Ocho, I'll see. I'll see you. My cash app. I'll just let it sit there for a little while and get a little interest.


I got you.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka, you hope to see you Back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing, easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile with the price of just about everything going up. We thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid to get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent. $15 per month required. New customer offers for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees extra. See siemen mobile.com.


Lou Williams had high praise for SGA today saying, we're looking at Kobe Bryant being created too soon for the Kobe comparison. GP you played with Kobe at his absolute apex. Are we, is this is, is this a good comparison too soon? Nowhere near Kobe man. There gonna be one Kobe. That's it. I don't care what y'all say, it's only one Kobe. Yeah, yeah. Just like y'all telling me to say Joe Buckets over there. Ain't nobody like Joe, Joe can get buckets. You know what I'm saying? Don't y'all compare people to people, especially somebody like, like Kobe Bryant, let, let's sha be shake. Yeah. I don't think he Kobe yet, You know what I'm saying? I don't think he ever will be Kobe.


He's a great basketball player, but you guys slow down and ain't gonna be, there ain't gonna be no Kobe no more. Kobes was a a a different basketball, it was a different beast. You know what I'm saying? So don't don't compare him to that. And for y'all people to be even put people's name on other people. That's not for me. For me, it, I I can see gp, Joe Ocho, I can see the comparisons when people say style of play that's Jordan and Kobe because the style of play is very, very similar. Yeah. When I look at Shaa, I don't see, I don't, I don't see anything that reminds me of Kobe. Honestly. I don't either. I'm saying the same thing, Shannon, that that's not, that's not, I'm being knocked. And that's not a knock, that's not a knock shape because I think he's phenomenal.


I think we all in agreeance. He's phenomenal. Yeah. He earned the MVP this season. Yeah. But when I watched his game and I watched Kobe from day one when he air balled against Utah in the playoffs. So I watched him his entire career. I don't see, I don't see Kobe, I don't think. Oh, but that's co I don't, I don't see that. I mean, Kobe was a different beast, Shannon. I'm just telling y'all it's a different, it's a different beast. And then we could compare Jordan and Kobe. 'cause Kobe tried to be like Jordan. Yes. Saying so. It, it, it, it, it's, it's, it's, it's a little bit different man. I, and I hate people that even try to compare anybody else game to somebody. You putting, you putting that man name on, on greatness. You know what I'm saying?


So y'all stop that. It, it is no comparison there. I I don't think that. Yeah. I just like somebody saying they, they, they play like you in football. Like what you're getting me, man, get outta here man. Y'all, y'all talking stupid right now. You know what I'm saying? That's like doing dumb stuff, man. So just slow down people Slow down. Yeah. Slow down on that. I think, I think most of the time when it comes to people, yeah. Even, even some elite players, some of those with the, with great knowledge of basketball, we become, we become prisoners of the moment. They become prisoners of the moment we do seeing something that looks or depicts what we're used to seeing in greatness as Kobe is, You know, the, the, the styles and the smoothness, the, the, the butter like style of play is, is somewhat similar.


You know, being able to get to your shot, get to your mid, and when he rises up, he look like Kobe a little bit. But SGA has his own style. SGA has his own style. And even putting that pressure on SGA, even though he is won MVP and even though he has a toolbox, putting that pressure, him comparing him to Kobe, you shouldn't do that because Kobe is, is he's, he's an Iconic figure in his own right. And, and the way he is approached to the game is completely, completely, completely different. And he's in a class of his own where the comparison shouldn't even be right. As great as SGA is, It's when people try to don't foul. It's like when people say, man, LeBron ain't, ain't Jordan.


No. LeBron game is like magic. Absolutely. That's the com. That's the comparison that you should make. 'cause both of those guys were passwords. Now LeBron is a better score than, than, than, than, than, than than Magic could rebound the ball better than magic. But the, the way they orchestra, the way they control the ball game, both would pass first. Now if you need me to go give you 30, I Think you, I think LeBron is a better score. He could score the basketball better, better than Magic. Magic taught him. And both guys taught themselves how to shoot Magic. Had that little push, that little one handed push GPU you, oh hey, You know, You know, I, You know, I played, I'm just even, You know what I'm saying?


So he had that little push, that little push one handed, but it was effective magic big guy, six nine could post Magic was looking, Hey, you better have somebody, Hey, you better have have your boots on if you be ready to play. Because if you were small, magic was gonna post your ass. And I and Shannon, he he knew how to do the, the hook shot. He was that baby hook that everything, see, he was a little different. And, and the way, what we should say about LeBron and Magic, they're both all around basketball. Yes, correct. Please. Yeah. They're complete basketball players, they do everything. You see what I'm saying? So that's what what people compare to people and all that stuff, man.


Now that would be a great comparison. Yes. Both of them two are complete basketball players, they're all around playing. And then you gotta look at Magic was six nine and about two something, and then you got LeBron six, eight and two something. So you gotta you gotta understand they are the comparison when you do, now if you say LeBron look like magic, I'll be like, yeah, yeah, I can see that. That's so true. That's real true. But when you say Sha look like Kobe stop bitch. Wait, who, who made that? Who made that? Who made that comparison? Lou will. Okay. Okay. Hey, hey. To kind answer your question that you asked earlier, when the last time we seen a team like this win a championship, it would probably be that Pistons team.


I think gp you played against that piston team. I know they had like Yeah, you had to mention that thing guy. Are you all on that joke? Joke? Hey look, they had about three, four all stars that year, but Super Joe, they had four. Four. Yeah. Yeah. So, but You know, they, I don't think not, I don't think more than one person stood out. They all, they was by committee and they, they attacked that Lakers team man like, like no other. And Joe, they didn't have Allstar, they had Ben Wallace, they had Rasheed, they had Prince, they had Hamilton and Chauncey. So that, that was their, they they had all five basketball players, wasn't a story.


They all had five basketball players and they played together and then they had guys coming off the bench. That was kinda nice too. You feel? Yeah. So you feel what I'm saying? Yeah. So you right. Comparison to one team that won a championship and that was in oh four against us. They didn't have a superstar, neither, You know, all players, all good basketball players. Hey gp. I think when, when Mailman got hurt, I think that really hurt y'all Shannon. I, I said to everybody and everybody said we were 18 and two, when Karl Malone got hurt, when he went down, it blew us all up because we didn't have the, we didn't have the structure of everything and we're applying, we're trying to play a triangle and I was just, just trying to get custom to the triangle.


And then you gotta understand we had a lot of problems within ourselves. Yeah. You know, coach was going through what he was going through. Shaq was with a few with Dr. Bus and we were wearing in a thing and, and Carl kept us together because you remember when Carl got hurt and we were before 18 and two and we all was having was 17 and I was averaging 18. So we were all like 18, 17, 17, 17. And it was flowing. And you are right Carl, Carl Malone took it away from us and it, and then it blew us up. It blew us up when he, when that happened, KD was online yesterday and had time to go back and forth with someone on X. It all started when he responded to a tweet saying, I think it is time to admit Kevin Durant's trajectory after leading Golden State is very underwhelming.


KD responded, I highly disagree. One debate, another guy, the same guy said, no disrespect, you are one of the mo best, most skilled players in NBA history. But ever since leaving Golden State, you haven't done much. And you're going to be on your third team then if you get traded, if you Think you stayed in Golden State, you would've won more championships. All stars 50, 40, 90, all NBA official bucket brother. I also got a career high assist one year hit 30,000 points, won a couple of gold medals and MVP and a award, a career. I'm still going, I love life. I haven't done much. It, it's just your opinion, not based on facts.


Once again, your statement is talking about me as an individual. Right. Because you can't talk about my teams without talking about everybody else ass. Well, so without them being involved in the convo, it comes down to just me. I've laid it out. What I've done, if you want to talk about basketball as a team sport, those are two separate things. This is what we, Kevin, I agree with what Kevin says, but if we look at it, that's not how they judge LeBron. That's not how they've ever gp they don't judge great like that. They like either you won, they, because the winners get the credit and when they lose, they get the blame. That's just the way it is.


Right. When you are a great player, Shannon, you're always gonna take the blame. It it is always, we, I don't care what nobody say. When you are a focal point of everything that you lose, you're going to get the blame. It's just that you gotta take it the way it is. You gotta take the good for the bad. You know what I'm saying? You gonna take it when it's good. So when it's bad, take it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And K and KD is my guy, You know, that's my little youngster. So he's gonna go back at you kd leave it alone, man. You know how great you is. Just come back. What you gotta do, man. It is what it's, You know, once you come to a team, and I think Katie has not been on a good basketball team since he left Golden State.


Yeah. Right. I'm just gonna tell you, I don't believe that he, he hasn't been on a good basketball team. He had another great next to him that can make shots and do everything. Remember Draymond was, was was fresh, he was young. You had a, a young clay. You had I you had a lot of good basketball players on there that, You know, you can, you can get around and, and Livingston and, and Livingston. Well I forgot about my guy. He changed the game around. You know what I'm saying? Miss D You know what I'm saying? And loan. But he's gotta understand if he goes to a good basketball team, if he gets traded for Phoenix, then he can do at it because I don't think nobody can still stop it.


He, he can score the basketball too. Well he still averaged 26 this year. Don't understand. You know what I'm saying? It's just that he was just on a bad basketball team. And what happens is if he gets traded to somebody good, he can, he can show that skill again of what he is. And he hasn't lost a step. I don't care what you say. You don't have to lose a step up in this, in this era, in this NBA because all you gotta do is be able to score and he could still score the basketball Joe before you go. The problem that they're gonna run into is that when he went to Golden State, he was a free agent. So they didn't have to give up anything. If you trade for him, you are gonna lose some of your depth. Yeah. That's what happened. That's what happened with Phoenix.


Oh yeah, they got him. But look at what they had to give up to get him. Right. And now you trade, now you bring in Bradley Bill, you had to give up more depth. And the analogy I like to use GP is like when Carmelo went from Denver to New York, well you had to give up so much to get him. So when he got there, he damned near by himself. Yeah. So when KD Gold, you got storying, but you got no depth. Look at the teams that are in BNBA finals. What do they have depth? Both don't have a player that's, I mean, you might say Shay might be the closest thing and equivalent to him, but what do they have? Look at the, look at the benches. Look at anytime the a book on KD and they leave the court.


The the the benches was, was awful. So when you can go somewhere as a free agent and they don't have to give up any compensation for you now. But look, Kevin kd he's not gonna win this argument. I don't care what and everything that he said is true. He's the, he's our, he's our greatest Olympian basketball player. No, no doubt about it. But he was never, and I used the analogy, new new edition, he was never gonna be accepted like the OG members, Ronnie, Bobby, Rick in Rick and Mike. He was never, because You know what he was Johnny Gill.


Johnny Gill could, I sang them all. Oh. But he didn't grow up in Roxbury. So when you look at it like it's, it's like it's, it's, it is rare that you have somebody that comes onto a group that, that wasn't a part of the original group and people remember it. So that's what KD was. KD is great. He's historically great and we might not ever see a guy his size that could handle Dirk was his height, but Dirk shot that one-legged. Dirk wasn't putting the ball on the floor, getting to the rim, like kd he wasn't putting ball on the floor and getting to the mid like KD a and Shannon, I gotta, I gotta correction on that.


He, the greatest Olympian is Carmelo. Oh, you, you, you put Carmelo. Okay. Because he, he done scored all the points in the thing. He did everything in a lot of Olympics that he got all the records and he do it off the bitch. Yeah, he, he got all the records. So I if you wanna say doing all accomplishment in Olympics as one player, that's Carmelo Anson. He is the one. Joe, what's your take Joe? Man, listen you as far as KD moving around, going to a new team, I wanna see him go somewhere man, when he don't have to do much dirty work, fellas. I wanna see him go somewhere where he can just, You know, kind of thrive offensively. Yeah. Defensively he gonna make a difference.


But if you put him on any team, that's pretty good and g You know, he gonna take him over the top. Yeah man. He's gonna take him to that next level where they trying to, whether it's San Antonio, whether it's Houston, whether it's Detroit, wherever it, wherever it may be, I just wanna see him get, get somewhere to where, You know, he can catapult a team to the next level. Man, Joe, what team would, what what, what team would you think that that would be? I mean, just depends on what we gotta what you gotta give up to get him. Yes. I would go, I see I like Houston, I love throw I three team deal and give away two of them little players from Houston. Keep your core a little bit of core and then you'll, you can still be good.


Yeah. Because you gonna probably have to, the thing is, you're probably gonna have to give up Shung good and Jalen Green. Jalen Green, I, I I wouldn't care about that Jalen Green and she going, but you got all them other younger players around because you, I I'm not giving up on Min Thompson. I'm not giving up Thompson. I'm not, not that. Not that. And You know where he from? She, You know, he's from, he from the Bigley. Bigley. Oh right. I don't think, I can't see, I can't see Houston giving up Shang go, You know, you don't think so. That's the low. Now maybe now I know, I don't know if the money will add up if you give up Jabari Smith Jr. But I don't see them giving up St. Goon. Man, I, I wouldn't give him up either, Shannon.


I would give up green and pro and, and and probably but how do we, how do we make the money? Right. But you gotta go at three team trade. That's what I'm saying. You gotta bring a third team in to bringing them moving there because the third team can give up some draft picks. You're gonna have to least give up three first round draft pick for sure. You're gonna have to, and I don't know if you've to give up that much your GP because I Think you gonna look at his age, he's gonna be 37 plus his injury history. But then Shannon, you still gotta think about it. The other team's gotta get something too. They are third team has to get at least one first round. Because think about because here another thing guys, we gotta think, we gotta take into consideration. Ocho.


Yeah Luca, Dante at 25 went for Anthony Davis and another and a first round pick at 25. So, but but Shannon you went for Anthony Davis. Anthony Davis was pretty goddamn damn cook, You know, but that's but still was out. You know what I'm saying? He's 30, he's 32 with an injury history. And I'm giving you a guy that just took a team to the NBA finals at 25 and look what he done did when he came back to the Lakers and didn't do it too much. He, Hey, hey, we gonna get it right. That one on one basketball ain't gonna work. We we gonna get, we gonna get it right. He gonna be, hey, as a matter of fact, he traded LeBron right now. Exactly. I know you a big LA fan.


No, no, I'm a LeBron fan. No, no, no. I'm a LeBron fan fan. You're a LeBron fan. I'm I'm with you. I'm a fan of He is too. But that can work. So when you leave I'm going somewhere. I don't know where I'm going but I'm going somewhere. Oh, you like the traveling all stars, huh? Hey, I get it. I get it. Hey, at, at first my first, at first Kobe was my guy. Yeah. I was a Kobe fan Burns by one of my best friends. He was a LeBron fan. Now he knew about Kevin Durant. 'cause Kevin Durant's from that area, prince George County. So that DMV area. Yeah. He said, I'll tell you what I do. He said, I'll let you have, I'll let you have LeBron if you give me Kevin Durant.


He said, as a matter of fact, I give you Kobe and LeBron. I said, hold on, you gonna give me Kobe and LeBron and all you want is Kevin Durant because I was supposed to get the next guy to come out the next year. So Kevin Durant theoretically was supposed to be my player. I said, okay, Doug. So I got, I said I got Kobe and LeBron. Ah bro, you high. So he's been so he, he got KD and I got Kobe and LeBron. But it's just, I don't, I mean I'm just trying to figure out where can he go where they don't have to give, they don't have to give up their depth because you look at these two teams, what got them to where they are was their depth.


Yeah. I think he goes back to Golden State. You, I don't think No, he ain't going back there to gp. Yeah, he don't wanna go back there because, because the way, way it ended. But if he goes back there, I guarantee you there'll be, there'll, there'll, there'll be a contingent for championship. Oh well at first. Well here's the thing though. You giving up Minga, you giving up Moody. You giving up all those guys. You giving up, you're gonna give up. I think two of them you'll give up. Two, yeah. You're playing, you give up and, and but, but Shannon, they're not playing. Anyway. It doesn't matter. You're gonna give up Minga anyway. He's gonna lead, he's gonna lead now. They're gonna sign and trade him anyway. Yeah. Yeah. So then given Moody, you don't even play him anyway.


Right. You don't play him. So you're gonna be the same way. You're gonna have Butler, Curry, Draymond, and, and, and then Draymond, that's your four. And I, and I don't care how old these dudes is. They still, they still was in the playoffs and making noise this year being that wet. Yeah. Only reason they lost in Minnesota is because that Curry got hurt. I understand If you keep them other little chords around you to play their rooms, they will be a good basketball team for him to go back to and, and, and can go. And he and I I guarantee you they'll still be in the playoffs and they'll make a, a run for a championship with him.


That's all they needed. They just needed him. And then you make Butler become the third option. Come on man. They, they, they gonna be pretty good. 'cause that's what they did when they, when they won the Champ, they won the two championships. They had him Clay and Right. Draymond doing everything. Yeah. Hey GP man. Thanks for joining us man. We know you got a busy schedule man. Thanks for jumping on with us tonight. Breaking the game down. Hey, when you get a few, hey baby, come back and break it down with us. If we get a game seven, come back and finish it up with us. You know man, y'all, y'all gotta do is ask me man. You know I y'all man, y'all know y'all FF You know, appreciate that GP. We all, I see you this weekend.


Watch the show. Yeah. Yes sir. The volume.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 17th. Shop in store or online for your favorite personal care items and save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Stock up on items like Dove, body wash degree, motion sense deodorant, trea, may hairspray, dove shampoo, dove Bar soap, dove Men's Body and Face Wash and Dollar Shave Club blades and save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Hurry in before these deals are gone. Offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is Jenny Garth from idu Part two. Can't afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mix enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, The cousins in Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying Connected. Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsung Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus nonstop talk texts and data between us and Mexico. Visit a store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com.


This is an iHeart podcast.