
Y'all. So what do y'all think of this outcome of Netflix? Let's be real with the people I know. They wanna know y'all. So the viewers I feel like got a story, you know, based off of just obviously what they saw. Yes. And they don't have the full story. So you need baby won. You gimme something to do when Get I got So you, when we get home, if you put it down, Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back.


Hey y'all. Hey Guys. We in the building. We are back for another episode of Humble Baddies. I'm Shel Rosado. I'm Ashley Nicole. And I'm Alexis Walch. Steinmeyer. And We are, we are are the Humble Baddies. I like it. I Like it. Not a little glow going on. Ladies, are We going? So, you know, a little something. So, You know, y'all been in the sun. Y'all been catching some Rays? No, you've been in the sun and I ain't talking about the sun. Sun. Ooh, I'm talking about heat with your hot eggs. Ooh. Okay. Sexy Glow on. Go on glow on there with my bad stuff. Then glow On Lex. Glow on. Okay. Lemme, Lemme stand myself Up.


I got you. I got you. Thank you. Thank you ladies. Thank you. I love this glow. I love this. First and foremost, it's black history month, a time to honor, reflect, and celebrate the rich history, culture and contributions of black throughout history. Yes. Yes. Let's take a moment to discuss the significance of Black History Month while we celebrate it and what it personally means to each of us. To me it's recycling the black dollar. Mm. Supporting a black business. Yeah. That's what black history right now means to me. I Love that. I love that. Well, speaking of black businesses and supporting, we are on a show Yeah. That highlights black women. Yeah.


You know, it's on Netflix right now, wax the Witches. So thank you so much for supporting us. Y'all tune in, but it does show who we are as black women. And there's, we're multifaceted, so like tune into us also off the show, but also like in our personal space, y'all can see what we tap into. I want them show excellence. My Instagram, not the show. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Off tune Into My off Instagram In the show, You know? But you, we, we are so multifaceted and I love being a black woman. Yeah. I love, you know, I love my black children. I love my blackness. So this month, even though it is the shortest of all the months of the year, that would, that's what makes it rare, right? We are rare. We are beautiful.


We exude essence. So I'm just wanna say, shout out to the lady sitting here on this panel. Y'all are the definition of black excellence. So Yeah. And you are too. So shout it out. Yes, yes. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, Lex. I agree. I think representation matters. I, I think, you know, being on a platform night like Netflix Yes. Is huge for us. And I think having our own platform here as Humble Baddies is huge. The reach that we have, like there's so many young black women, young black men too, who are tuned in and are listening and watching. Correct. And you know, they're looking at us, they look up to us. And so I'm just grateful to have this platform.


This is what our ancestors fought for. That's right. And so for me, that's what, you know, black History Month is for. And also, I love to always plug HBCUs. Y'all know I went to T University, so every chance I get. That's right. I always like to shout out, you know, tell your kids about the HBCUs and why they're so important to our culture, to tradition and to our history. So I like to, you know, tell my kids, take them to the schools. There's so much history. Tuskegee University in itself is a museum and they're sacred to us. So we can't, we can't forget about those, those important things that make us who we are.


My daughter will be going to a MU next Year. Okay. Shout out to Fam u I'm be a fam U mom. Yes. Yes. We gotta go to homecoming. Yes. Oh, for sure. That's fun. For sure, for sure. But, and shout out to Shannon Sharp. Let's support black businesses. That's right. Okay. We we have our special cocktail, the Humble Baptist Cocktail. We'll disclose it using Shea by La Portier Plan. Yeah. Portier. Yes. Period. So, thank you Shannon Sharp. Thank you nightcap for the amazing cognac. It's good. I promise you it would not put hair on your chest, ladies. It's smooth. So smooth. Like you did your thing with that one. I loved having a nice cognac though. Like to finish the evening, I saw my father have like, like to pour a nice little bit over some ice.


Yes. And just reflect on the day. Yeah. You know, it becomes like a ritual of just like, you know, just being able to ease into The weed. Oh, it do ease, you know. Yeah. Some draw that down your legs too. That makes you feeling good. The do So you feeling nice And warm. Okay. Okay. Good. Warm notes. The vanilla, the caramel. You gotta get the big block of ice. Big block. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yes. The big block. Not the little block. Not the Little one. Not the little one. We do nothing. Little over here, ladies. Nothing. Little Nothing Little over here. Okay. Okay. But this is A time to highlight black businesses. This is time to use the black dollar in the, in our households.


Yeah. We thrive so much. We are become entrepreneurs. We have our own businesses and black dollar moves when we stopped our dollar. Yeah. Shit shuts down. It does. Like it really does shut down. We are a power in numbers. So exercise your right to use that black dollar. And we've been dealing with some things in politics recently. Yes. With the diversity inclusion Situation. So like trying to pull away D Ei come on the d black history From from our our Schools. Our schools, yes. Yeah. And DEI, those who don't know it stands for diversity, equity, and inclusion. And you know, it is, it was put in place to help entrepreneurs that are starting up from nothing and have a platform IE your targets, your Costcos.


They're these initiatives that the corporations have put in place for us. Yeah. And it's unfortunate now that it's be becoming removed. You can't go and find what you need for us. Like our hair is different, our face is different, our colors are different. Our essence is different. So shout out to all the black entrepreneurs that are out there that are starting their businesses, that are helping us. Like create just the narrative of, look, we can do this too. Right. And we are gonna support you. We are there for you. And help like keep, continue looking at different programs that help funding grants and scholarships that continue your dream. Don't let anything like this stop you from That's right.


Elevating. But we have to fight against things like this because we do people think that DEI is just for, you know, helping minorities, but it's also for people who have disabilities. You know, come on now who have autism and things like that. It it was put in place so that they could get hired in these big corporations. Correct. Yeah. So people think they just see race and it's not about that. It's such a big bigger picture and people tend to always focus on the race part of it. And it is not that. So, you know, that's why we're fighting for these things. That's why you have to really vote in your local elections. That's right. Because it really is gonna affect us. That's huge. 100% I think. So this is off script. What we are gonna do, and I, I decided the ladies are gonna support me.


We want more black businesses. So what we want you guys to do is to make, email us a short paragraph of we want to sponsor a small black business. $2,500 we're gonna give away to a small black business to help either kickstart or, or market your business. So send it to Humble Betty's podcast@gmail.com. A quick paragraph of why you deserve the 2,500. And we're gonna donate to a special That's I love that. Yes. I love that. Yes, Yes, yes. We have to, we have to support more of our businesses because a lot don't, it's, it could take $500 and they may not have it because of the economy.


Yeah. So if we have it, we're gonna be here. We're gonna support you guys because we wanna see you guys win. We do. We do. Yes. I'm excited. You know, February is, is is on and popping y'all. It's a lot going on. It is. It's a lot going on. You know, you have Grammys a A lot. We need, we need a good month in February. 'cause January was a shit show. You know, Let's be real. Why was it a shit show? Let's real. Why was it a shit show? Was show real? Let's Talks talk about it real. We we be real about you Relieved. We're in February. Yeah. February is is the new year. Okay. Yeah. I like that. Start new year. So we're starting new year today. We're starting now. Listen, we gonna start over. We gonna start over. We gonna start over.


It's the month of love. Yes. Grace. Anna. Bad. A humble Batty was born in February too. Period. Ooh. We, we, it, It end well Guys. Don't worry. Who you n They think Scorpios are the freaks, but them Pisces, Pisces season Already. No, this is the sex ball Pisces Season ladies, my and Gentlemen. My auntie is a Pisces and Oh Lord, It's all true. Don't tell your your auntie business. It's all true. I'm not auntie, you know, I love you, but she be giving me all the tips and tricks. Yeah. You know, it's, it's all good. You know, we're grown.


But yes, February is the new year. But we have a lot of amazing things coming up. We do, we do isn That Super Bowl. Yes. Grammys. This is all good. Like February highlights black excellence. I feel like, you know, there's all star. There's sports, there's entertainment, and love Is in the air. Love is in the air. Yeah. No, my Stepdaughter's birthday. Yeah. Two of them. Yeah. And I feel like isn't Valentine's like one of the top like getting married months? Valenti? I think No, Valentine's is when everybody gets pregnant. Oh, that's when the babies I can see. That's like me. I am a definitely a Valentine's Day baby.


That's True. Because I was born in November. Okay. Yes. The math is math thing. The math is math. I definitely was like, okay, so, okay. I, I know what y'all was doing. So it's Romantic, sexy time. It is. Okay. I like That. It is. Well what about a singles? Like, But didn't they say Valentine's? It is the most spent holiday. Like people spend the most money, the Most money On Valentine's Day. Really? So I would think so. Just because of dates and you know, I feel like marketing, just, especially in America, it's, you walk into Walgreens, you walk into CVS and it's like hurts everywhere and roses. Oh My goodness. So as single women, how, how would y'all go about like who you spend your Valentine's Day with?


If you're dating, you know, multiple people. It's Gonna be my first Valentine's. Aw, it's okay. No, be with my babies. I'm, I'm Gonna take you gonna be with your babies. I'm gonna take them. Okay. What about you Lex? I haven't decided yet if it's gonna be beach or snow. Oh, Okay. Period. No, but you already know who options. You already know who you're going with them. I might have an idea. Okay. I might have an idea. You know. Nice. See, see, I wish they could hear our conversations off camera. Well, This gonna be my first Valentine's Day without Phil. No. Really? Yeah. 'cause I'm going to all star. I'm going for the Tuskegee Classic game, so I'm going to cover that.


But You know, we supposed to love play the tournament. The basketball tournament. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The celebrity tournament. But so on Friday, no, on Saturday is the HBCU classic game. So Star weekend about it weekend, they always have two HBCU game teams play against each other and just represent for HBCU. So I'll be there representing Tuskegee. Definitely for at t period. So I'm really excited about that. I'm leaving Phil, he gonna surprise you. I might surprised that would be very sweet. Ash, what Do you think about that? Like, being married and really comfortable in your relationship? Yeah. Is it just another day for you Valentine's Day? Like No, it's not another day.


Okay. Like, I expect him to still show up and show up. Okay. Yeah. No, no, I love that. Yeah. I mean, I don't expect like anything like crazy over the top, you know? But you know, he knows what I like, you know what I'm saying? As long as I feel like he, you know, it's thoughtful and you know, I I I don't like, it's definitely not just any other day. I understand. But I am kind of sad that I won't be with him this year. Aw. You know what I mean? But it's for work and he's, you know, he's supportive. Love. Yeah. Get that Back. You never know. I love that. You know what I enjoy. Love that. My favorite time, probably the best Valentine was with Chad. Really? Yes. Because each year he had something, like the first year he took me to Bell Harbor and we went to go eat lunch in the middle of the courtyard.


And he went down to the Chanel store. Shout out to our girl, Sharonda. Sharonda. She's in my District. She's on big things now. But he went to Sharonda and he got a pink Louis Vuitton bag. A classic, a pink classic. And he came back walking with you Chanel bag. A pink Sharelle. A pink. You Said? Louis Vuitton. Oh. I said Louis Vutton. You did. It's okay. He, it's This shape. I'm gonna kill you about this. Got it. Pink Chanel bag. Okay. And he came walking down the, the alley. You know the alley? Yes. With it. And he just, just sat there and surprised. I said, you are so sweet. Like everything that is sweet. And then the next time he got a helicopter, we went to Key West for lunch.


Took me on a little shopping. I was like, you're so sweet. I like Romance. Like it's Just the little Thoughts that you put into it. Yeah. It's the effort for me. It's Effort. What you gonna get me this? I know. We need to gather that. You still expecting to get from him. You can give friendship gifts. Okay. Yeah. I'm y still. Yeah. Y'all family be great. I'm, I'm still help him with his business and everything. So does that Mean he gets some that night then? Ooh, what I'm just saying. Oh, that's not how it work. I don't know. That's not how it, I'm just asking a Thank you. I know. Chad, you better, you better come with it. An Appreciation. No. Okay. Okay. This is hilarious. Tips on that. Why Are y'all asking these questions?


It's the people wanna, they don't wanna know. Girl, y'all been in the blogs like every damn on day. I was Was about to say that. Y'all, it's like the date is in February. Like, Listen, the date Right. Is y'all getting married? 'cause Chaz said he getting married. What? He Said he was getting married is himself. Oh, okay. Well I don't think that's how It works. Well, he did say if it wasn't Monique, he ain't marrying nobody. Monique, who is Monique? That's my middle name. Oh, I wanna say who is this? This. So you like who You see him side tweet. Monique, he's talking about me. Okay. Okay. Okay. I love that. A mess. Little innuendos and little, a little nudge. What Was the date? February 22nd. 2025.


Okay, so we got a few days. Chad 85. Hope you guys together, we have some time. It is the month of love. And I'm a hopeless romantic. So When you get married again later. Oh wow. See what she did there? I'm not there yet. I'm, I'm enjoying wine tasting. Oh, Okay. Me Too. And, and a little charcuterie board. Yes. Little side, you, there's a plethora of like options on the, you got the pickle. Okay. You got the, the, the, the, the pepperonis and the different cheeses. Yes. Yes. I like the, yeah. Take the pepper jack cheese. Okay. So there you go. There you go. Okay. Pepper jack. I like a little smoky goda. Okay. I getting cold right now.


I'm hungry. I'm the age cheddar. Yes. A little age. Oh, Okay. Wow. These Girls, I love those. I love this girl. Is this a la Portier Laier. Make sure y'all make sure y'all get some shade by La Poer for Valentine's Day. I promise you half Of y'all will be pregnant by November And we'll have birthdays in November. Like Ash. Exactly. Just like that. Wait, I said half of y'all will be pregnant By November. Half of y'all Be deliberate babies. It's okay. It's so shaped by Laer. I love this. I love this y'all. So what do y'all think of this outcome of Netflix? Let's be real with the people I know. They wanna know y'all.


What do, what do y'all think the People do wanna know? What Do y'all think about overall? It's been what, a couple weeks now? Yeah. It's been, wait Wednesday be two Weeks. I'm gonna be honest with y'all. I was not expecting the reaction. Ooh. That we got From the people. I was not either or from, from family. From the viewers. Okay. From the viewers. From the Viewers. When I watched it, I was like, oh, okay. This is interesting. Like, it's not exactly what I thought the final product was gonna be because We don't see it, by the way. We don't see it. Exactly. And let's make it clear, because I have consulting producer credits. I have no say so over ca over how it's edit over anything.


It's just, hey, I have an idea. I went to a production company, pitched it to 'em, they was like, okay, you get your credit and that's it. Boom, you are out Of it. That's it. So my girl ain't got nothing to do with what y'all saw. Okay. It's no puppeteering. It's no maneuvering. It's none of that. Nothing. Okay. So what I was just most surprised about is a lot of the things that we did film I didn't see. Yeah. And so what you do see is it's kind of hard to really form The Actual, like, to get the full story because so much was left out a lot. And so when I watched it, I still was like, oh, okay, this is interesting.


But I didn't feel the same reaction, I guess because I knew what actually really Happened. Right. So the viewers I feel like got a story, you know, based off of just obviously what they saw. Yes. And they don't have the full story. And it did come off obviously that me and Sharelle were like mean girls and that there was like us against them type of thing. And I hated the fact that they said, you wrote my coattail. Right. Oh My gosh. You're your own person. Like this bitch half female. Yeah. I'm very much my own person. You are like, I have my own family, my own businesses, my own life going on, on. And a lot of it was filmed and a lot of it was not shown.


Right. So I feel like me being your friend and I am a very direct person about association. Yeah. They just kind of like lump me in with whatever you had going on. But you know, the the thing about it that people don't know, we both served in the army. Right. That's Another thing I for you guys, those females who serve in the Army are very direct. Correct. We're taught, once we go through training, you keep it short. Have to leave, keep it short and simple. You have to leave. You was an officer, right? So you had she had soldiers, high ranking soldiers up under her. I was a senior enlisted. So we had to get straight to the point. Yes. And that's where it, I think that's where people get the Oh, you, you're a mean girl. But no, It's, no, we're just direct about how we feel and what's going on.


That's A big difference. And I, I feel like with a lot of the females, they sugarcoated some of the things how they felt. They didn't know how to let it let it out. But See that part of it, I think is us having experience being on reality. TV's another thing Becausecause for me, I'm just showing up to do my job. Right. I'm showing up to show my reaction, to tell you what's going on in my mind. Like and to entertain at the end of the day. 'cause you have to be extra. You have to go to like, you feel like at a five, but you gotta go to like 95. It Is, it is a reality show. Right. And yes, it does snapshot a reality, but there's so many more seconds and hours in the day.


Exactly. We filmed in 24 hours, hours, Hours. We film for hours and, and they chop the scenes down to like two minutes and, And they, and shout out to editing because that's what their, their job is to do. It is to edit. Is to cut. It is to create A story. Story. I could edit it a little bit. I mean know, to be fair, I'm just saying people were doing their job. They were doing their job. Yeah, of course. So at the end of the day, it is a snapshot. It is very instant. You know, and They're gonna create whatever story is gonna have the people talking and y'all motherfuckers talking. Thank you for that talking. We accept dialogue. Okay. Yeah. But y have to Understand y'all are not getting like the, the whole like, story honestly.


Truly. And I feel like it, for me it was a little upsetting because a lot of people are following me from, you know, my past show and you know, just following me over years on social media. And they're like, who is this person? Like, I like to, like What happens since then? What happened? That's the same. It kind of like Broke my heart to see like, people have this reaction. Like, oh, you're not the person that I thought you were. You know, because they only saw like one opinion. I, I guess you know of me. So yeah, it was a little, it was a little heartbreaking at first. It was a little shocking, I would say at first. I just wasn't expecting that. Yeah. But It's a new feeling.


Yeah. It Is A it's a new, it's a new feeling. I mean, it's a feeling that I never felt before. Exactly. I'm not mad about it. The only time I, you know, it crossed the line when you come for my kid. Yeah. Yeah. We, we, We don't play. I don't, Let's listen, let's just talk about that for a second. Ladies and gentlemen. We are public fi figures and respectfully, y'all really just don't know us. And I'm gonna say this very, I, I don't wanna speak for y'all, but I know I can speak for y'all in this, this tone. Family is off limits. Yeah. Our children, we love our families. We, we, we work tirelessly to support them, surround them with love, we educate them. And it's disrespectful when you start to come for our families.


Y'all don't really know us like that. And when it comes to that, we are lionesses. We, we show up for each other. We show up for our family and this has nothing to do with them. Okay. Right. Y'all. Y we we're big, we're big girls. We're big women at our big ages. Yeah. You know, Big old Ages. Big ages. We're big old ages. That's what they say. Oh god. You know, gentrified. Whatever the coats are. But we low key, we're human too. You know, y'all women, you know, we, we really are just very proud of where we are as women, as where we are as just our big old ages. Yeah. So keep the kids out of it, out of it.


I think my biggest thing was if I could go back and change anything, remember I don't have control over this show. I, I wish they could show more instead of me coming off because I don't like how I was portrayed. Like I did come off and I don't appreciate how it looked me stepping outside and not knowing what's going on on the inside. It didn't look good. You know, approaching Stoney, because my good For you to say that and recognize that Cherrelle. Of course. Yeah. Because I don't, I have kids and it does come off like, I feel like I'm, I'm better than her and y'all know, I'm not like that. I'm not that type of female. But I did have my hold backs on why, the reason why I didn't want to deal with her.


And it definitely didn't have to do with a sex safe. And they didn't show that. And that was my biggest issue. It made it seem like it was a sex safe revenge porn. No, she, which Was in the forefront. Right. She didn't have control over that sex state. Correct. But I feel like looking at it from a TV point of view, they needed to introduce her. So all the other stuff, what I had reserved while I was reserved from her, didn't matter. The thing that mattered from a production point of view was her sex state, because that's what she was known for. Yes. Two big public figures were attached to that sex take. Yes. 50 cent and Rick Ross. So of course they had to highlight that. And low key, we, we forgot that they, there are moving parts of this too.


This was a brought up issue that does surround her in her storyline. Right. And just very much who she is and how she's overcoming it. Which low key could have highlighted Stony in a different way too. Correct. Hence her boutique, hence her searching out for help and really just some kind of, you know, she, she's still open to like, receiving. So I feel like it, it started to trickle a little bit, but then obviously for entertainment purposes, so I'm gonna say this, we need a season two. Yeah. Just so we can tie some loose ends. Right. We can reintroduce Yes. We can bring out some vibes. You know what I mean? We just, we can really show and highlight now that y'all have got a snippet, a very tiny snippet of introduction of who we are as cast members.


Let's turn it up a notch. Y'all keep supporting us. Y'all keep tuning in. Right. And we will have a second season. And now we know better. We'll do better. But you know what I, you know, we, I'm, I started off saying like, you know, the comments that we received were a little shocking, but I do appreciate the comments that were saying. Like, we want to see like your family and we wanna see, because, you know, we did film those things. So I hope you know the people, they will see that It was really a wag. Right. What's The whole thing? I hope they see those comments Yes. And will not cut those scenes out. Yes. Because we absolutely filmed family scenes and how we do life and our businesses.


Businesses, you know, the things that make us who we are and you know, why we are different and what black excellence looks like. That's cartoon. You know, the things that, you know, we really wanted to show, show because we know everybody's tired of seeing like the drama and like, of course there has to be drama. The colorism. I hate that. Yes. Yeah. They just threw That in there. If any, if, if I can go back and change it, I would wish Stoney would be a light skinned girl because it, I hate how people, the fans take the narrative and like, oh, a light skinned girl. Look, get some Dark skin that's wanna color out. Period. That's crazy to me that they're saying that though. Because after Jules, in spite she said her little comment about like, this is my real hair and all that, you know, it's like, how would you didn't say anything about No, I never thought her skin color, anything like that.


But you have another cast member that says like, and I have beautiful chocolate women that My calm death comment. Right. And they don't say anything about, you know, her being whatever she is. You know what I mean? Mean I think, I think people join the trend. Like they hear a certain thing and then they just Gravitate to that. Gravitate To that. Yeah. Whoever started that mean girl trend. Well, let me just be real with you, Mj, In our, in our, in our communities, that has been an issue for decades. It has the house inward or the field inward. If you are lighter or a paper brown bag test, then you, you pass. So Man rapping about red bones, It's 2025. I mean, y'all know what my children look like.


It was, it was highlighted on the show. I have all shades. I do too. All shades. I mean, I got this, What happens? Oh shit. But this is what happens when, you know, black couples procreates, you gonna get, you gonna get everything. Yeah. You gonna get whatever's gonna come out. So the colorism thing was very, I think it's, I think it's just a Easy thing To throw in, you know, surface. It's surface. I, I hate it's surface out everything about the show. I hated the colorism because y'all know better than anybody. It's unfortunate. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't like that. Yeah. That affected me the most. Do Y'all really think I was a mean girl on the show? Like, no, I Think it was guilty by association.


That's what I was gonna say. I'm like, was tell Me what part, what, what, what did I say? Didn. But The thing about it didn't have the other side of it shown. It was only one side. It wasn't like Right. How I felt. I might feel bad about it or I, this is how I feel because you know, the other side side. But you Understand tv and the question that you asked to Ade was, was, I mean, it was part of the show. It was very valid. It's to get conversation. It's to, But you never disrespected any female. I didn't support, I support didn't You never had a, you never had a I showed up on time. I did my job. Anything Sony came for you. She did. She was like, oh, are they swingers?


Yeah. Like you never, she Never disrespected blue. I never disrespected or said anything negative about anybody When I was asked my opinion about a certain situation. You said it. I gave It against going. Yeah. I Actually asked test my ass again. Again. Asked that Again. Going back to directness. Yeah. I'm just direct about how I feel. If you ask me on my opinion, I'm gonna give it. But I think that's the issue. Like, people think that directness is equivalent to meanness being a mean girl. And that's not true. I agree with that. I agree with that. Yep. And you know, I'm a Sagittarian Sagittarian as we get bad reps for being, you know, look, Bitch, it was when we was filming, I was like, no, no. Ashley don't, don't do that to me.


Don't do that to me. When do what? We was at ku. I was like, no, it's a, I promise you it's a speakeasy. It's like a speakeasy. No bitch speakeasy. We need to replay that. We need to put this, you remember, you don't remember Ku? I got a bad memory child. It was, It was all the wine you was drinking. Yeah. Maybe it's all a blur. But Ashley is definitely a alpha female and the bitch be running shit. So I don't, I hated that part about you because I know how you are. Yeah. To call you a what? A minion a lap dog. A a min Wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah. So we gotta highlight these. Yeah. Lap Dog. Lap dog. Minion, minion. I just work for Rell. You work for Sharelle, But let's get that clear.


So these agents who work, the agents who work for me, they are their own employees. They just, their license are up under mine. I take a commission. They do their own job. I don't tell them what to do, how to do it, whatever. So you house. Yeah. You, you, you house this. I'm My broker. I'm the broker. And they do, I'm just, We gotta break it down. For those who do not know, I placed my license under her. You know, she takes any like liability or, you know, like Got you. I have the insurance. If they fuck up, that's It. Right. See that? But they do their own thing. They on their own schedule. They get 10 90 nines. If you are a business on you, I let 'em know Actually. Exactly. She go out. That's how I get paid.


Right. Period. Let's be clear. Cutting checks, receiving checks, period. That's what's going on. Just sayana. It's the only way I get paid if Ashley go out and grind. That's How it's, and there we go. So it seems like it's a supportive relationship. It is. It is. Because if she is out here doing her thing and motivating and bringing, bringing back checks, then you get paid. It's, it's win-win And the other. I love that for you. The other thing that was the issue, a lot of people were asking in regards to MJ and Stony. Oh, MJ ghetto. She always fighting. She this, she that. She's the third. I didn't like that either.


Mj I'm responsible for mj. Hence, While she has her license under you again, She has her license up under me. So I have to, I can't just throw her away. She's young. She's only 22. I have to got her. She has no guidance. Yes. So I have to guide her and teach her. She's in love. She Is. I don't know if she was is or was, but she was in love during the time. And we all have been there. We all have reacted. Got emotion. That's Why I'm glad they did show the conversation. We are, I'm double her age. Low key. And you know, I was forced in this lifestyle at 20 also. So I can relate to her.


This is different though. She is in a different industry as far as music and entertainment. I was in the sports world being young in this. Right. So that's already a nighttime dark cloud. And on top of that, you're dealing with being from a city where also the father of your children is known to Yeah. That put that city on a map in his own Right. And so it just comes with a lot of heaviness. And I feel like she listens. MJ does. She does. Yeah. MJ is very smart. She really looks up to us. She does. Yeah. And the reason, and this is what people know, so love for her, the reason why I hired mj, it wasn't because of Kodak. It wasn't because of who she was.


Was MJ called me and she was like, I really wanna work for you. I look up for, for you. I seen selling in Tampa. She practiced a cold call. Mm. She was like, how does this sound? And like she has so much drive. She does have drive, but it's like when you're young and you're in love, this is A lot of energy for her. We been there before. Yeah. We all been there. Lemme tell you something, It's, I see so much in that little girl. I do too. I see. Seeing her. I, I told her I cried. Like I had tears when we were in that. I don't think they showed that. But I was like, I used to be you. Mm. Like, I literally used to be You people don't know. I grew up in the projects. I was raised in the projects. I didn't have shit. I is, I couldn't open Open, which is Open a different Christmas gifts defense.


It's a defense mechanism. It brings tears to my eyes because it's like, I want so much for her. I'm sorry. But you can, you could feel her. You feel her spirit, her energy. Because I see so much that girl is, she is amazing. She's a gem. She's so talented. G She really is sherell. And if I can go back and change the hands of times, that's what I'm trying to tell her. Don't make the mistakes that we made. Correct. Yeah. Because we have been through it all. She, we really have. She has vision. Shout out to mj. Yeah. I love you mj. Yeah. We love you. She got me tearing up. We, because I see so much of myself. I used to fight. I used to do all that.


But it's not worth it. You have It's not two beautiful Babies. Yeah. You're so talented. She really is So talented. This girl can sell a fucking home. She can. I done cut six figure checks for mj. I didn't Witness her grinding in the studio. Like the girl is so talented And taking care of them babies. Yeah, exactly. While taking care of these babies. She's so Young. She Is young. You don't have a point to prove to nobody. She's so young. Get out there and hustle before it's too late. You know, IIII, she's, I'm over Mj. Big cry baby. Because that's, You can, you can say That like, this is like my little sister, but You can feel it. And you gave her a chance, Sharelle. And I'm Still gonna, I'm, I'm not gonna give up on Her. No, you're not. This is the stuff that they need to show.


And they're, that's, hello. It's a beautiful blessing to have our, these are real relat, you know, and our platform guys Confident Relationships. Yes. Yes. Relationship. Yes. Relationship. And I just pray for season two that they allow us to show that They'll Yeah. Mj, let me tell you like, I'm happy she came to my home and listened. That was, that was, that's the great scene. Most beautiful scene. Like it was, she always say, oh, you always preaching to me. You always preaching to me. But that right there, that was my favorite scene. The whole for whole, It was, it was, she pulled up, you know, I could relate to her. Let me tell you something, MJ iss brave braver than I am. She's, let me tell you something. Like, so I admire your bravery because let me, I, there's been many a times I wanted to crash out many a times where I wanna pull up, I Crash out.


I'm just saying pull up and show out. Yeah. That's what I did. That's why I said she, She, she's more brave than I am. I'm just going, I'm just gonna throw that out there. So MJ I resonated with you because I saw something in you that I did not see in me in that bravery. And so keep that same energy. Keep that same spark. No, we, We gotta change the energy. No, I'm saying like, just can't be everybody. Girl. You gonna be fighting her Courage. Not everybody, not, we not, you know, I don't want, I don't wanna see my girl no more. We can't mugshots and stuff. Listen, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying her bravery. We gonna change that energy into courage to something Else. I focuses on herself. That's it right now. That bravery. I, 'cause if she down, she'll gonna be fighting every day.


You know, it's fight or flight. It is like all my Mj everybody to Fight that. That's just, just a defense. Focus on yourself mechanism. She's going through some things and focus. We have to, to give up grace. It's, it's postpartum. It's 100%. It's all of that. Yes. It's a lot of energy. It's a lot. And you pride, like she really, she held, held that person down. She did. When they was locked up, she wrote letters to the judge. I've seen it all. Yeah. And people don't know that. So it's like I gave my all and held you down. Yes. And I come back to this. Right. And people don't see that. It's like, And we can all relate to that in some kind of way. Of course. Disappointment. Yeah. And and uneasiness.


Yeah. Yeah. And trying to figure it out too. You know, we, we, we all are trying to figure it out still to this day. Trying figure it out. Still to this day, still to this day, still trying to figure it out. All of us are trying to figure it out. We all on this journey together. We sure are. We sure are. And speak of trying to figure things out. What do y'all think about this talk of like the soft life, you Know? I love it. I love it. For especially us black girls. Mm. I feel like, you know, we're tapping into something that other cultures, I feel like it's like their norm. Yes. You know what I mean? Yes. And we're like, why not us two? Ooh. You know, why don't we, I like that Ash. You know, I feel like for a long time, black women have to be strong.


Yes. And supportive and Yes. Aggressive and assertive and all these, you know, strong words. But we can be soft too. We're I But soft. But how can we, how can you transition to that soft when you've been so hard your whole life? It's, Oh, that's a great question. How Can you do it? I feel like we're still learning it. That's a s that's something I need to answer because I felt like, you know, growing up it was hard. And then going into the military in a predominantly male division, 82nd air airborne division, I had to be hard. Yeah. For 13 years. Mm. And then going to socom, Afghanistan, it's like, okay. Now I think it's like a mentality. I think it's like a choice of like where you wanna be mentally.


Like a lot of people, you know, for whatever reasons they live in like survival mode. You know, that's how I'm of trauma, you know, past trauma, trauma, trauma, generational trauma. You know. So I think like taking care of that, going to therapy. Yes. Healing whatever part of you that keeps you in that survival mode. And then once you can process that trauma, you make the choice. Like, this is the life that I wanna live. Right. This is the mental space that I wanna be in. You know what I mean? But I love that, dad, you gotta do whatever it Is. I think I'm, I'm, I love that I'm going through that part right now. Like I, I do go to therapy and I just need to learn to say it's okay for the man to take be the alpha.


It's Okay. But you have to find some, a space where you feel safe to do that too. So, and I'm not saying like a man to feel space feel safe Of course. Because you don't need a man to, to feel, of course, for you to have a soft life. Yeah. But I'm just saying like whatever it means for you to feel safe, like an environment, the people around you, your career, you know, financially, all of that. You know, you have to be safe. You have to feel secure. Right. You know, in yourself to even have a mentality, you know, I think to be out of like survival mode. I think it, I think the secure part I have my problem is it's the fear of, of neglect.


The fear of rejection. Failure. The fear. Fear of rejection. Yeah. All those things that I have to work on. I feel like over time, and to your point, ash, and also you Sharelle over time, it was always black women that had to show up. Our voices were heard, our voices were carried. We nurtured, we also nursed, we also poured into, and to me it goes back to self love. It goes back to self-worth. It also goes about also saying no, because we have been used, we have been stretched to our limits.


We have been poked and prodded. We have been experimented because of our essence. Yeah. And so it looks, it goes back to us really elevating who we are and knowing who we are. So soft life to me is breaking generational curses. It is talking to people because we used to take all of this in and keep it inside. Keep code it. Right. Right. And then we explode like a volcano. And I'm getting chill bumed saying that because we would take so much. But we were also leading, we were silent leaders because as women we were always behind. We were always the backbone. We were always the soul, the nurturers. Yeah. But now times have, are now starting to shift.


They're turning because we are needed. That's right. Not only are we needed to help rear and to motivate and to teach and to show the children in the next generation. Yeah. But we're also needed for our men, we're needed to help soften them up too. Because they are hard. They, they have these shells. They need to be penetrated with our essence and our soul. So I look you gotta Preach, lick, You know? It's some real, it's real though. That is, Yeah. That's what like exudes the soft life for me because I've had to like really understand what the power of no means. Oh, that's A powerful word. It is. We have to like, it's, no, I'm not gonna do this. No.


I need to have a, I need to be paid for this. No, I'm not gonna show up in this way if you haven't showed up for me. No. And so that's becoming a soft life for me because I feel like I'm, I was taking too much on Yeah. Unnecessary heaviness. Yeah, yeah, exactly. You know, and that's becoming generational for us as black women. We have just taken, we're taking it on. Yeah. We're taking all the darts. That's true. And it's time for us to like go to therapy. We're, we're changing the narrative, right? We are listening to people. We're knowing our resources. We understand the black dollar, everything that comes through households. And we're saying no, we're saying no. It's unnecessary shit. That's softness. Right. The politics that's going on right now, we don't need to be in the forefront.


Like Shirley Chisholm, she was out there fighting for our rights, being the first black woman to run for president. We are falling back. We tried. We, we can only do so much. So we gonna do things behind the scenes. We got our families, we got our friendships, we got our faith, we have all of that. And, and I know it's, it's, it is time for us. Yeah. And I love this for us. And soft air is not just a feminine thing. It's also for men too. That's, it's reading a book. It's knocking off goals. It's going, communicating. It's communication. I Think Phil lives a very soft life. Really. He's living that retired life. Tell me about it. Tell us about it. Watching him wake up. He go work out in the gym. He'll make his little seen Phil when he routine Be soft.


And like he's, he's Living his best life, honey. I love that For him. And so it, it really is something to see. 'cause I'm just like, wow. Like this. This is nice. What transition for you Ash? He support you. He does support me, but he does, like you said, it's for men too. It is. Yeah. And I love that. I love That for him. We deserve it. We've earned it. And it's time. Yeah. Yes. It's time. I love seeing on social media, you know, everybody posting like their, their little routines. Yes. Whether it's like their skincare routines or their workout routines. You, I see you and your workout routine. Yes. My little part. Very motivational. Yeah. Very motivational. Yeah. You are Right. No, it's You. Right. The skincare and, and what you're pouring into yourself, that's soft life.


It is. It's time. It's time for us to like get that going. Don't listen. That was amazing. Lex. I swore you need to be an inspiration coach or a life coach or something Because she's the humble, Humble Baddies life coach. Yes. You know, Lex life lessons, you know what I'm Saying? Like, Let's go Now we, now we got our favorite, one of our favorites, which is Hot Girl. Hot Girl Headlines. Okay, so today in Hot Girl Headlines we're talking about the Kendrick Lamar Super Bowl performance. And y'all know, there was so much controversy, controversy about whether Kendrick Lamar, they Get Lil Wayne wrong.


Well, You know what, let's get into that. Because Lil Wayne, he hasn't put out an album in how long? Yeah, but he got like 14. Yes. He, okay. Okay. I'm just playing devil's advocate here. Okay. I'm listening. I'm listening. Okay. So Do y'all feel like Kendrick Lamar, does he deserve to be on the big stage? He does, but not for New Orleans. Not for New Orleans, no. Okay. Can we take, so we all know how Super Bowl works being, you know, in the sports and entertainment industry, the, the cities have already been set. So you already know the projection of what city's gonna be. Right? Am I a hot boys fan?


100%. The, the, the Birdman calls and the X, Y, Z. Yes. Yes, Yes. Is that New Orleans essence and juvie? Is that Yes, it is. My leather Is so, so I personally, Lil Lang should have been in there. I still have hope. I feel like Kendrick might bring him out, but, And I go so Hard. Oh yeah. See He was still lyrics like, I get it right. Yeah. We want to highlight people who did put New Orleans on the map for music. Right? Yep. But we have to look at it like this Super Bowl is also a business course and so is the NFL and so is this platform. And Kendrick on the last 16 to 24 months has been exceedingly in the forefront of the entertainment.


We should Have had him a few years ago when it was in la. I get it, I get it 100%. So I don't think it has to do with who is from where because of the city of New Orleans has been preparing for the influx of tourists for years. For years. We already knew the Schedule. So respectfully, we don't even know if Lil Wayne declined. We don't even know. I think he did. He Put out upset. He was upset. Said he was upset, upset, Upset. Oh, he upset. He was upset that he didn't Get chosen. Didn't get picked. Okay. So Here We go. Yes. I, 'cause I'm a Lil Wayne fan baby. I am too. And I was was on We Baby On the news. Please save the baby, what's Going on? But honestly, even if it wasn't Lil Wayne, I think it's a little premature for Kendrick.


Like, I love Kendrick. Like, I think he's a great artist, but I feel like the Super Bowl is such a big stage. Huge. And I feel like huge, I mean, I don't know that he's put in his time yet. Like I feel Like he put in, I feel like he put in his time. But to like, to come to New Orleans and pick Kendrick Lamar over Little White, it's a Little bit of a special stage. It's huge. I it's huge. I just don't, I feel like, you know, everybody's watching, everybody's watching the Super Bowl, right? Everybody Is, Does everybody know Shout out to Cheese Lamar's music, like worldwide like that? Is he Yes. Yes. I think so. They Do. Okay. I didn't know. But Lil Wayne, I feel like Lil Wayne is, but Lil Wayne Has a broader platform than That's I Lamar that's what I think too.


Yeah. Lil Wayne is a staple. 100%. He has longevity, you know, and we have seen the evolution of Lil Wayne for sure. So do y'all think that Drake feels some kind of way too? No. Mm. You don't think so? I don't think so. He tried to sue like the streaming companies about, you know, know For the Beef though. Like that has, that's separate. Right. But now that, but you don't think Kenrick is up there. Think him being on that Kendrick being on that la on that, you know, platform, you don't think that that made Drake even more? I Think Champagne Poppy has a lot more distractions going on. You know what I'm saying? Okay. That's what I, we ain't talking about Champagne Poppy right now. We talking about Drake and La Wayne. I feel like Lil Wayne, if Lil Wayne need to make an entrance for Super Bowl, well hopefully Captain Lamar will be respectful and shine some light on Lil Wayne and let him perform a song or two.


Does he have I think he, who else? A lot of like Aura points. If he, if he did that, I like that. Shared the stage Respectfully. Right? Yeah. I Better see Lil Wayne on that full stage. But you know, over time we have gravitated to the halftime show. Like if No, do you feel like it overshadows the actual game? It's important for the women? It's, I Mean, I don't like when Rihanna came and I knew, I knew she was pregnant when she performed. I was like, this is not the Rihanna. Yeah. She wasn't quite know. She wasn't quite, she wasn't. Yes. I was like, yeah, my baby. I Think in general, like halftime show has been big since it's Michael Jackson. It, but the halftime Michael Jackson put it on the map For the women.


It, I feel like it's for everybody. It's for everybody. I feel like it's, people look forward to the halftime show. Like ever since Michael Jackson. Yeah. Like Bruno Mars been, It's been a big Win. It's the biggest platform. That's why there's so much fuss over it because it is literally the biggest stage in the world. Paid so many people tune in. Right, exactly. But don't get paid. It's so much exposure. The whole world is watching. It's like considered one of the biggest stages to perform more. And speaking of big stages, our girl Beyonce Yes. Is headed back on tour. She surprised us with a little post over the night suggesting that we have a Cowboy Carter tour coming out School year.


That's why we representing our Ivy Park. Okay. I got on my vintage Ivy Park. I've always been, you know, avid Beyonce fan at Ivy Park. I'll be throwing them bees at them Coming. I went to the Renaissance tour three times. Beyonce has collected a lot of coins from my household, period. Okay. Okay. And I will be in attendance this Cowboy Carter tour. I love Beyonce's evolution over time. Just from even Destiny Child to be a solo artist. We've seen her grow into her own an icon. I still remember My mom, everything. Me when I was everything 10 years old to go see Destiny's Child. We lived in Columbia, South Carolina at the time.


We drove to Charlotte in a terrible storm all the way to Charlotte, just me and my mom. Aw. And they were opening up for Christina Aguilera. Wow. And I'll never forget, that's like a core memory for me. Like, just going with my mom. My mom went out her way to make sure I saw this in this child. Girl. Yes. So this for me, like to see her growth, to see her as a mom, to see her And still killing it and putting her child, she's Why To see how she's such a business woman. Yes. Marketing is insane. I it's an, it's, it's an amazing, amazing journey to see, to watch. We Gonna be on that cowgirl, we, we, we gonna see Yes. Cowboy. Yes. Carter. I love how she has just brought in the culture.


Yes. You know, she's highlighting who we are. In our essence. She's highlighting that she's from Texas and Texas is known for the Cowboy and Country era. So how she has shifted genres and from pop to r and b to now, we, she she'll sprinkle a little rap, you know, every now and then. She is the essence of culture for America. And not only the just America, but I would say global too. But just highlighting what it is to be an American womanly and just glowing up. I love this for her. Love It. She's a 32 time Grammy award-winning artist. 32. Yes. The first black woman to headline Coachella. Come on now. Ella. Ella was hot And she is a philanthropist and an activist with her Be Good Foundation and she's really setting an example for women all over the world.


So she's definitely a humble batty. Cheers. She is Our boob. Beyonce. I love it. Yes. I love how she just pops out too. Like will just like drop something for us. Yes. I love it too. I Have y'all Tried Her haircare line. I I have. I I've tried it. It it is really good. I like her mask, her hair mask. Yes. I'm into mass. Yeah. Get Us right. It gets us conditioned and Ready to go. They shout out. Shout to our Humble. Shout out Betty. Yes, yes. Shout out to Beyonce. Thank you so much for being iconic. Well That's it for the Hot Girl Headlines. Yes. Now it's time for the Humble Batty. Maya. What you got? Sharelle. I got the Humble Betty. Who we got today. Carolina Thompson from Richmond, Virginia.


Hey, Carolina. Okay. Ba in The house. Ba First of all. Hello ladies. Hi. Hey. Hey Carolina. I appreciate the work you bosses put towards our beautiful black community in Florida. I am hoping to visit one day. Come on girl. We're gonna show you a good time. I aspire to be like you. Sharelle coming from the same military background. Oh, Carolina. I am actually current, currently serving in the Army. I've been stationed in career for the past three years. Mm. I'm 21 years old with my 11 month old baby girl and husband. I just want to provide for my family while being a boss ass chick. My question is, how did you manage being away from your kid and your family while away?


I am looking forward to hearing more on you ladies podcast. Thank you Queens. Hmm. Oh, Carolina. Listen, Carolina, it's very hard and it hurts at times. Like you have to look at the bigger picture and I know some people may not understand it. You're gonna receive judgment, but you can't look at that. The bigger picture is the long-term outcome. It was hard for me. I did not wanna leave my daughter when I joined the military. I deployed to Afghanistan twice, but I knew it was the best decision for me and my kids. Sometime you have to take sacrifices, right?


And you look at the bigger picture. Don't worry about what people say because people are gonna judge you. But you know what you're getting at the end goal and that's a great life for you and your kids. So that, that was my main goal, sticking it throughout the whole 13 years and look at me now like I'm not perfect, but my kids are in a better situation than I was when I was their age. And it's amazing. You just gotta do what's best for you and your kids. Absolutely. And, and it requires taking sacrifices. So Well Said. I think that's gonna relate to so many people.


It is. A lot of people in the military don't talk about that. They don't talk about, you know, how it feels as a mom to be away from your kid. It's hard. It's already hard enough to be going through postpartum. I know her baby is young. Young, your baby's young, very young. So that's a lot in itself. And then to just put like the distance being in the army, being in that type of environment, being in a whole nother country with a whole different culture. Like there's so much on you, It's a lot going on. You know, just really, you know, focus on yourself, focus on your baby, do what's best for y'all and just, you know, like Sharelle said, it's all about the long-term investment that you're making And it's, I promise you it's worth it.


It's definitely worth it. I can add a just a little bit to it. I can't resonate with like having that situation happen to me. I can only attest to a little bit with my baby girl Asada being in boarding school away prematurely than when I thought she would be leaving the house. So it's about sacrifice, but it's also getting your job done and taking care of yourself too. And these babies will be okay, especially with support systems and very much so a surrounding support group. Yeah. In the long run they are getting educated, they are learning so much and the babies will be okay and mama is doing what she gotta do, like right at the, that's what really counts.


So I, I just think it's, it's commendable and as long as you have a support system, it's gonna be beneficial to everybody. Yes. Have faith, keep God first. That's right. And don't give up. You know what your end goal is and you know who you are sacrificing for. That's Right. That's right. Absolutely. We love you Carolina Ann, wish you nothing but the Best. Thank that. Thank you for writing in. Yes. We love our Humble Baddies Mail. If you guys wanna write in, if you have questions that you wanna ask or you need advice on anything, please write into Contact at Humble Baddies dot com. Yes. And We will get back to you. We would love to feature your questions here. Please. We thank you. Here's another episode of Humble Baddies.


Make sure you subscribe. You can follow me at Sure Rosado underscore on Instagram. I'm Ash three Nicole. And I'm Alexis Meyer. Subscribe to Humble Baddies please on YouTube. We need you guys. And also don't forget, we are giving $2,500 away to one lucky business owner. Let's go. Whether you're starting off or you want to enhance your marketing to get more business, send over your one page, a half a paragraph message to Home of Baptist podcast and we're gonna pick a winner. All right Guys, we love you. Thanks for tuning in. See you next time. Happy Black History Month. Happy Black History Month.


The Ghost Pepper has a reputation, so does a ghost pepper wing that doesn't send you into tears. Make any sense as to us. That's why Popeye's Ghost Pepper wings are the perfect balance of flavor and fire starts with intensely craveable flavor, adds the right amount of kick to keep things interesting, not inferno ing. And then offers them at only 5 99 for six pieces. Because in New Orleans we like to taste our food, not cry over it. Call us crazy. Love that chicken from Popeye's. Limited time at participating us restaurants. Price may vary. Additional terms supply.