
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds.


It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out boas.com. Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. This Thursday. It's the New England Patriots. At the New York Jets. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung as these reloaded a FC East rivals Meetup Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight live from MetLife Stadium.


Not a prime member, not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Patriots and Jets at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details. Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. How difficult was it for you? Because Ronnie, some of the time, I mean, when I saw you in oh one and And, we are gonna talk about this. I believe. Oh one was the best I've ever seen Bodybuilder, and I've been to a lot of shows. Everybody said that you was 2 57 and I I remember 4, 7, 2. How about 2 47? And I'm looking at you. I'm like, I don't believe bodybuilder even at their peak could beat Ronnie.


Today. I'm talking about Lee. I'm talking about Dorian. I'm talking about Samir. Yeah, I I'm talking about no, at that point in time, Ronnie, everybody said that. Everybody had said that. Did you know when you went into the, when obviously you looking at yourself? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But you knew that you like your little boy. Y'all ain't got no chance. Yeah, I ain't got no chance. I was so real. My, my my brother said I was skiing the skull. You was, yeah. You was. I mean, I'm, you could see the I'm onion skin in my, in, in my, on my brain. You could see how hard I was. You know, you practic can see my skull. I was so hard. That's why he called it skin the skull. Have you ever been able, because as, as you started moving up, and I think oh three is you stepped on the stage round about 2 90, 2 95.


2 85, 2 85. The heaviest I've ever been in my life. Now you, you, I mean, we're never gonna see a man that size, that condition again. Never. But I still believe 2001 was your best, was the best condition you'd ever be. Everybody says that. But I always go back to 98. I look at those 98 pictures and that was me coming out with a brand new car. I look that good. Right. And you know, once you get a new car, it's kind of hard, hard to keep it new. Right. So I call, you know, me kinda, kinda like sharpening it up every show, you know, and I'm getting a little bigger every show and, but I'm keeping my conditioning down.


Right. And in 2001, I took it to another level by staying on a diet after the Olympia and coming in that much harder. Yes. That's probably one of one. That's the hardest I've ever been. You know, like you said, and everybody said that conditioning is the best ever. Nobody, nobody. And and look, that's not a slight on anybody building. Nope. Past the present. Nope. Exactly. And, and I've followed this sport for 40 years. Nobody was beat. Nobody at their best could beat you that day. And I totally agree with you.


So what? Yeah. That was a physique. You, you tell the story about how like insulin would help put it. So when did, when did growth get implemented to the sport? Because we see, I think there was always, it was always there a lot of people, the things that the growth makes you big, but it doesn't, it kinda makes you lean. Yes. It it, it does what it said it helps you to grow taller. It was actually made for for Dory. Yeah. That had that suffer from Dory mono doism Exactly. Of that nature. Yes. But then it don't really make you big. It makes make, makes us a little bit harder. Yes. And you know, everything that you could use to get hard, you pretty much use it.


Right. And, and GH was one of those things, but it was very expensive. Very, very, very, very. And a whole lot of people could afford it back then, right? No, no. Especially when you getting it from the pharmacy. Yes. You ain't got no insurance. You can't use the insurance. They don't even lie. You use the insurance on that. But you got gotta do what you gotta do. Right. You know, and you, you have to find ways to try to try to make, do what you have to make do. Exactly. The last, a lot of people lose the show probably the last week, the hardest week of all. Because now it's really a mind. Because I still got to train, do a little cardio. I gotta lift.


And my man, I'm hungry, Ronnie hungry. I whole, I ain't gonna lie, Ronnie, I'm hungry. I'm hungry the whole time. Every single day. I can't wait to make till mealtime. As a matter of fact, Shannon, I was so tired in the gym, I couldn't even lift my weights to and, and put 'em on the bar. I had to hire somebody to load my bar so I can lift it. And you watch my video, you'll see the, my best friend in the world, little Lee loading up the weights, handing me the dumbbells, everything. Right. Because I was so tired. That exhausted from eating 125 grams of carbs every day.


Right. So, like I said, I had carbs with two meals and, and you eating six meals. I burned that up, you know, and I'm eating six, I burned that up on the, on the treadmill. Yes. So by the time I got to the gym, I'm, I'm going off a heart determination, dedication. Yeah. You, you on fuse, Roddy? Yeah. I'm on fumes. And like I said, I, I never forget it. The first time I tried to load the weight and lift it, I called hell. By the time I loaded the weight on there, I'm tired. That was a workout. Tired. That was a workout right there. Because you know, I'm loading you weight. I'm load up some weight. That's the thing that was so, so amazing. Ronnie. Is that even the last week?


You still lifting? I'm still lifting heavy. I'm still lifting heavy up to that last week, like a couple days out from the show. You know, I kind of calmed down, down and do you know, a lot of lightweight, do a lot of whole, whole whole bunch of reps. But for the most part I'm ball to the wall going as he as I possibly can. Did you like, did you, did you like food? I mean, do you, like, do you like I loved food because my mom was the greatest cook ever. Because she cooked a lot of your meals for you. She cooked all of my meals Okay. For me. And it, it was like I would, the food was so good. Good. It, it was like I wasn't even on a diet, you know, I'm putting barbecue sauce on it.


Ketchup, you know, a fries. People think those were actually french fry. What I did was bought a crinkle cutter, cut 'em up with that crinkle cutter, sprayed a little Pam on the, on on, on the bottom of the tray. And then I would spray the top to give it that brown look Right. And put it in the oven, let it sit, cook for about 45 minutes. I even had a timer because I would time it for 45 minutes when they ca they got ready ready. They were golden, brown and crispy. They looked just like french fries. Right. And everybody thought I was eating french fries, but I was just eating cut up potatoes with a crinkle cutter made to look like french fries.


You know. And it's kind of like a psychological thing too, you know, you gotta play, treat with your body. You gotta play, treat with your mind. Playing mind and body. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. You playing because man, those, some, some of them days were kind of dark. Yeah. I got So, so give us a glimpse of the last, let's just say the show's on a Saturday. Yep. You got prejudge. Who's gonna be in that morning then you got the night show. Yep. Give us the say probably the last, the last three days. 'cause you're probably gonna ri arrive if the show's on Saturday. You're probably gonna get there Thursday. No, you got there Wednesday. I got there Tuesday. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I'm, I'm trying to get there and get acclimated because we on central time here.


Right. They on Pacific time over over there. So I'm trying to get there and get acclimated to that time. Right. That time don't change. And it takes a couple, couple days. Okay. You know, to get a acclimated to that. Find where you gonna get your food at. Find what you gonna get. Yeah. I, I take all my food with me. Okay. You took all your food. I took all my food with me. My mom would cook it and I would put it in this cooler. I had a, like a plastic cooler, but it kept the food real nice and warm, you know, kept what I needed. Cold. Cold. And I would take all my food with me and it eat all my food for like, what about two, three days? Two days. I got there on Tuesday. My mom came in on Thursday with another big bag of food.


Right. So that, that was for the whole week. You know, I eat, I still, I weighed and measured everything I put in my mouth. Wow. I weighed and measured it out, you know, 16 ounces of protein, whatever carb it was, most of the time it was like five ounces of potatoes, you know, six ounces of potatoes. And I, I weighed everything and measured everything to, to make sure I'm getting the appropriate amount of carb, getting the appropriate amount of pro protein. Also. Were you a big, were you a big rice eater or was it mainly for your carb?


It was mainly potatoes. Mainly potatoes and rice. Okay. So I I'm the most simplest eater out there. Yeah. And people don't believe this, but it is the truth. And I, I highly recommend no one try this. I didn't eat vegetables. Huh? I didn't like 'em. Well, how did you, well, how so if you, well you non-carb meals, what are you gonna get? Supplements I had, I was taking all these fiber supplements, iron supplements, everything. Yeah. And that's how I got my, my, my green vegetables in. Yeah. Don't, don't do that.


Don't don't do that. Don't only Ronnie Coman can do that. Yeah. Because I mean, I I'm not the biggest veggie eve veggie either. Either. But I understand that when I can't get a complex carb or potato or rice, veggies, is it not for me? I could never eat green vegetables no matter what, what I tried. Wow. Still to this day, I can't eat 'em. How did, did you track your body? Did you track your body fat in the off season? Like, okay, I'm 2 75. Okay. I don't, I don't need to get up with this because it's hard on me. The harder you get, the higher you get up there. You got to bring that down. I weigh myself every single day.


Sometimes twice a day, sometimes three times a day. I'm, I'm weighing myself and, you know, trying to measure my fat. I remember I took this one test and my body fat was so low. It wasn't even a half a percent, it was 0.33. They would dip me under water and my numbers were negative. It was like minus two body fat. And then they would use these cali calipers on my skin. That's why I had a little bit of fat. Point three three. Not even a half a percent.


Man, you get a cold man. You've been in the hospital about seven days. I ain't never got a cold. Never had the flu. What? Never ever had the flu. I don't get sick. I can remember three times in my life I was sick. I remember I was going to school one day and I was junior high. I got, I threw up on my way to school. The next time I was in my apartment complex. I threw up and didn't go to work that day. And the last time I can remember was the first day I moved in my house.


I threw up at midnight. I was in bed sleeping and man, it, it just came outta nowhere. I threw up right there on, on on on the carpet. Brand new carpet. Damn. But Vicky was there. She cleaned that up real good for me. And those were the only times that I can remember being like, sick, sick, you know, and nothing else. I can, I think I had a cold maybe once or twice while I was coughing and stuff. I would get that every now and then. I couldn't tell you the last time I had one.


Now. It's been so long while I was just doing a little coughing that lasted maybe three, four days, something like that. After you won the first Olympia in 98, how well did you sleep subsequent Olympia? Well, the night after every Olympia, I never slept. I was hyped up, but I slept six hours a day every single day. All the way up to the show. Six hours a day. You was never, you was never rest. Like damn. I sure hope I, man, I sure hope I hit this peak. I sure I sure hope I'm ready to go tomorrow morning.


Nope. Psychologically I was ready. Mentally I was ready. Right. Physically I was ready. And I had that confidence that was so high. It didn't bother me in, in my sleeping Right. I slept like a big old, big old sleeping baby. Ronnie. What, what are, what are your PRs, if I was, someone asked you to say, Ronnie, what's the most weight you've ever benched? Squatted, deadlift. Put press. I know 'em all bench. I did 500 for five or six reps. It's on tape.


Dead lift is on tape. 800 for two squat. It is on, on tape also. 800 for two. I coulda got six. But that's, you know, no he or there leg press 2300 for nine. Right. And you know, curling, I've curled 2 25 before for maybe like 8, 7, 8 reps. But you know, I, I don't really count all that kind of stuff, you know. But you a military press, Ronnie, I mean seated press for three 15 For for 12. Yeah. And I think weight, I think, I think the most amazing thing Ronnie, was you doing those And now hot ass Dallas Sun, the parking lot.


You doing the walking London with 2 25. That's, that was that. That was kinda heavy. Just a little bit heavy but not that heavy. And I always looked forward to doing it 'cause that was one of my favorite exercises. And that where those strided glutes came from. That's where that go ham tie in was going to come. Yep. That when you spin it around. Yep. And you see that Christmas tree in that lower back. Yep. And them glutes, new glutes. Yeah. That's my favorite shot from the back with my hands out. But I did that walking lunge every single week out there in that parking lot. I remember one time it was snowing outside.


I'm like, here we go. You gotta do it. Slipping inside. I'm out there slipping SL with 2 25 doing my walking lunges. Right. So no matter what hell or high water I'm doing my walking lunges Ronnie, when it comes like the back, I look at you and most of the Olympians, if you go back and look at it, guys that have won Mo, they gotta have a back. Lee Haney had the back. Dorian Yate had the back. Ronnie Coleman had the back even if he didn't win. But ones Nu Seymour. Yeah. He had a good back. Joel Stubbs, he didn't win, but he had a great back. He had a great back. You look at Phil back, good back. Yep. Kai Green didn't win one back back.


Yep. If I were to say everybody at their absolute best. Yep. And I put y'all up on the stage. Who winning best? Who winning the back? Real la who winning back double by rear lat spread. All of those belong to me. Real light. Lights out. Lights out last. Yep. And double buy every single time. I'm gonna win every single time, man. Because those are my shots. That's your shot. That's the, but that's my money. If it was close And, we got to the back. It was over for y it was lights out, real light spread. And that's why I called it on stage.


We were doing this thing called the challenge round. I remember that. And me and Jay, only two guys left to, for first and second it's lights out. Real latch red game over. Yeah. Yeah. Buddy Ronnie, gimme your Mount Rushmore bodybuilders. Okay, we got Arnold at the top. You got Lee Haney in the second place. I'm going say 30 since I got eight. Olympia. I'm put old Phil in in in four since he got seven. Seven Olympians and I, I guess I put Dorian in since he got, he can't get up there.


You ain't got before spots Rob. Oh, he, he, he had, he didn't make it. That was it. Those are my top bodybuilders in the world today. Ronnie, you and I don't know if this had played a role. I remember the, when you lost, and I think it was 2005, 2006 when you lost to Jay six, 2006. Yep. They changed the format because remember they moved, it was one day, it was on a Friday and then a Saturday. Yep, exactly. Do you think that played a role in you not getting nine? Because normally it's in the morning. No, that didn't, that didn't have anything to do with it for the most part.


You know, I kinda, body kinda gave out on me. My back got to, to the point where I could barely stand on stage. Really. I was in so much pain. I mean, I was dying out there. But they changed that format actually in nine, like 2001. Yep. It was 2001. 'cause I remember I was losing the prejudging because I had already did the Arnold Classic. And I'd never ever done that before. My body was so tired and so exhausted.


I was going to the hospital the morning, morning of the 2001 Mr. Olympia. I never forget it. The night before my girl was putting on my tan. I was in the bathroom talking to the, I had my friends over there talking to my friends and all of a sudden I, and I wake up and I'm in the bathtub and I'm like, what that the hell happened? I'm asking everybody, what, what happened? How did I get in this bathtub? They're like, dude, you fainting. I'm like, what? It's like, they was like, yeah, you fainted.


I'm like, oh man, what's up with that? Well, the next morning I wake up, I can't even get out of bed. And I'm like, oh my God, it is over. And I was so tired and so exhausted. I felt like I was dying. I mean, I don't really know how it feels when a person is dying, but the way I felt, it felt like it was over. I didn't have no energy. I was tired. I was exhausted. I couldn't get outta bed because my leg was so heavy.


And I called Chad and I like Chad, I'm going to the hospital. I was like, forget this Olympia stuff. You know, I ain't trying to die for no show. Right. You know, I don't need it that bad. And Sha said, man, no, you don't work too hard for that. You done put too much into this. And I'm like, man, but he's like, just grab some water and drink until you feel better. Well, I, I grabbed a gallon of water and I drank the whole thing. Ah, man, come on man. You gonna spill over now. Exactly. That's exactly what happened. I got to that stage and I was watered down and they like, man, you, you losing the show check.


And you, you said they got you in second place. I'm like, what? She's like, yeah. He's like, we gotta go to the room. We gotta pull all this water off of you. So that's what we did. We went to the room. Chad hit me with that powder. Right. And I started peeing for about at least two hours. Right. Every 20 minutes I was going to the bathroom. Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie.


Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of.


A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level.


Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field.


We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. And I, Pete, so much word off me that I was back to my old self again. So at the night show, the old running came back and won that show. And man, that was the hardest Olympia in the hardest show I've ever competed in. 'cause I ain't never, ever felt like I was dying. That was, that was, that was my clue to body only peaks once a year.


And you gotta pick the show that you going to go, that you wanna peak in. Peak in. And I never did the Arnold Classic again. You never did it again. You never did it again. And I remember that 'cause you almost lost oh one. Yep. They had J in first, me in second. But you came back and then oh two was close again. And they say, Ronnie man, they gaining on you and they say, you want bigger, is that what y'all want? I I came back because they told me, man, you, you getting too big. You, you need to come in a little lighter. Come in flat as you have to. I'm like, okay. So that's what I did. Right? I came in a little lighter, came in a little flat and they was like, man, you can't look like that again.


We gonna have to take this thing from you. And I'm like, oh hell no. I ain't going out like that. Right. So I used to take three months off after every Olympia 2002. Not that year. I'm like, they are not taking this with from me. They want to go to war. I'll take you, take 'em to war. I'll take 'em to war. And that was the attitude that I went to the gym with every single day. And I was trying to, I was trying to lift the gym up. I would put like, if waist stack held 250 pounds, I'm putting another 2 45 on and, and trying to get as many reps as possible because they ain't taking this Olympia from me.


Right. I don't work too hard to, to get in this spot. To get in this spot. And it was like that every single day they want to go to war, I'll take 'em to war. If you go on stage at 2 85, how, how big did you get in the off season? Three 30 what? 330 pounds in all season. Oh my goodness. If you had to five 11, if you had to guess at 285 pounds when you stepped on stage, what do you think your body fat was? Point three three or less. Even at 85. 2 85? Yep. Even at 2 85. I was that lean because when I did the 0.33 Yeah.


I wasn't even in contact shape. I was like, mm. Six weeks out, something like that. Wow. So I can imagine what I'd be in contest shape. Right. Negative numbers probably. So at 2 85 I'm probably right around that same body fat. When you walked out, I remember watching it, you watch, you walked out, you had the crown on, he had had the cloak and you had the in your hand. I'm the king. You had the king. Did you know that they had to Ronnie when they saw you backstage?


Yep. They had to know it was over. Yep. They they knew it was over. Nobody had ever been that big. Yep. That conditioned. Yep. I mean the guys get that big in the off season. Yep. But they ain't nearly that condition. No. No. But for you to get that side, not that and be conditioned. I mean you could still, you could still see the Christmas tree. Yep. You still had the striated glutes. Yep. Everyth that went to the Hamstra everyth, everything, everything still there. And knew you had the ated Dels. I knew it was over with. I'm gonna come out and show you. I'm gonna come out with this king outfit. But did you know that probably there was not a chance that you would ever be able to get that way look like that again, anything is possible.


That's what I always say. Anything is possible. And after that I, I, I did, you know, come in at 2 95 in the, I think it was 90 2004, I think I was 2 95 on stage. Of course I wasn't as ripped. Right. You know, at 2 95. But I was still pretty big. Right. And pretty hard. I still had straight glutes. Right. I still had all of my stripes and just, just not as crispy. Not as crispy. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, I still won. Yeah, you won. Bottom line is I still won. Right. You know.


When did you know it was over? When did you know like this, it, this is my last Olympia. I got nothing else to give to this sport. I've given everything I possibly can to this sport and it's over 2007. I was standing on stage and they was going through comparison and man, I was really struggling to stand on stage. I'm like, oh yeah, this is it. I ain't doing no more after this. 'cause just to stand on stage, I was in a lot of pain, excruciating pain. And it was start my feet and go all the way up to my hips and just to walk was, was a chore.


And every time I came off stage, I would have to go and sit down because I couldn't stand and no longer. And I knew right then on stage it is over. Bob handed me the mic and I completely fell apart, you know, trying to tell everybody this was, this was it. And you know, my time has come, you know, it was very heartbreaking. You know how it is. You have to retire from sport that you love so much. You got so much passion for, like I say, I, I do it for free, you know, if I had to and I I did it for free as amateur.


Yeah. But you know, the mind is willing, but the body just isn't able anymore. The body, the body can't keep up with it. You know. They said nobody has defeated father all the time. Nope. And nobody ever will. Did you know, you said you hurt your back in high school, you hurt your neck in high school. Yep. But did you think it, I mean, what four, I mean from 2017 you had like 12, 13 surgeries your back had, everything is viewed. I think you got maybe one of your own vertebraes in your back, your hips. Yep. Did you think it was gonna get this bad Ronnie? Never in a million years did I think it would get this bad. I've had 13 surgeries, like you said. I've had eight backs surgeries, three neck, two hip, and I'm, I'm still hanging now.


Yeah. I'm still working out six days a week. And I still got that passion. I read where you said internally everything's fine. I feel internally all my organs are functioning properly. My kidneys are doing, my liver's doing what it's supposed to do. Everything's going good. My heart, everything, everything. It's just, it's just at my back and my hips, my knees balance is pretty much gone for the most part. Do you look back and like you don't, so you don't think squatting a thou Ronnie, I mean think about how how much weight, that's a lot weight over the No, over the course of your career that you've lifted 47 years. Yes. Is what I got.


You lifted millions of pounds, not five millions of millions of pounds. Millions of pounds. And you know, that takes a toll on the body. Yes. You know, it eventually it's going to catch up with you. And that's what happened to me in 2007. All that banging and heavy lifting finally caught up with me. And it was time to go. Do you ever look back your home with your beautiful family sitting in bed? Like, damn, was it all worth it? Never to this day. I said, if I had to do over again, the only thing I would do is squat that 800 man, that 800, that 800 still bother you.


That 800 still bother me after all this time. I'm like, man, I blew it. I blew my opportunity there to squat 800 for six reps. You remember that? I remember like it was yesterday, I remember putting it up. I'm like, why did I put this to up? I had at least four more reps in me. If you, if you go back and listen to the tape, you hear me say, oh man, that was life. I should did more reps. Did you think about, because I remember the same thing. I, I thought the same thing. I remember I was working out in Roast Gym and I went up to the 170 pound dumbbells. And other than you, I'm the only one that's ever moved those. Yeah. So I did, I did five, I did five.


I think I did five reps with it. And I was like, roast said, do you can do the one eighties only Ronnie Coleman has ever done those. One eighties. And I remember saying to myself, dog, I'll get 'em next week because I had already did the one 40 to 1 50, 1 60, 1 70. I said, I'm a little tired. I said, I'll get it next week. Next week. Never came. Never came. And that's my only regret of the weight room is that I didn't, I didn't at least attempt the 180 because you were the only one that's ever moved them. Yep. Yep. There wasn't nothing for me ba back in the day. Nah, it that was lightweight because you was moving them like they, like they were hundreds. Yeah. Man, I, I did 200 for 12 reps, you know? Right. So 180 ain't nothing.


How did winning the Olympia Olympia, how did that change Ronnie Coleman's life? Man, I was a lot more richer. I was broke for 34 years of my life. My first Olympian year. I fi I finally made some money. You got some money, finally made some money and finally came up in the world. Right. So it was the greatest feeling ever to finally make some money where I didn't have to, you know, worry about my next meal or worry about house note, car note and all of that stuff. So it was the greatest feeling ever to this day.


I mean, can't nothing top that, you know, like I said, winning that first Olympia, it, it was the greatest feeling ever. It, it was, it was so good and so great. I, I can't even describe how, how good it was, how wonderful it was to finally win something that I truly enjoyed doing. I had the most passion in the world for doing, it's hard to put in words. It, it just, that enjoyable is hard to put in words because like I said, I never even dreamed about winning the Olympic because I never thought it was possible. Right.


I got into bodybuilding for a free membership to the gym. Right. And never even considered winning the Olympia. All I was thinking about, hey, I get a chance to work out for free and I'm gonna make the best. I mean, I'm gonna do my best, you know, when I get on stage. Because, you know, that's how after these us athletes singing, we got gotta be our best at everything we do. We do And we gotta challenge ourselves to, to be even better. And that's what I was doing every time I went to the gym. When it comes to Fame and bodybuilding. I mean really only it's Arnold and then you Yeah.


I mean when you go even these blue body girls, it's you. I mean, I see the crowds. I mean I, I remember when you, when the, the expos and, and when you came and it's like the Red Sea party because everybody wanted to, everybody wanted to see you. Yep. Everybody just wanna say, I saw him, I touched him, I touched his arm. He's bigger. He's bigger than you think. Exactly. That's what I hear all the time. And social media has taken my career to another level. I'm more busier now than I've ever been in my whole entire life. This year is the busiest year ever that I've had in my career because I've been on the road at least every single weekend.


Just about every single week I've been gone for weeks at a time. Wow. Sometime two weeks at a time. And it's been going on since January. And this is the only time I've had off in a long time. I got two weeks to be at home and I'm hitting the road again. What if it had, so what if it had social media back when, when you was doing what you was doing? Roddy? Man, I'd be the king of the world pretty close to it now, but Right. I'll be on a whole nother level of being king of the world.


People say that having known you, having been around you, having seen you people like, well he could have never been that size had he not taken the supplementation. Probably maybe not the 2 85. Yeah. But I think you still could have been the two 50. Yeah, for sure. Easily. You know, I was almost there in the off season for sure. But it, it, it, it contributed somewhat to it. You know, me getting just a little bit harder and being a little bit bigger on stage for sure. But if you on stage with guys that doing things that they're doing, you can't compete with 'em.


You just trying to level the playing field doing the same thing. Yeah. I'm, and, and what I was doing, like you just said, I'm just trying to like level the paint plant, paint the field and, and that's the way I looked at it for the most part. Right. Had it not been that way, I wouldn't have never, you know, did what those guys were doing. Right. When you, when you lost, when you finally got beat, because like you said Lee retired, nobody ever defeated him. No, no. Dorian lost Lee his before Lee retired. Yeah, exactly. And so you, I mean, I'm sure you wanted to like get the nine be done with go away and be done with it.


Yep. And it didn't happen. Were you, were you disappointed? Highly disappointed. Still disappointed to this day. You think you wouldn't, you think you wouldn't? I I I know I won, but you know, they say change is good and change is going to come about sometime or another. And that was the time you should have told 'em it was gonna be your last year. Would he felt sorry. I don't think it would've made no difference. I don't think it would've made no difference. They already had it in their mind and it was made up as soon as we walked out there on stage. They had already decided change is going to happen this year.


Did you, did you ever train with any, your competitors? Yep. Yep. Me and Jay trained together all the time. At least when we go to gym show. Right. You know, we would train together something the and Steve show. Right. So we trained together on the road flex. Not so much Flex what? Your beat. He ain't wanna train with you know about. No, he didn't wanna train with me. But he gave you all the tools. He should have kept some of that to himself. Flex came to Metroflex. Yeah. And tried to work out. Not running. You work out too long, you lift as much weight. He did one set heavy. He was done. He did one set, it was done.


He's like, man, it's too hot in here and you lifting too much weight. I I know I'm getting myself into it and I ain't about to do it. And he was done. And for the more part, Jay was the only one who would try to work out with me and keep up with me. But you know, I, I was killing him too. He could not there either. Once I put them fire plates on that, on that squat, he was done. He was out. Ronnie look, 13 surgeries since 2017 hit replacement. Back, shoulder, neck. 1996. You suffered a herniated disc.


Yep. Waiting to address that. Yep. So now red, you almost paralyzed due to artificial support. You got 14 screws, two cages, two rods. In 2018 you had intestine for the inserted screws outta your back. Had to go back in there in 2019. Had to fix four broken screws in your back. Yep. One year I had three surgeries from broken screws. They said I weighed too much. I was too muscular for those screws. I find found a doctor that, that had some better screws on, on my last surgery over in Fort Worth. I was going to this doctor in Dallas and those screws just wasn't working for me.


Wasn't made for a man your size. It wasn't made for a man my size. And I found out the hard way. I could, I can remember like it was yesterday, I went into surgery. I went in the Recco recovery room. I came outta the recovery and went straight to my room. And about an hour later the nurse came in. She's like, I need to check your bandages. She said, I need you to turn over. And I turned and pow. Huh? I'm like, Susan, did you hear that? She's like, yeah, I heard that. I'm like, what was that? I'm like, I'm like, I don't know. And I turned back over again.


Pow. I'm like, did you hear that? She's like, yeah, I heard that again. And I didn't think nothing of it till I went to the doctor three days later for a follow up. He was like, man, those screws done broke again. We got you have you do another surgery. What? I'm like, that's what that was when that nurse had me to turn over. That was those screws breaking right outta surgery. That's malpractice. Well, we tried to sue and they was like, well we can't take this case. They, they, they going side with the doctor.


They gonna say something like, you, you, you been working out and all this kind stuff. Wow. So that's what they had to tell me because I sure would've went on up in there. That what? That what That's what they had to tell me that. Yeah. Well the, the lawyers like I done tried every lawyer here in Dallas and nobody would take the case. Wow. I mean she tried everything in her power to pursue it and called the doc doctor up and he was like, sorry, you know, ain't nothing we can do, but if you sue, we going to take you to court and you going to lose.


And she decided the best thing to do was to drop in because we didn't wanna go in there and spend all this money to lose. Right. So that's what we did. We just dropped it. And to forget it, you know, when the doctors told you, say, Ronnie, you're not gonna be able to walk like you once could. You can take a few steps here or there, but you're gonna be re relegated to your scooter. What's going through your mind? You got a family, got kids. They ne Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers.


Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future.


It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level.


Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field.


We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Never even said nothing like that. They didn't no Uhuh they told me I was gonna be fine. I was gonna be back to normal in no time. Just go to a hour. We went to rehabilitation right after surgery every single time I would go to the hospital. They had me in the hospital re rehab hospital for like three months. What? Three whole long months in rehab hospital.


And man, it was the hardest thing ever. But I came out of there still in wheelchair. It finally got to, to the point where, where I went to crutches and I went also to therapy here locally for another two months. And it got to the point where I was almost able to walk without the crutches and insurance ran out and I like, oh, I can just go to the gym and just do this on my own. I went to the gym and tried to do it.


It just never worked out. Not the same. Not the same. So I recently took it back up. I'm like, I'm gonna give it one more shot 'cause I'm tired of sitting in this wheelchair. I wanna walk without, you know, crut crutches and get my balance back. Right. So I'm going, you're not having another surgery? No, no. I'm going to therapy twice a week. And then other three days I'm out there in my pool doing therapy out there. I do it every night around like, man, midnight, one in the morning out there doing like 45 minutes to an hour or work out in the pool. He, he told my all exercise I need to do, right.


So I, I go out there and do that and things are getting a little bit better, right? So I'm gonna give myself about another year and a half at least to get back on my feet. I'm going, I'm doing stem cell. And that has helped tremendously. You know, that took away pretty much all the pain I was going through. Really? Yeah. That helped out a whole lot. So I've been doing that at least three times, four times a year. I try to go like every three to five months and, and and has those you going overseas though? To get that dog? I'm going to Mexico. Okay. They won't do it here.


You know, they, they won't want you to take those pain medications. Right. You know, I go over there and it's working out real good. You know, I, like I said, it pretty much eliminated all my pain and it's helping me to get back to walking again. So I say, but then the next year and a half, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be back to walking without crutches. You getting the stem cells in your back or your hips, your knees? Where are you getting the stem cell? It's actually IV that they just put in your arm. Okay. And it goes out throughout the whole entire body for the most part. Wow. So who turned you off? Stem cell.


I got an email from a guy long time ago. It was probably about almost three years ago. Told me about the stem cell guy over in Mexico. And you know, I went over there and it worked out pretty good. You know, like I said, I was in a lot of pain when I, when I first went. And then after one injection, the pain subsided a whole lot. Wow. And the more I go, the less painful it is for me now. So I just had, my last one was probably back in, I think right before se June.


June. But June, yeah. Somewhere in there. I've been on the road so much and did so many trip trips. I kinda kinda forget, but I think the last one in was in June and the guy said, man, you ought to come back in this time in like three months so you know, we can get ahead of this thing. I told, I'm like, okay, I'll see what I can do. So I'm getting ready to go back one more time, probably in November because I think things started slowing down for me. Right. So I'm try to go in November and, and have another one. Like I said, every time I go I get just a little bit better. Right. So I think about another year, maybe a year and a half after going to all this therapy and doing all this therapy in the pool, I should be back to walking without crutches.


That's, that's my goal. Ronnie, you still go to the gym six days a week? Six days a week. Is that your mental therapy? That's my mental therapy and my physical therapy. That's something that I'm gonna have to do the rest of my life. Right. Because it works out real good for me. Why, why you never became a trainer, Ronnie. I don't think anybody could keep up with what I'm going put 'em through what Ronnie did. Ronnie, they not you. Yeah, I know. I know. So I'm just gonna be wasting my time in there.


Right. So I'm like, I don't wanna do nothing that, that I don't have a lot of passion for. So training is not my thing. I've had all kind of people, Dion call me, have me to train. I'm like, no, I, I don't, I don't train people. Do I had to find somebody, but that's just not my thing. Right. You know, prime, he wanted you to train him or he wanted you to train somebody in his family? He, he wanted me to train him and his wife. Okay. And I'm like, no dude, that ain't my thing. I'm not in to training people. This was like 10, 15 years. This is a long time ago. Right. But I, I told him too. I don't, I just don't train. You ain't got no patience.


Train people. I ain't have patience and, and you, I don't have time for anything that I really don't have a lot of passion for. So I'm into things that I have passion for. Like I started my own company right back in 2011. I have this Ronald Holman 60. You see some of my products and we've had this company now for about 13 years and every year it gets a little bit better. Right. You know, we, we started out at like 4 million in revenue. I think the last two years is increased up to almost 20 million.


Wow. So, you know, every year it increased in revenue and we hoping to get this thing the 20. And then after that, you know, 30 after that you wanna sell, you gonna sell or you wanna keep it, I'm gonna keep it because it, it's just one of those things that, you know, it's a challenge for me. Right. And, and I, I look forward to a challenge, challenge each and every single day. 'cause I know if I put my mind to something like that, I can do anything I want. I I I, I learned that from winning eight Mr. Olympias in a row.


Absolutely. It is all about hard work, dedication, passion and mo motivation. And I have all that for, for what I'm, what I'm doing now. Making the sacrifices I have to make, you know, being on the road for three weeks at a time. I remember one time we did this tour in China for three weeks. It was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. Trying to eat that nasty Chinese food. The whole three weeks I was there. I never had a good meal. You don't like Chinese food? I hate Chinese food. They got rice, chicken and rice. Their chicken is not like our chicken.


I remember one time I went to a restaurant and I ordered chicken and rice and I'm like, man, this is dry. This is not that good. And I'm eating and I look and I see the set of eyes looking right back at me. I'm like, what the hell going on here man. They put the whole chicken in the there. I dig a little bit further. Some legs. They had, they had the chicken feet in there. They had the chicken feet in there. Oh no. They had the whole chicken there, there.


And like I said, I looked down and some eyes looking right back at me. But you know, we grew up in the country. So chicken feet, we used to, I don't know if you ate 'em, but I ate chicken feet where I was grew up at. You ain't eat no chicken feet. We didn't eat no chicken feet. No, no, no. We, we ate the drumstick. No, that's about as far as it went. You know, we didn't do the feet. How many times a day do you get when you go somewhere? Do people ask you for workout tips? Just about everywhere I go and I'll, I I'll tell 'em, you know, you gotta learn from somebody that's very knowledgeable. Right.


Because knowledge is power. The more you have, the better off you're gonna be. So fine. Somebody that's, you know, that has a record, has a record where they, they've taken somebody and made 'em a champion or made, taken somebody and made, made 'em real good. Right. And just find that person and learn as much as you possibly can from. Right. Does Chad still change train people? Yep. Chad is still training people to this day. Really? Yep. He told me he had 70 clients. What? He's kind of, he's kind of behind the scenes. He doesn't, he don't train the big name guys anymore.


He has a few guys up there in the top five. But for the most, Chad part, Chad, he's, he's had a lot of problems lately. He been in, in and outta the hospital for certain illnesses. Matter of fact, I think he's in the hospital right now. 'cause I talked to him a couple weeks ago and he was telling he's on the verge of dying. I'm like, what? He's like, yeah, man, I've been catching a lot of hell lately with, I don't know what it is, but he's real sick and like I said, he's in the hospital now, you know, struggling for his life now, and he doing the best he can, but he's still real sick, you know, it is just one of those things that happened to his wife, said she even has cancer and she, she's a real sick too.


So they going through it over there. I don't know what it is, but just one of those things that happens to you in, in life, you know? Right. You married, you got eight daughters. Yep. You ain't got No, you ain't got no boys. No boys. Eight daughters for my eight Olympians. Yep. So what, I mean, what, what's it, I mean, that many, that many women in the house, obviously you're happily married, I mean Yep, yep. So, so what's, what's a typical day, what's a typical dad day for Ronnie Colgan? Well, sometimes I take the kids to school and try to, you try a bus?


I try to, yeah. I gotta escalate just like a bus, but I try to, at least if I don't take 'em, I'll pick 'em up. So, okay. So I, I pick the kids up from school every single day. I don't get up until about two o'clock in the afternoon. Two o'clock I go to bed at six o'clock. What the hell you doing on the other? Oh, it is just that, that night life I got used to it. Right. You know, when I worked the police department, I went to bed around about four o'clock every, every, every, every morning. Okay. And, we wake up at seven. Okay, well now I move it back to six.


So you go to bed at six, get up at two. Yep. Eat, eat a meal, go pick the kids up, take them, get something to eat, come back home, drop them off and go to the gym. Wow. You know, I do at least hour cardio every day. I do at least a hour of waits every day. So, you know, my life hadn't changed too much from where it used to be, except for, you know, taking the kids to school and dropping 'em off. Right. But for the most part, I'm still doing the same thing I always did. I ate the same food. Chicken and rice and steak and potato.


Yeah, that's what I was about to ask you. So how different is, is Ronnie Coleman's diet now compared to when he was competing back then? I ate chicken breasts. Right. So now I eat chicken thighs. I like chicken thighs. Yeah. There's something about that flavor, huh? Yeah, but it, and you know, I also still go to like ihop. I go to IHOP now. Right. And eat, eat them. Sometimes I get pancake. You eat them MAs pancakes. Pancakes, yeah. And, but sometimes I'll get, you know, chicken and rice there, huh? Yeah, they got pretty good chicken at Aha. Yeah, they got pretty good chicken. So I get chicken and rice or chicken and corn or something like that.


Right. You know, just, just to change it up a little bit. And I used to eat none but filet. Then I went to ribeye. I was about to say, you get the, you get the bone in ribeye bone in Ribeye. My favorite one. It does have that bone, does have that flavor though. But bone does have that flavor. But for the most part, I, you know, bone is kind of hard to find here. So most of the time I just get the regular ribeye without the bone. Well, I kinda got tired of steak, so I switched to ground beef. Really? Yep.


I eat like two ground beef patties, maybe for now. Three. I go to three In what city? And oversize. Well they are. Hmm. Well, in one city. Yep. I eat mean two, three ground beef patty topped off with a little cheese. So you like hamburgers, so you make hamburgers outta 'em, but you just eating, eat no bun, eat eating meat, no bun. Okay. I eat baked potato with that. Okay. So plain baked potato. Nothing, only, you know, and pretty much like thing where I eat back in the day, you know, except I don't do, I didn't do ground beef. That was filet mignon.


Right. That's all I ate was filet mignon. And if I was allowed to have some carbs would be a baked potato. Right. But for the most part, you know, no carbs. So it would just steak by itself. But you never liked fish, so you never ate cod halibut or anything like that? I never ate none of that stuff. Seven. No, none of that. I never had fish in my diet. It was always steak and chicken and Turkey and that was it. So you just didn't like it? I liked fish. It just, it didn't put that thickness on me like I wanted it to be. But I thought, but like when you coming down, would you like, you know?


No. Nope. Still, still, still steak. Still sticking with the steak. So it was steak and chicken and Turkey. My whole diet, that's all I ate was steak, chicken, and Turkey. Okay. No, no fish. Nothing else. No other, no other kind of meat. Ain't read too many, many out there that you get from the store. Anyway, guys, I just had a conversation and a workout with Ronnie Coleman. Ronnie, I really appreciate the workout, appreciate the sit down. We know they're gonna love it. Oh yeah. Congrats on everything you've done. Yeah, but appreciate that. Really appreciate that. Ronnie Coleman. All my life. Ronnie, all my life.


Sacrifice. Hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Yeah, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll, DED. The all my life. I've been running all my life. Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila. For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed, both on and off The field.


Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast. Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast.


Off the Edge with me, cam Jordan. Catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL Stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.