0 (0s):
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.

1 (31s):
Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent, living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.

2 (1m 1s):
Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home, go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.

4 (1m 35s):
This message comes from Greenlight, ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.

3 (2m 5s):
We going in Paris? Girl? Okay, well wee, we we? Yes. On Shante and men.

5 (2m 12s):
Get it. Well

3 (2m 13s):
Menage. Well, we won't be menage tix there. No, no. But it's a three three of us. Lemme rephrase that. Welcome back to another episode of Humble Baddies. I am Alexis Welch Meyer. I'm Ashley Nicole. And I am Sherelle Rosado.

3 (2m 54s):
And we are the, the we're freshly back landed and rested from beautiful Bourbon Street in New Orleans. Yes. What a time we have. I mean, we did so many firsts. We had our first meeting greeted as the Humble Baddies. Yes. We did a live on nightcap. So we were introduced there with Shannon and Ocho and many other guests and a few podcast appearances. That's right. You two were on on outside the lines. Inside the lines. Inside the lines. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Shout out to Latoya and her crew. That was amazing. It was. Yes. Such a good time. Yes, yes.

3 (3m 34s):
We stopped by fashion show off the Field Ladies association. That was nice too. Right? That was so beautiful. Like we laughed and we cried. It was just, it was amazing. It was beautiful, beautiful event. Yeah, it was. We were not ready for that. Right. But they honored some of the victims of the attack that happened in New Orleans at the beginning of the year. So it was really good to be a part of New Orleans. Have the cuisines and experience the streets and many fans from all around the world. Right? Yeah. Shout out our favorite restaurant. Let's look out Larry Morrow. Yes. Shout out. Yes. The Morrow was amazing. Listen, I'm still thinking about that food.

3 (4m 14s):
My mouth is still water crab. The crab cloth was like, bring them out. Keep bringing them out. Keep bringing them out. Yes. But the hospitality he gave us, it was amazing. So if y'all ever go to New Orleans, make sure y'all check out Mells. Yes. Yes. Creole and Cajun food with the different tastes. The bowl flavor, the jammal, the yo red fish ram beef rice. Oh, red beans and rice. I mean, oh, it's taking me back now. I might have to go whip something up real quick. We forgot something. We're gonna have to go back and get our What? Something We just, we just needed an excuse to go back. Yes, yes. We, we, you ready? We go back. I mean, I'm sure New Orleans wants to see us again.

3 (4m 55s):
I gotta umbi umbi this back though, girl. I'm sorry. Up. The food was delicious though, so yeah, shout out. Tomorrow's. It was absolutely divine. So, speaking of the Biggie main event that just happened on Super Bowl Sunday, how you feel, how feeling? Okay. So y'all see what's going on. As y'all can see, I'm a Kansas City fan. I I still have love for Kansas City. We were defeated. Y'all shout as got y'all. We did. Thanks. And the best team won. So shout out to the Eagles. Yes. I told y'all if y'all would've listened to me, I said it. I said, the Eagles are gonna come and tell that ass up.

3 (5m 35s):
And they, they did, you know, low key, not only did they tell that ass up, it was a lot of records broken too. It was, I mean, the sacks were outrageous. I mean, it just, I was expecting a better game. I was hoping for a better game. Just as a fan of football. Yeah. The game was pretty. Oh my goodness. It was a sad game. It was zero to 24 at halftime. I was just like, at this point I was like, how are we going to either get back from this or are we gonna end up like, you know, the underdog, like the story of the comeback. Right. Which would've been epic. Like, like the Patriots and the Falcons. Correct. Because you remember the Falcons was 10. The Patriots sucked. Okay. But then the Patriots came back.

3 (6m 15s):
Halftime, was it? Halftime. Third quarter they came back and, and won. So I was thinking something like that was gonna happen. They just say it was scripted. That's all the, the chiefs. Oh, we don't wanna hear that late. Yeah. Be saying this. I know about this one. There was like, what, three interceptions? It was, it was, they played horrible. It was really bad. I have never seen a debacle of like that in a, the magnitude of just heaviness of the chief. So, but it's okay. We have the last two rings, so not too bad. It's okay to share the welfare. Get listen, shout out to Jalen Herz. He, the award goes. Yes. He's the humble daddy. The humble daddy. He's the humble daddy. Jalen Hurtz threw 221 yards.

3 (6m 56s):
He had two touchdowns. Did that. Yes. MVP. Yep. Yeah. So shout out to Jalen Hertz. I was actually cheering for him too. I just, it's, it's tough because, you know, he has, he's led by a all female team. Yeah. A black agent. That's amazing. You know, that you could see his love for his fiance. Yeah. And just, we love to see it. We love to see all that good. Okay. And then shout out to this game in general with two black quarterbacks. Come on now. Yeah. And it's black. Three months. That was big deal. I'm rooting for everybody Black. That's right, that's right. It was the win-win situation. It surely was. It sure was. I cannot complain. Like, it was just for that overall, you know, it was definitely a, a vibe to be able to see it and just, it was a vibe.

3 (7m 41s):
Understand it. And then at least us Cheese fans, we did have something to look out for the halftime performance. Right. But did y'all really look out? Like, did y'all really look forward to it? See the halftime performance I did absolutely like that. I feel like a lot of people tune in more so for the halftime performance. But see, the thing I've heard that I feel like people was upset. Did y'all see like the Twitter, the tweets, as we know people gonna have something to say, but they were saying what Black Twitter or regular Twitter, because black Twitter is a whole nother, they was going in black. Twitter was going in on on the performance. I loved the performance.

3 (8m 23s):
I thought I was turned. I was turned, but I felt like it wasn't to the capacity of what a Super Bowl halftime should be. Ooh. I disagree. I feel like Lil Wayne would've ripped it out the park. I can't remember name, but I felt like, like more people know Lil Wayne's music and for it to be in New Orleans, I feel like it would've hit home better because they were showing like videos of like the audience. And Yes, they didn't know the music. What it was. Some songs I didn't even know. Like some of the songs I didn't, I know Kendrick Lamar, so I knew I knew the songs. But I, if you're, if you don't know Kendrick Lamar, music like that, I mean, it's hard to get into because he's a, he's a lyricist. He's not like he, he a lyricist.

3 (9m 4s):
You know, it's not just like music. You just, I don't know. It's very, it has, it's very meaningful. And people I think we're missing his message that he was making. I totally disagree. One, we had the sitting president sitting in the stands, you know, we're coming off of this election and inauguration did you kept singing a song. And I wasn't paying attention to him. I know one thing though, we have a Pulitzer Prize winning artist that is storytelling. Yeah. And he had the platform on America's biggest stage. And not just America. I'm gonna just, let's say the world's global stage. Just the NFL and the fact that he basically told this president in his face respectfully not using any curse words and using, he took out a lot of major words that were catchphrases that, you know, we all know to fill in a bank.

3 (9m 59s):
Yeah. Kendrick was the epitome of social influence and standing on business and justice. He is right at, I don't think everybody caught it, is what I said. It translated. I, I don't know. So I think a lot of the people were just sitting there like, did you pay attention? I give us more credit. Did you pay attention to like his mic? It wasn't clear in the beginning because Kendrick is very controversial. Like he'll say something like, he can spit something out. Yeah. Outta his music quick. And it just, yeah. So I felt like the mic was intentionally low until his last song came on.

0 (10m 34s):
This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience.

0 (11m 14s):
Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.

1 (11m 35s):
Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity

6 (12m 5s):
During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back.

6 (12m 46s):
Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.

7 (13m 3s):
Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like, I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what Meaningful Beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now.

8 (13m 28s):
Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every

7 (13m 31s):
Age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.

3 (13m 42s):
I just know that pop culture in the song that everybody is talking about and off of album and song and just like all these Grammy wins, he stood for so much and I loved it. Like the fact that he was on a game controller. Yeah. The fact that he had Samuel L. Jackson being Uncle Sam. How we respect Samuel as being one of the highest, he's in the, some of the highest grossing movies we've ever seen. Right. You have Serena, who is the epitome of Black Essence up in the face. Come on. But she's from, she is from just like Kendrick. So she's coming in there and you know, walking Well that was a dis to Drake.

3 (14m 24s):
It is. That's fine. Because you know, they're just gonna let us know. And then you just had, you had Scissor too likes selling Cut Behind. She's also an ex known of Drake as well. I know that. So it's just like, you know, Drake Kendrick was being petty. He was. He was. But everyone in unison in that whole Super Bowl and even at home saying a minor. So if you didn't know the words, you knew those two words. See, I thought he wasn't gonna say sing it because in in the beginning he said something like, you know, people like to s sue. Right. I would sing it, but people like to sue whatever American culture. You had to sing that though. That's like American culture again. Sure.

3 (15m 4s):
He was gonna sing that song. Do y'all feel like it was intentionally like to basically let Drake, like with Drake, do y'all feel like after this Super Bowl performance, his music career went down the drain? Absolutely not. This is what we need to see for the culture. This is what we need to see for music and entertainment. And what better way to really capture this on live TV and where now we're talking about it the next day. You don't think it was like a big embarrassment for Drake? Absolutely not. This is a form of art now. I can't wait to hear what Drake is gonna come back with. Drake has so many levels too. Being an actor, being, you know, he can sing.

3 (15m 44s):
He can touch the ladies, he can be champagne poppy, but he can get in his bag too. And I can't wait to see because the whole point is he's been on the top. Drake has been the number one, you know, really the, not the enemy. I don't wanna say the enemy, but the goal. Hence why he's bringing on people as features and elevating them and giving them a different vibe. We're playing Drake on yachts. We're playing Drake in, in clubs, in Europe, in Greece, things like that. You know, so I see it happening. It's Drake like, he's amazing. So it's Drake. But how do you feel when everyone, all the talk dogs Yes. Basically are against you now?

3 (16m 25s):
Like I don't think it's an against thing. I just think it's really like, it's still competition at the end of the day. And they always gonna come after the top. And right now it's Kendrick. So that means everyone has to get their pins together, their thoughts together, their they their their words and they, and mission and mission together. So that way they can come to, to the top spot. That's what rap gaming is about. Especially with the men. They like to go back and forth and have that banter and me versus you. Right. Whereas the ladies, for example, they can go on tour and sell out and like come together and battle and do their thing, but like have a nurturing spirit. So like I just see it more as a sport now. I feel like, feel like, I feel like Drake could have, it could have reversed a little bit.

3 (17m 8s):
I know Bootsy came out and said nobody stood up for Drake, whatever. But I feel like that's false because DJ Khaled came out and said, Hey, I got two songs that's co coming out with Drake or whatever. And Drake came back and responded. He came back and responded and was like, you must be talking about Drake Bell. Like that's a slap in the face. 'cause dj dj, everybody know DJ Khaled is that boy. And for you to go back and reply and make a statement like that, like damn. Like he basically there for you. He's, he telling people, even though he's friends with your Drake came back and said he came back and come in and he was like, you must be talking about Drake Bell. I'm sure they have songs. I don't know. All I know is I thought the Super Bowl performance was black as fuck.

3 (17m 51s):
And I loved that Black excellence. I'll take it. Like, even if you didn't get like, the deeper subliminal messages that he was obviously displaying. I just felt like it was amazing to see, you know, the, all the black dancers, they were all black. Yes. They were all how they did the flag, the red, red, white, blue, red. Yes. Like soldiers, right? They yeah. Like they're very patriotic. All of it was just very much just, I don't know. It was raw. It was black. I love that intention hall that, yeah. Yes. So I love that about it. It was a great, it, it was a good Super Bowl. It's just, it was just different from like, I probably would've preferred L Wayne to be honest, just because it was in New Orleans.

3 (18m 33s):
New Orleans. And I feel like L Wayne is more entertaining book, probably are more, I don't know. His music is more relatable to So you think he should be next? No, I think somebody else should be next. Who do you think should be next? Chris Brown. Oh, it's definitely Chris Brown. Chris Brown. That's definitely Chris Brown. Yeah. Chris Brown. Who's next? Rex Chris Brown is is like top tier up there with Michael Jackson. I agree. He's, he can perform his as, he's a, a performer. He can sing and I just feel like, you know, yes, he deserves a chance. I agree. He should be next. Yeah. That, that would be my pick too. 'cause it's just everything he can do. Flip his boy can dance. Dance. He got the energy, like the crowd gonna stay going from, from start to end.

3 (19m 17s):
And he's a generational talent. Like we as all appreciate him decades for sure. And he wants some Grammys. Yes. So that's a big thing. Yes. So yeah. So it's it's it's his time. Yeah. It's definitely he should be next. So we gonna, we gonna put that out there for the universe as well as the committee. Right? We, we wanna see Chris Brown, right Ladies? Chris Brown, all sv. We want, we wanna see you. It's gonna be hard. But they need to bring Chris Brown there. Yes. Who do, who pick is it? There's a committee. I believe its Jay-Z. Yeah, I think it's part of, yeah, it's like a committee. And I feel like they haven't missed yet. I really do. Like I appreciated Kendrick.

3 (19m 59s):
It was great timing. Just off of Everyth everything. Well, when they go to Atlanta, I'm gonna need Jeezy. I'm gonna need, you know, I'm gonna need some real Atlanta artist in there. Okay. Who else would, would y'all do like future? Would y'all do like no Big boy, take it back. Should we take it back? Big boy did it the last like, I don't know if it was in, it wasn't Atlanta, it was Big boy. Big Andre. 3000. I dunno. Andre, I thought Andre, I, I think Big Boy did it. I don't know if Andre was on there. I can't recall but, well 'cause it was with Maroon five. Remember that year? Okay. So anyways, next. Next time at Atlanta Let's Atlanta. A couple years from now. I think it's in two years now. I know 2028 is gonna be there.

3 (20m 39s):
And so we really need, we going some real Atlanta art to be in the building. Okay. So we gonna put that to the committee now. Play too many great Atlanta artists for them. Not Yeah. To bring somebody from Atlanta. Would you mix new and old? Yeah, sure. Yeah. I love, I love But we gotta have the older, you gotta have the main fan artist the best. I agree to bring out all the, the rest of them. I agree. Who would be that main one? Hmm. I would like for Jeezy to be the main one. Jeezy needs to redo the symphony. Ooh. Yeah. Bring out the whole, that's a vibe. I think it should be Outcast or a Jeezy. Yeah. I like that. I like that. I wouldn't mind Jeezy being the main.

3 (21m 20s):
I think that would be dope. 'cause he brings a different vibe. Vibe to the city. Hmm. Yeah. I think that, I think that would be a good, a good look. But he have a mixture of the old street hood music and then the commercialized music. Yeah. So it'll be a good blend. I love that. Okay. Well we didn't, we didn't skip from next year. We didn't plan the whole action. You not like the whole Atlanta? I'm not mad at this. Yes, yes. They need to put us on a committee. Yes. We'll get it done. Yeah. That's what we do. So while we were at Nightcap, there was a big announcement. Anyone, you ladies wanna let the announcement out? Yes. Well it's already out, but shout out to Shannon Sharp and his brother both.

3 (22m 2s):
This is the first time ever breaking history. Both brothers are in the Hall of Fame now. Yeah. Wow. So that was, this is the first time that there are brothers inducted into the Hall of Fame. Fame Hall of Fame. Yes. Really? Yes. History. Okay. Was made. Wow. Congratulations to the Sharp Brothers in the Sharp family. And that was nice to be there to witness it and hear his words from both of them. Yeah. You know, it was emotional. It was emotional. I emotional to hear how Shannon felt, you know, about having his brother there. You know, basically saying if it wasn't for his brother, he probably wouldn't be where he is. And he speak highly about him. Like every time you hear him talk about his brother, it's like, yeah, it's amazing. Like, dang, I wish I had like a sibling that I could speak highly like that about.

3 (22m 44s):
But that's, that was a blessing. So shout out to the Sharp Brothers. Both are, yes. Congratulations family. Everything. Yeah. You both. Absolutely. Congratulations. Who y'all think next? Oh brother. Thought Wheeler. I know. That's right. Speak sister. They next. I think next it probably would be the Manning Brothers. Okay. So they bring in Eli next. I don't know, I'm just assuming I the dad is too. Is Archie in the Hall of Fame? So the fact that it'd be a father son and another son. And the father son probably would be Dion and, and his son. Yeah. Huh? Shado. Shado. Shado. Yeah. Okay. Well we shall see TV continued.

3 (23m 26s):
So Bourbon Street was popping. They did close off the streets so the fans can roam the streets and really take in that essence of the French culture. Yeah. The Mardi Gar beads. The slushies on the street. Time on the slushies. I mean, just to just go around and see, you know what, I wanna say this, shout out to the city of New Orleans. Yes. You guys did a great job of hosting this year and accommodating everybody and making everything centrally located. Right. Wouldn't you guys say police officers, air Force? There was security, there was police on like every corner. Correct. Every block.

3 (24m 5s):
I felt so safe. Very safe. And just, and they were very helpful too. We, a few times we were lost and we, we would ask like the National Guard. Yes. And they would be like, come on, you know, we'll show you where to go. They walked us. Yes they did. Down restaurant. So shout out to the National Guard. But yes. Holding it down and just that southern hospitality. Yeah. From these handsome brothers that were out there and just really, you seen something you like, like, you know, baby I was, I I did and didn't, you know what I'm saying? But just overall, everybody was just very warm. We were walking into a store and the ladies are turning up. Yes. They having a good time. They had us dancing in a vibe like giving us different slush tr taste.

3 (24m 47s):
Taste of the slushies. Yes. That was a good little vibe. Very accommodating to us. Just, it made me feel like I was back at home. 'cause I'm like, this is how like the southern hospitality, this how this is how it is back at home. Everybody's speaking to everybody. There ain't nobody that you san Yep. It's like, it's like family. Yes. I just feel like they, new Orleans did a great job and the weather was very fair to us. It was warmer than we thought. Yep. You wake up and you see this fog that just kind of is part of New Orleans and these, these weeping willow trees hanging over and just the architecture was insane. The jazz culture, just the vibrancy, you know, it's just, it was fun.

3 (25m 28s):
It was good. It was a good city. A good Super Bowl for sure. It was. It was. So shout out again to the mayor as well as the state. Thank you for accommodating all of us. Thank you. Yes. Okay guys, it's time for Hot Girl. Headlines. My favorite part of the show. So during the Super Bowl, I don't know if y'all guys noticed, but Taylor Swift was showing on camera and they booed her. I see it. I seen it. And she was looking at ice, ice, ice. Yeah. Ice, ice Space was looking like they boo you girl. Not, not me. Yeah. But it's funny 'cause I'm sure she just brushed that on off. I mean, it's Taylor Swift.

3 (26m 9s):
Like have she ever been booed? That's that probably was her first thing ever been? No. I mean Philly is known for like, to be a little Ha ha. Why would they picture? Because, because they big haters. Because because it was predominantly Eagle fans in the, in the, in the fan. Okay. So she just getting that, well that treatment, you getting the row, she is there from Kansas City. So the Eagle's, like, you get the Rowdies fan. The Eagles are known to be rowdy in your face and very boisterous. Okay. Okay. And then you have Kansas City is known to be the loudest stadium and the loudest fans. Oh really? In the NFL. I didn't know that. So the mixture of both of them is a, is a combination that the NFL just like appreciates like it was saying.

3 (26m 54s):
But I heard that he was supposed to propose to her too. I mean, what we don't know. Yeah, that's, we don't, they were saying, well they could be married for a week. Fans maybe wanted him to propose. I wouldn't, that's happening. Wishful thinking. I don't know. I don't think that's happening. I wouldn't, I wouldn't do it there. That's, that's for sure. He got, and then they said he got his hair implants done. I saw a meme. He should, they were saying he should have been rehearsing and practicing instead of getting his hair lying fixed. But now he has a whole full head of hair. Did y'all see that? I did see that, but yeah, I know. Yeah. You need to do a little Pantene commercial or something now. Don't, it's big, big haters just because Taylor has definitely brought a influx of fans. I saw many little girls they have Yeah. In a Kelsey jersey with their little skirts that all their beads and shows.

3 (27m 38s):
So you found out how they're doing too. 'cause they show her in commercials and stuff. You know, they put her on camera. I forgot the statistics, but last year when she started coming to the games, it showed like a big jumps and in the jersey and the purchase. Yeah. Yeah. So, okay, shout out to Taylor. So also in attendance, Jay-Z was there with Blue Ivy and Rumi. So cute. Cute. So it cute. So cute. Yeah. Daddy daycare, he does that. He's, he's known to bring them to the, and Blue Ivy is his twin. Oh my goodness. He's getting so big. She's tall. Beautiful. He's so beautiful. Nice young lady. Y Beyonce was not there because we know she's probably, you know, rehearsing for the Cowboy Carter tour.

3 (28m 20s):
We're going, we're gonna be there. Yes. So you come, let be there. Paris. Listen. But Pearl L, where we going? We going in Paris. Girl. Okay. Well wee wee we. Yes. Aunt Shante. Yeah. Manis. Oh man. Well we won't be Menis, but it's a three. Lemme rephrase that in. In Yeah. Wewe. Let's, we cannot wait for that. And so also we had Doci and Lady Gaga we're seeing, taking pictures in their suite for the Super Bowl. And Doce just won a Grammy for best rap album. And she is literally the third female to win the support behind Martin Hill and Cardi B.

3 (29m 5s):
So shout out to Yes. And she's a Tampa native. She's a Tampa native. She gave a big shout out during her speech to Tampa. I say shout out to Lady Gaga. I meant Doci girl. We love lady. But this is DCI's time. It is. Oh yeah. I love her Tampa. She, she gave a big shout out to Tampa during her speech. Her her saw observational hear during her speech. It was very touching. She seemed just very humble, very grateful. So she's our humble batty of the week. Shout out to shout out Doci. You get the home boy girl. Yes. I'm a fan.

3 (29m 45s):
So we love Doce. Maybe we could get a lady Gaga and Doce collab maybe for Super Bowl one year. Oh, oh, okay. You just throwing it out there into existence. We speaking into existence for you. Doce. All the best. Wait before we close it, did y'all see the, the scrimmage? Tiana Taylor was out there killing it. I was there. She was sat there and she almost shook one the flag was bodying. She had to her. She had a little jersey into of cor that. Yeah. This is the celebrity football flag football game that took place. Yes. Saturday night. And it was so much fun. It was filled with so many influencers. You had, I mean, hi everyone lot you had, we need to be in the next, we need to the next because these common buddies right here can play.

3 (30m 33s):
Yeah, he, Heather Taylor shook it up. Jordan Child, like it was, everybody was us. It was a fun time. Shout out to Kiaa and Michael Vick. Michael Vick was one of the quarterbacks against Cam Newton for the black team. So listen Mike, I was able to, a few on the next one. We trying to place a little scrimmage. So you, were they playing tackle or was it no flag? Oh. 'cause I and P tackle T was, yeah, tell lemme show you about P killing it. She crept coming over trying to like, coach took me out. She was playing defense. She was playing offense. She was ready. She was tt custom. The type person that you want you gonna pick first. She ain't the last one. Like, girl, come over here because your ass athletic just out there tackling and it was not tackle football.

3 (31m 17s):
I love that. I lovet shout out to T and I'm wearing her shoes. Yeah, by the way. So shout out to Tiana. But yeah, I'm serious about, we need to play the next one. Are y'all avoiding that question? No, I'm down to play. Come on now. You already know I'm athletic. I ball every day. I got two foot in my house. So we records. It's a whole bunch of athleticism. Athleticism over here. Yeah. But we do got the WNBA All Star that's coming up in summertime. Yeah. That comes into something. Okay. If y'all looking for somebody to don't, I can block, I can cross over, I can shake, I can do whatever I, I'm a two, I'm a one. Whatever be I'm a three. I make it happen. So I mean my mind, my scoring record was just broken back in my high school.

3 (32m 0s):
So I'm just Well we need you to dunk. I can't dunk. I can't dunk. My daughter is working on that. But, so if y'all need some people, y'all hit up the homo addicts. Yeah, we got, listen, I got got videos of me crossing people up in heels and everything. I might have to play that again. Alright. All right.

0 (32m 18s):
This is it. Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience.

0 (32m 58s):
Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.

1 (33m 18s):
Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.

7 (33m 49s):
Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com

9 (34m 23s):
With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun in sand in a tropical paradise. Cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach finder. Or find a feature all inclusive package to re you the grill and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.

3 (34m 57s):
Alright, you guys, you know what time it is. Oh, what time is it? It's time for real's. Red flag. Oh, Danielle, hot flag. We need to get you some green flags. Well, well we gonna determine if it's a red flag or a green flag. Okay. So I'm a I'm gonna give you guys some scenarios. Okay? And y'all tell me perfect red flag or green flag or haul ass. Okay. The first one, he never plans a date but always wants to chill at your place. It's already giving. Is that it? I'm listening up. I'm trying to listen. Is that it? Yeah. Oh shit. Red flag. Okay. I mean, unless he is watching wax or riches on Netflix, then maybe we, we got some else to talk about.

3 (35m 40s):
So he No red flag. Red flag. We gotta be outside. Flag is at your place. First of all, he don't got no house. Oh, it's giving he staying with his mama in the basement. Exactly. That's what it sound like. It's giving you don't got no house. No thank you. And it takes prep, you know, to be at your own space. Clean up, get ready for that. Get the mood right. Yeah. No, yeah, that's, yeah. No, he trying to come over there, eat, sleep and shit. Yeah, I know. Red flag. Red flag. No, that's a haul ass. The next one you've been dating for months but he hasn't introduced you to any of his friends or family. Yellow flag. That's one of the options. You can make it 'cause I made hall ass.

3 (36m 20s):
Yeah. Yellow flag. I mean, I feel like it depends because some people, if he lets you know, like his intentions in the beginning, maybe he's, he told you he's moving slow, he not looking. I learned that at the serious. Yeah. Everybody don't need to meet your family, everybody. Exactly. That's true. Exactly. So I agree with that. Ash. I don't think that's a, you know, a bad thing, but it just depends. Make sure what y'all want is aligned. If he, in the beginning, if he told you like, you know, this is how I'm moving, then I play green flag. But if it's like you haven't dis disclosed anything, then you, what you got over there, what you got going on over there. I definitely would say red flag instead of haul ass. And I like your yellow. So we maybe we gonna implement that. But I would say red flag just because I wouldn't want my children to meet someone, for example.

3 (37m 5s):
So like, I would include that as family. So it takes time to really understand about trust and also about just really who you are letting in your space. So I wouldn't be a haul ass yet. I feel like it does take a lot more investment in the relationship before you introduce him to family. That definitely That's true. Yeah, that's true. He's great in person. Okay. But he's dry and he's a distant and he's very distant over text. I don't see a problem with that. I mean, I feel like if he's good in person, that's good enough. I mean, a text to me. 'cause people, some people are the opposite. They're better in text, but in person they dry and that fucking sucks. Yeah.

3 (37m 45s):
I would say green flag too, because I like in person. Person. Exactly. Same here. I prefer, I prefer in person. I feel like we're old school. We like the, we like the chase, we like intention, we like time being spent and yeah. So yeah. Yeah. I'd rather that over tech. I like to check in in tech, you know, if it's quick because we can't always just be on the phone or always in person, but I don't wanna, I, I don't want that to be the form of communication. Mm, true. Yeah. Okay. Your friend always disappears when you're going through tough times, but expects you to be there for her. Mm mm Been there. I feel like I'm that friend that is always pouring into everybody.

3 (38m 27s):
But then when it's time for me to be poured into it's like a ghost town, really. I do. Yeah. Just because I think, I think I try to handle things on my own too, you know, so I think it's partly on me, you know what I mean? Yeah. But I've definitely poured into a lot of people, you know what I mean? So I, I feel like Reciproc feel, I poured into friends, but not enough because I'm so busy. So I wouldn't call it a red flag because I know like, I have so much going on. But if my friend like really, really, really, really, and they like Shire, I need you, but they hate asking me for my help work because they know how busy I am.

3 (39m 9s):
But like, I consider a red, red flag. But I know those are things that I had to sit back and, and look at because I do have friends that express like, Hey, Sharelle, like I really need you. And it could, it, it has caused some friendships. And we were on the, the thin line of, I was on the thin line of losing friendships. So it is just, I had to pull back and be like, you know, you gotta take time out. Put your, your busyness away and take time out for your friends. So I've been a victim of, you know, not being there when my friends were going through things, but it wasn't intentional. Understand, I think with friendships, everybody is gonna feel that at some point. Like everybody's gonna feel like somebody could have been there for you more or you could have been there for somebody more.

3 (39m 52s):
I agree. You know, because life be life in and we all be going through stuff and I have just learned to just, you gotta meet people where they're at and you know, I don't hold it against people anymore. I feel like when you expect a lot or expect something from somebody, it just sets yourself up for disappointment. So I take what I can from my friends and, you know, I might can get something from you that I can't get from you and I might can get something from you that I can't get from you. So I, I just try to, you know, fill my cup with everybody that God puts in my life. You know what I mean? Mean That's right. And get what I can from who I need. And a lot of times if I still feel like I'm lacking, then I feel like I should just like, pray about it, go to the Lord.

3 (40m 37s):
Because I'm probably looking in the wrong spots anyway for, for things that I need. So I don't, I, I wouldn't say like it's a red flag. Like, you know, everybody feels that way and I think that that's normal and that's human. Right. And I think that's my biggest thing. 'cause I ran into situations, like after things have happened and we talked about things, I need to learn how to be more soft. My biggest thing is my friends are, I wouldn't say afraid, but they don't like to come to me because I show too much tough love. And I'm trying to work on like, just softening myself and just being more soft and I agree and come off more.

3 (41m 18s):
I'm working on it. Lex, you are though, being around you ladies. It's hard. You are. It's hard. Like, but I can't, you see, and I do hear my friends out and I hear when y'all say like, you know, you're delivering it is too strong. So that's what I'm working on as a friend, as, as a mom, as a, a future wife. We are off work in progress, come off and worked off. We're, we're all that. That's very humble, batty of you. Sharelle. Thank you. I'm not a mean girl. That ain't you. No, but sir. Oh, some real stuff. That, that is something that I'm truly working on as a person. I agree. All right you guys, that is enough of real red flags. If you all have any red flag scenarios questions, reach out to us on social media or visit our website.

3 (42m 4s):
You can always reach out to us by going to www dot Humble Baddies dot com. Thank you rel for your red flag scenarios. What y'all think those were? Good. Good. It's nice and juicy. They, right now it's time for Humble Baddies Mail. Ooh, who we got? We have Michelle from Salt Lake City, Utah. Hey Michelle. It's just there. Hey, Humble Baddies. I love the podcast and plan to watch the Netflix show soon. I need some advice. My fiance and I are disagreeing about finances.

3 (42m 44s):
We're planning to buy a house, but I have no idea where his money goes. So I just suggested we share a bank account. He got really defensive. Do you think couples should share finances, have access to each other's accounts, or keep everything separate? Would love to hear your thoughts ladies, what are your thoughts on this? Let's help Miss Michelle out. Hey Michelle. Girl. Hey Michelle. Boo. So is, did you say that this was her boyfriend fiance? She said fiance. Hmm. Yeah. Well I feel like for this to be your fiance, you guys should have kind of already been aligned in what your plans were as far as buying a house and your finances.

3 (43m 33s):
So since you don't know, you need to get on that asap. Y'all both need to sit down and have a conversation and you know, really make sure that you know what you guys have planned for your financials. It's just a little scary that y'all are already like, engaged and you don't know that because finances are a big part of a relationship and can really like, you know, make or make or break. Make or break Yeah, exactly your situation. So I would say, before y'all even get to talking about a house, y'all need to have a conversation about how you guys go about handling your financial situation. Mm. Like, are you guys gonna share a bank account?

3 (44m 15s):
Why is he so, you know, why did he get upset about even wanting to dis discuss it and you know, sharing your accounts. Yeah. You know, what is that all about? So I think there's some things that y'all need to tackle before y'all even start talking about buying a house together. I, I feel like, and I agree with you, Ashley definitely discussed finances is a big topic and it can make or break a relationship. It's hard to answer that question in, in your scenario because is it, is he given a problem where he can't put money down, like are tho that was not discussed. So if he's not responsible with his money, then yes, that's when you should be questioning where his money goes.

3 (45m 1s):
But if he's responsible for his money, that at the end of the day that's his money. Some people don't like sharing bank accounts. Some people just, okay, this is my responsibility, this is what I'm gonna take care of. This is your responsibility, this is what you're gonna take care of. But if it comes to a point where he feels where you feel like where y'all, he's not meeting his end of the, the bargain or whatever, then yeah, then I would question it and, and go in like, what, what the hell is going on? But with my situation when I was, you know, when Chad and I was together, hell, I still got access to, to his accounts or whatever because I still help.

3 (45m 41s):
He's busy. I help him pay accounts. But, and it's a trusting too, right? Yes. But I think it's something like Ashley said, you guys, this is something in the beginning of y'all relationship that y'all should discuss. I feel transparency is key. I mean, the number one reason for divorce is finances still to this day. And it has been for years. And you are bringing in two different incomes. You're merging two lives. You have to agree or disagree, but you have to agree on some sort of transparency, whatever that could be, and come to a conclusion of this is what we need to do. Maybe it's a joint account and you still have separate accounts, but if maybe for the HA household account or just something like that, I just feel like you have to be honest and open about both of you guys' situations.

3 (46m 27s):
Because when it is time to buy a home, y'all know this. It is the biggest purchase of your life, the most offensive, one of the Right. One of the biggest purchase. So it's like this is a, that's a commitment, right? Sometimes it's a 30 year commitment. It's, and you never know what can happen with you. You never know. So it definitely needs to be transparency on all those lines. Yeah. How do y'all feel about buying a house with somebody that's not your spouse? I never did it, but would you Wow. If I see, well, it's hard for me because I'm gonna take advantage of that VA loan every time. Yeah. So you, well for me, you would have to, I would have to be married to that person.

3 (47m 9s):
Okay. Unless it's investment properties that we're going out there. I'm big on, you know, going business deals, but I'm talking about purchasing your home with somebody that's not your spouse. That's kind of hard. That's tough. That's a big purchase. Yeah. But if you're, yeah, that's a huge purchase. I would say if you're like say it's a second spot, like if I have my primary, I would be willing to do a secondary, not a primary, but it would if I did that, we would have to get a lot of stuff in writing before. Yeah, exactly. Just it has to be a contractual agreement. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Because they can up and leave anytime. And if you don't have nothing in place, it's like, you know you're reliable just as much as they are.

3 (47m 52s):
Yeah, I agree with that For it just as much as they are. So that's a great question. I just wanna hear your ladies' thoughts. Yes, thanks Michelle for your question. Thank you. Michelle with Salt Lake City and you said you were gonna tune into wax to riches, don't wait. And then now yes. Get your hot coffee girl. 'cause I know it's cold over there. Get you some hot cocoa and curl up by the fireplace and tune in the wax to riches. Absolutely. Yes. Yes. Well ladies, this concludes our episode, our Super Bowl episode. Yes. Good. I just wanna tell everybody, thank you so much for tuning into Humble Baddies podcast. You can find us on YouTube, make sure you click and subscribe and follow up with the latest details, some information, and just really tap in with us.

3 (48m 40s):
Ladies and gents, we appreciate you guys for watching. Yes. And don't forget, in in honor of Black History Month, we're giving back to the community with a $2,500 small business giveaway. Yes. If you're a small business owner and you feel like you qualify, make sure you send in your business details. We are selecting a winner February 21st. But also remember, you have to be subscribed to Humble Baddies podcast on YouTube in order to win. So if you're not subscribed, we will be checking. You will not win. $2,500 can go a long way. Yes it can. Yes. And it's only going to one lucky winner ly.

3 (49m 22s):
We're so passionate about supporting and uplifting our community and we can't wait to make a difference. So you guys make sure you take advantage of this opportunity. And once again, thank you for watching and subscribing to the Humble Baddies Podcast. We'll see you next time. Yes. Bye.

1 (49m 49s):
Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.

11 (50m 19s):
Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh. For everyone

12 (50m 49s):
Tired of the winter cold. Don't worry. Spring break season is right around the corner and at cheap Caribbean vacations, it doesn't matter if you're traveling as a family or going on an adults only getaway. They have beach deals for all types of all-inclusive vacations. Just book your spring break travel in March or April to unlock an extra $250 off your package price. This offer is valid through February 27th on vacation packages of four nights or more. Don't wait. Book now@cheapcaribbean.com. The New

9 (51m 19s):
Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and Toms of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy.

9 (51m 59s):
That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.