(0s):
Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.

(31s):
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.

(1m 1s):
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.

(2m 2s):
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(2m 41s):
The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Saturday night. There's a lot going on. Lakers boxing. There's a lot going on in the world right now, but I want to thank you for tuning in tonight's show. I want to thank you before we even get started. You can see I'm already on one. Yeah, I'm feeling good. I'm high. Shit baby got got taxes. I'm be we'll get ahead in a minute. Don't even hit the like button for you boy. Real talk. Go on ahead and make sure you subscribe. You over here now. Don't ahead and subscribe. Don't be sitting around. I'm just gonna wait and see. No, the nickle don't subscribe and when you do, keep your notification turned on for your boy.

(3m 24s):
I'm gonna give y'all about five seconds to come on and get ready. Just settle down, get ready to go. I know my smokers, y'all enrolled up. I know my people who do powder. I know they got, y'all got powder every damn well. But let's talk about these Lakers beating up on Ju. That's what I wanna talk about tonight. I told y'all what the Lakers don't do now. Fam you tripping. You too emotional. They ain't got nobody for joker Never. You see what we did the Joker tonight? Did you see the defense we displayed tonight? Damn, ain't no easy throwing the ball down. No, no. I'm gonna get it in front of you. I'm gonna put my hands out. We gonna play the past leg. We gonna make it hard for Joker to eat.

(4m 9s):
Yeah, I know y'all sitting around waiting man. What the lake is gonna do? Did y'all see Ro city Luca tonight? Did you see Ferro City taco? Eat that local night. Gimme 30 and that bad motherfucker ain't even in shape yet. That's a polar bird running up and down that court. What you go, what you think that polar bird gonna do when he start eating seals? Because them number penguin Nuggets tonight. What going do when he start eating seals doing what LeBron do and throw it. Gimme a two five sir. Ru say hold on, lemme give you at two three and y'all coming through in the club.

(4m 52s):
What you gonna do with these badass Lakers? Oh y'all think I'm getting up here hooping and hollering for nothing Now I been trying to tell you more fo JJ Redick was a better coach than do ham. I love your brother but I'm glad you gone see you didn't know how to play Joker. You straight up bullshit. JJ Red ain't been coaching 39 damn days then already showed you a blueprint. How we going beat them Damn Knucks. We gonna spread the flow just like you spreading your old legs tonight. Come here, we gonna spread the flow. You want double LeBron? You want a double local? I'm gonna kick it out the ar I'm gonna kick it out the ru and if they consistent they they will continue to kick ass like they kick ass tonight.

(5m 38s):
Do we steal a nigga big man? Absolutely. We still need a big man. We still need to go out and get Jve McGee, Dwight house. I I, I go get somebody else to help haze out in that paint. But the Lakers got something special y'all brewing right now. I know it's just one game but the Denver Nuggets just won nine games in a row. Don't let these people get on here and fool you. It's just one game. We only had nine turnovers night. Them boys had 23. It's some goddamn defense being paid now all I kept hearing was from former players. My boy team Mac, I love you and my boy Stack five. They ain't got no defense. You a damn lie.

(6m 20s):
You see the way LeBron hustling, they got Luca playing defense do you saying they got Luca playing defense. He done ball in and they gonna change Luca routine. I found out normally Luca wake up in the morning and walk his fat ass to that three. Not no damn mo. When Luca wake up we wake up smoking now nigga ain't no more going. That goddamn fridge getting there Turkey bacon. We smoking big now before we eat anything and we gonna burn them calories off too. Well how Luca burning no calories off though? Them straight up corn stores up there. LA ain't got too much of nothing right now do on wifi.

(7m 1s):
But they still got weed wifi and pulling stars. The one who helped the left. That's that's overage though. Y'all don't wanna talk about that. Who helped you pedophile Come here. I'm gonna talk about it. There ain't no secrets, there ain't no stone left unturned on this bubble do show we going talk about it. We're gonna talk about what candidate God we gonna talk about Who hustle back to the game though. We knocked the sauce off them damn niggas man I need y'all to get in the come this section right now and apologize to me. We got some special in la. Oh we got some special brew in LA right now and I like the way they move the ball. They move the ball, move the ball.

(7m 42s):
Ruy hit down his three hit four. I start as I first, I started in five, ended up with 13 threes tonight. That is one by LeBron, four by Ruy, four by arm Luca and four by ar. That's that that that's awesome. That is awesome. JJ re challenge generic call that. That's close. We challenging them. We warm. We have our hands out playing passion lane. Lemme tell you something that that ain't gonna show up on the stat sheet tonight. Vanderbilt, when he got in the game y'all he started pressing 90 foot pressing, getting steals, getting in the joke or body telling y'all something right now man. And I know it's a, it just a small sample of what we been seen so fuck Luca ain't even in shape yet.

(8m 23s):
He ain't even the Luca that that last year Luca. He ain't there right now. Everybody can see that all but the potential, all the potential is there and I'm loving the swag they got. They could put bro on the bench for about three or four minutes. Let him get rested up. God damnit when he come back in, God dammit it Oh LeBron James is one of them John Deer tractors that's going run forever and ever and ever, ever. God damnit talk to me now Ia. Talk to y'all parents for a minute. Telling your child to go to go sit down is not real punishment white folks. Telling little Johnny to sit down, ain't no goddamn punishment.

(9m 4s):
You gonna know what punishment was for me. Come here Bow, bow, bow got this real punch. You can't do it to these kid, you be in jail. But back in my day my mama put this belt across my goddamn back anyway. She swung it. What? Be laying God damnit if who I got hit hit sit down. Don't do that bow put something on the ass. That's what you gotta do. Put something on the head When we girl how little we she talking to the little target motherfucker son. Huh? Sit down. Sit down man Man sit man man. And he's jumping bow ting right in this motherfucking ear bow nigga, how can you do to my baby?

(9m 46s):
Nothing yet. Nothing yet. Go get some law and order with these kids. All that talking back, all that shit dead with me. I come over your house kids. I'm pull off my belt. Uncle do Woo some ass in him. Oh yeah we gonna get law in order back into our homes again. We gonna start loving again. You whole gonna stop making rot. Tail dip. You going to get in there fry some salmon with some goddamn rice on homemade biscuits from scratch. Borrow on top. Come here. You all gonna learn and cook again. You all gonna start back loving again too. God damnit. I'm getting on in my house right now tonight.

(10m 27s):
Do you hear me? Baby gun got her taxes get you eating ass tonight. Yeah come here eating ass. I got my black man mask too. I'm eating as tonight all night. No why? Because I want them four GI baby I'm not playing no game in that bedroom. Shit. Your kids already sleep When I go in that motherfucking room, I'm coming in there like a goddamn Navy Seal. Yeah I'm I'm I'm out. I'm I'm dressed in all black. You see it take the chain off. You ain't gonna be see number D pearl whites come you damn. I'm like leave a seal on that motherfucker. I already got a greased up like a glazed donor and now God not going up. I'm gonna attack you ain't never been giving it to me like this because you ain't been having no $10,000.

(11m 14s):
You apprised tonight. God damnit I'm gonna get off. Enjoy yourself sometime. Show out taxis. I'm opening doors, I'm going to church. I'm helping kids with homework and I'm eating ass. We yes saw she can't get enough of your boy real talk. I'm walking around with shit in my mouth. I don't give a damn I me riding around no four jido. I bet you here I bet you I shine like a dime. I'm gonna shine like a diamond tonight. I got grieved up sign up. Yeah I see a donut from God Krispy Kreme in there right now waiting on your boy. She no motherfucker coming there and give her this one inch hamster. I damn right. Right. I'm that goddamn ster.

(11m 54s):
There was another professor that there were goddamn doing lab study on. That's you ain't nothing, nothing quick tonight. No, no ma'am. I'll not, no I'm talking to, I'm gonna talk her through it tonight. I'm like uncle, I'm like Sammy Sharp, I'm talking to her. Yeah you gonna take this one as stance? Yeah come here yo. You feel my, I ain't got no muscle but shit. Feel my elbow right there. Right there. Feel that bone right there. Hard. I ain't just like this meet you get hell. That's what we doing tonight. Real talk. It's a hell of a night Went on tonight. Boxing went on tonight? Yeah. Shakur Stevenson done knocked out a Dr.

(12m 35s):
Pepper driver. I don't wanna hear a motherfucker thing. He's knocked out a Dr. Pepper driver and Dr. Pepper done called me and told me they gotta change they work policy at the workforce. That's what they told me. Now I ain't gonna lie. Shakur did his thing. It ain't his fault that he had to fight whoever he had to fight that. The dude he was fighting Floyd Short, he count on him so they had to throw a Dr. Pepper driver in. He ain't known he was going to fight for four days. But I'm gonna just be real. I'm making fun, I'm being funny But Shakur did what he had to do. He put hands on old boy body shots after body shots after the body shot but that Dr. Pepper driver went nine rounds. What you found, you could come over here and say whatever you motherfucker wanna say. But that man went nine rounds with a Dr.

(13m 17s):
Pepper driver and y'all keep talking about why you didn't nasty him with Tank. He fuck with Tank and just my opinion until he showed me otherwise he better stay away from him. What your what Your mama always tell you a hardhead or what? Do what? Make a so bad. Y'all don't need to tell me y'all want in the ring table that tell me y'all don't give a damn about that man's safety. Y'all don't care about Shas safety. Y'all just wanna see a knockout. Y'all wrong. Y'all getting wrong and y'all know it and you know it ain't no way that man supposed to go down round with Shakur. Ain't no goddamn way. Buzz Crawford. I love you to death.

(13m 58s):
I know that's your boy Stevenson. You going to take off for him but you saying Shakur can can and can you a motherfucking lie.

(14m 6s):
It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment. But a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chupa Casino. No purchase Necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.

(14m 36s):
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.

(15m 37s):
The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. So we asked kids what do you want your parents to hear? I feel sometimes that I'm now listened to. I would just want you to listen to me more often and evaluate situations with me and lead me towards success. Listening is a form of love. Find resources to help you support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Dot org that's sounded out together. Dot org Brought to you by the ad council and pivotal

(16m 7s):
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(16m 50s):
And you know I don't mind telling you that either told you that SP was gonna whoop your ass. I wrong on that one. Boy you like you knocked the retirement guy Spence. But we talking about two different things right here. Go because I don't think your boy gonna be able to take too many of these motherfucking punches from Tank. Now if he do, I get right on this show and apologize. I'm just telling from what I seen. But I don't wanna downplay nothing Sha did tonight. He's a champion for a reason and he deserve a title Fight against Tank and whoever is give him that chance and y'all go egg like two men. I'm being real now. All the jokes aside, I wanna see Sha Secure and Tank get in the ring and God damnit get it on just for y'all could shut y'all motherfucking mouth about him.

(17m 30s):
Who he fighting. Y'all talk that hot shit first by Garcia Taco. Eat now. Come here God damnit. Take a knee no more. No one of us this boxing shit real y'all I'm not happening and joking and shit. But don't, don't think for one minute I can get in the ring with Sha Secure now. Shit secure. Knock my ass out. Pillow hands Bri hands. I don't give a damn. I know I can't whoop him. He a champion for a reason. I'm gonna give him his just due. I'm gonna give him respect. But what, what we not gonna do is be up on these CDL drivers. That's not what we're going to do. That boy been driving them down trucks up and down the road for the last two weeks tied been dealing with DOT and then god damn folk four days he gotta go out here and fight.

(18m 14s):
Sha Secure it ain't foul. That's why they paid him all that money because that that wasn't right. That man wasn't supposed to be fighting no damn nine round with no secure Stevenson. He wasn't. But shout out to Sha Secure for win tank fight. Fight next week against Lamont Roach up there in Brooklyn. Barclay Center. Yeah Tune in Gonna be a good fight tune in Real talk now my other homeboy fought tonight more. What's his name? B Chloey from the Congo got the goddamn high end meat knocked out of him. Nigga you, he just found out 48 hours ago he was gonna fight. Now you come on man. I look, I don't know how much money that gave bro.

(18m 56s):
I know you believe in your abilities what you can do. But Justin Parker wasn't playing with you boy that boy knocked the hand ain me out your hand Bow didn't fo yet. Three seconds later the punch took effect and that motherfucker started jumping up and down. I thought he had epilepsy. I ain't lying. I I I called 9 1 1 and I wasn't even there. God, that's how hard he hit him right here. Now I say ooh shit what boy gonna nigga to fill a leg or something to go out there and wake him up. I'm tell you y'all boxing is a brutal of sport y'all. I know we sit on here as fans, we talk shit about such and such moving around not getting hit. That's the name. The sport not getting hit. But this city is serious bro. Like you, you, you gotta respect these boxers bro.

(19m 36s):
Like I on the outside looking in, you like man I can get in there with a boy sick motherfucker training. I'm talking about real training and I respect Boxer. I don't give a damn, he ain't never won a fight. I respect what they do 'cause I know I can't do it. Regular fights you can get out here right now and fight for a minute and two minutes. You tied down a motherfucker. Them guys right there fighting two and three minute rounds getting hit in the arms and head and still having an ability to still throw shit. Ain't no way, ain't no way. Y'all better wake up. So right now y'all tell me I fucker jump in the chat. Y'all tell me what y'all thought about the fight. What Sha Secure and and oh Josh Ley tonight. Let's be honest.

(20m 16s):
Be real with yourself. Don't get in here talking down. Be real. What do you actually think about this fight tonight for Sha Secure? Because he wasn't boring the night he wasn't Bo he was exciting the night put motherfucker on his knees three or four times. It was exciting night. Now whether it was just a truck driver or electrician, I, I don't know. That's what they say. Three men you sha secure. They say oh boy was a a a was a bass fisherman. I don't know goddamn. I dunno. Y'all tell me what y'all think. I'm just telling y'all like from what I see and damn so talk to me. I'm in the chat. Chop it up. Tank gonna knock that I we gonna see, we gonna see at the end of the day. I know a lot of y'all were mad at me man.

(20m 56s):
Why you ain't talk to him about Sha Secur? Because I'm like bro I two different s two different styles man. And I just know I originally why I feel like Tank will win because I feel like Tank can walk through Shakur punches. I don't think Shakur can walk through tank punches. Tank don't give up so many punches just to land that right one and he going to land it and it's going and that's how he gonna land. It ain't no stopping this shit man at this level at this point he gonna seeing everything he can train with Floyd. He he can spar with the best of De Hangers now he gonna spar. He seen this shit before. That's all I'm saying. He seen this shit before. Just like I was telling y'all about Valentine's Day when your girl dressing up and you go in the room she, you done had that salty cat a million times.

(21m 41s):
You know that cat gonna run your blood pressure. No I no I don't want all that. No not tonight. Go get the whipped cream or something. Let's do something different man. Put some pickles out some shit. Let's do just spice it up. Yeah me wing from Popeyes sweet and sour eat out for you. Let's spice it up. Let's do something different. Let's all I'm seen we're done seen this shit time after time after time again. I don't wanna see it. I know y'all said that a while back Roy was going to get him. Motherfucker knocked the speech out. Rollie Roy ain't been the same since T knocked his ass out. He been getting knocked out and and Spawn. Roy ain't the same knock Garcia out what he do start taking tit god damn medicine just to be Devin.

(22m 28s):
We're gonna talk the truth. We gonna talk the truth. We ain't gonna just be up here just running our mind. We going to speak facts. That's all I'm saying. We going speak facts, we going to do that and that's what we doing right here tonight. Now let's talk about it there them nugget fans out. I don't give a damn about them Nuggets fans, they talk to all that shit. Y'all can't do nothing y'all shit. Y'all ain't saying that shit now y'all singing in a different tone. Somebody say go get some Polynesian songs. They gonna need to get something. They gonna need to get something in this mom. But I know and me talk to the men right quick while I got y'all attention to my old school in here right now. Fellas start taking your ass to the doctors.

(23m 10s):
You once sneeze away from being in that goddamn graveyard. I'm telling you fam take your mother getting ass to that doctor. All that baby goddamn nigga got 103 10th, two broke ribs hearing voices. His girl say baby you everything good? Yeah I'm all right. I'm just gonna sleep it off. Alright nigga you gonna around not wake up sleep everything off. You ain't strong as you used to be. No more chores. You ain't that strong no more chores. Take your As to the doctor and get checked out. We losing too many of us at 54, 59, 60 young age too many of us dying so early because we don't want to go to the doctor.

(23m 54s):
Go and get your rabbit ass checked out. Make sure you straight because you still 50 and 60 trying to still act like you're 30. Goddammit. I hear Drake King see I hear smoking, I hear popping these little old motherfucking pill tabs and shit and trying to hump some. I gonna get that goddamn master stroke. That's So you, you don't, you don't want that. Take care of yourself right now man. Health is wealth. I gonna give a damn if you gonna talk to on this little young motherfucker and she been telling you you can come through tonight but you ain't been feeling good God damn on you go over there. It could be your last night. Yep. You gone be nothing Came and went at the same damn time. Yeah on top of her it doesn't happen.

(24m 36s):
Happened to Richard Pry daddy. Yeah let that little young cat fool you or kill you. Oh that old, that mature cat shit that that mature cat got strength. See them old school women you ain't in the bed with them old school women. Them hoes like to talk to you. Oh my God. Ooh young man you still and I use 'em with that ti voice AI ain't I? It ain't going nowhere. I got stabbed no kids. Yep. I'm whispering in her ear. Yeah you like that. Ooh right there baby. Ooh right there. See right there get me like them when she talk back to me that that really turned me on.

(25m 17s):
I really want her to shut her motherfucking mouth 'cause she about to make me calm real quick. I need you to be quiet goddammit. You know what I'm saying now all that talk right there is my spot can only get up in there before you know it. It's over And just because I'm young that don't mean you getting around too shit. The night is young. Hell you say ain't no damn night tonight is over man I got to go, I got to get up outta now shit. Dov don't believe I'm doing all that laying up shit. Therefore I got to go, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go.

(25m 57s):
But y'all talk to me right now man. How y'all feeling tonight Man I'm feeling, I'm feeling real good man. Lakers won. It's been a long time since the Lakers beat Denver the way I want them to beat Denver. I feel like we no longer fear Denver from tonight. I feel like we got a little blueprint. It's still gonna be hard to beat them if we meet them in the playoffs 'cause that is, you know what I'm saying? That's a tough team. I can say what I wanna say but at the end of the day Denver won them teams at the end of the day so, but I do feel like if the Lakers can go and get a big man beef up a little bit they gonna be hell of beating the playoffs. I don't, I don't see OKC beating a team like the Lakers with LeBron over there still. He's still line, he still got his name.

(26m 37s):
He old but that local is the, is the young motherfucker line over there. You can see how LeBron gets Yeah go show on the show And that's all Lu need. He ain't show on it. Just your team lu take over do what you're supposed to do. And I love what I seen tonight. I love how AR did shy away. I love how Ru stepped up and made shot after shot after shot. And that's what you gotta do against a team like Denver get turnovers get out in in fast break and make 'em pay And that's what the Lakers did tonight. I love how JJ Reddit was, was was able to sub LeBron out keep Luca on the floor when they took Luca out had LeBron come back in and but I always had awesome res on the court to facilitate the offense as well.

(27m 23s):
Lakers got something special. Ain't no excuses this year. LeBron. You know I already need all the help. Nah, you got what you need Bru you got, you got, you got all you need over there. You just need to go out and just grab JaVale McGee somebody else to bring in over there and they gonna be all right. Yeah OKC. Yeah they still number one. I ain't gonna get say the lake can just beat them 'cause that's a young squad over there with Shay. With Shay. You got shit, you got Williams some over there. They got some young thoroughbreds over there with with the thunder. You still got the Nuggets over here. Who else in the west holding rockets? You know you can't sweep nothing on the road with the rockets. What they, what they, they what they got? So it the NBA right now is shaping up.

(28m 4s):
It's looking real good right now. I'm super excited. I just, I just know the potential what the Lakers can do. Like y'all really fucked up when y'all gave LeBron Lu. I'm being real. I know ad him a, he was doing his thing but y'all fucked up giving LeBron Luca now LeBron Luca left feeling himself pulling up from half court hitting threes right now. Driving to the court playing defense. He motivated he got something to prove right now y'all fucked up giving LeBron Luca, that's all I'm saying White boy on point right now I'm thinking I'm watching White man can't jump again. Goddamn damn right. I'm, I'm watching Sidney and Billy Ho over there shit. Y'all know that white walker Uhuh white man can't jump well bubble all the time of my, we ain't going to see, we ain't going to see never.

(28m 46s):
Billy said hold on. Just he had that fine as Rosie proof over there two same one two party head by the way come here. That's why I can't put me in no big kind of movies in them sex scenes shit. I'm really feeling this motherfucker too and my thing really getting hard like that too. That damn right. Shit Mr. Doug you can't be getting hard on shit. Say who? Shit make this shit real. I remember they used to show sex on tv don't show sex no more. It's all body paint and all that other shit. Nah nigga let's let's get down to it. You take your test, I'll take my test, my shit come back nigga your shit come back nigga.

(29m 27s):
God damnit we can get it on. Get that by my mama. Don't get damn wrong ain God damnit mama don't watch it. I'm in there getting off you getting off you. So don't make it seem like getting done bad God. When y'all were doing it. That's what I'm stand back old for. You slow down somewhere you ain't need be doing that. You were doing it. You were pooping that ass up daddy. You come to me nigga. Shit what mess I'm copying off the y'all. I'm following y'all footsteps. Y'all were fucking up. I'm gonna fuck off. That's all I'm saying.

(30m 11s):
I hope y'all enjoying this show tonight man. I love coming around and talking my shit And I know some of y'all be going through so much shit in life man. I wanna come around and talk shit. I want to cheer you up. I want, I want, I want you to smile because I know somebody watching this show right now. Yeah y'all love nigga Devil but after this show go off y'all fucking going Rob somebody. I'm trying to stop all that mentality of robbing and taking and stealing and shit. I'm trying to instill some love in your heart. Some laughter and joy in your heart. That's what I'm trying to do. I ain't trying to entice you to go out there and commit no crimes because we already know the sister Mr. Against us. So we got to be smart. How we do this shit these days. I just seen a brother just got out the penitentiary did 28 years. Ain't did nothing wrong man for murder.

(30m 52s):
They let him out. Let him out man. Realize he didn't do nothing man. Man done wasted 28 years falsely convicted. Come on man. Enough money in the world could make to to to bring back them years. You can get some money but you can't get the time back. Man had kids, kids grown in college now. Hell he, he a grandpa. Hell them kid kids. Y'all kids now full of mustaches and shit. So man let's, let's think better. Let's eat better man. Let's, let's get healthy man. You know what I'm saying? Let's start walking man. Let's, let's start talking and start instead of shooting, let's start talking to one another man. I don't I really, I normally putting that cow gun down and I'm going to talk this shit out.

(31m 35s):
We might even fight it out but we ain't gonna shoot it out though. That's what I'm ain't going to do 'cause I want you to wake up the next morning and you should want me to wake up the next morning. God damnit. Can't get no puss dead. Somebody else get me. I want you to live. I want you to get all the goddamn cats you can get go for you studs too. I want you to get all the cats you can get in this world. I want everybody watching my show. I want you to make all the money that you can make in the world. I I wish nothing but success, happiness and wealth and and health to everybody that's watching my motherfucking show. 'cause I don't want y'all to wish nothing bad on me at all. That's all I'm saying. I don't wanna be the only one shining. I want everybody to shine baby just like these pretty whites come here.

(32m 20s):
Be big goddamn domino teeth. I got these the best goding, best man I ever made in my life. Damn how big they is? Hey bitch I'm smiling be all that church on the front row smiling. Ain't God good. Ain't aint good. Won't do it Won. Yeah pastor. Yeah a couple Sundays. I wasn't put nothing in the plate. I was trying to get my teeth fixed. Yeah my pastor texted me. Sock it to my pocket. Never. I'm not socking shit to your pocket. I gotta pay these doctors D Dennis I can't even smile around you holding my shit with messed up.

(33m 6s):
Guess who smiling now Guess who in the family portrait now I'm ready for the camera now. You ain't gotta be on make me feel good. Y'all feel better than I ever felt my life just telling you some real shit. Personal shit that go on in my life. I feel better than I ever felt in my life. Y'all do You hear me? You know how that feel to finally feel alive. I know I done done some shit that y'all think that's amazing but that shit supposed to happen. I feel better than I ever feel in my life. That mean more than me than anything in the world. Money can't buy happiness baby. It can't.

(33m 47s):
That's why you see a lot of these rich motherfuckers throwing crazy. Not me. I'm gonna enjoy this shit. You going enjoy your shit. So if you got your taxes right now, goddammit ball out. It's yours. It's if you wanna go out here and buy some cat pie if you wanna go out here and buy one of them. Fake ass Frenchy dog pie Show money. How y'all feeling tonight though Man?

(34m 11s):
If you, you oughta be up right now man. You ought done play pic if you, because that's who this show being presented by Pride pic right there. Scan that bar code man. You bet. More or less on your favorite player. You put $5 in, they gonna give you 50. You put $5 in, they gonna give you 50.

(34m 27s):
Now I'm gonna tell y'all like I told you what the Lakers did tonight. They they, they flew in Ro City tacos. Anybody from Dallas, Texas they'll tell you Bureau City tacos, they got the best tacos in Dallas, Texas. That's what Luca was used to. When he used to go wake up in the morning, he would go to the mass facility. They had him 14 Crio city taco. He wouldn't do number eat his only cardio like I told you was walking to the fridge. That was it. He wasn't working out. He told the triangles that that that that legends don't have to work out. Role players work out. Legends don't work out. That's what he told the trainers. Now I'm just telling y'all from what I heard, they're my sources that legends don't have to work out and that's why he was ganging all they weight 'cause he wasn't doing them eating furious city taco.

(35m 14s):
So that what get him going. So Roblin had fear sick taco flew into Denver yesterday and now we see the resorts right now. Long as they keep giving real sick Taco Luca, them motherfucking Taco Lake goes real win. We gonna change that habit though. Oh yeah he wake up now he's smoking now. It ain't, it ain't, you know he, he love chicken don't get me wrong shit. They put a room out Black people love chicken. We do love chicken but white people love chicken too. Why you think them motherfuckers had us cooking them? Why? Because when they were cooking them there were blood left in that motherfucking chicken. And everybody know niggas don't eat chicken with blood. Never white people had us in that motherfucking cooking.

(35m 55s):
What we doing? Let me grab something of these spices. What them white people doing? They were watching taking notes, put this, they were copying that shit but it wouldn't taste like how Bertha shit were tasting so they threw in a bunch. Why be 'cause around the world come in the watch Bertha cook their goddamn chicken. Everybody know a black woman don't what don't want you in her motherfucking kitchen. Everybody know a black woman don't want you in her motherfucking kitchen but them white motherfucking be kitchen. They were trying to goddamn take every goddamn thing big Bert would. But, but Big Bertha was a big woman. You know she had that bacon bat right around her arms And she getting that mother and she find that motherfucker she, she tricked them normally she, she put the flour on the chicken and she'll put it in the grease.

(36m 42s):
But this time she had bugger milk This time she bathed them and bugger milk and dipped them in the oh oh my house to what happened. Steal asses black people, we ought shit don't never forget it. Never forget we started a lot of this shit. Don't let them people think we dumb. We very smart, very intelligent, very knowledgeable what's going on But also be smart enough to know we all can win together. Hell, how about that? We all can win together. This shit go hand in hand baby. Real talk. Yeah you might got milk but I got the honey. You put the milk and honey together.

(37m 23s):
Come on. Come on. How y'all feeling though man? I'm told y'all man. I'm in one of them zones right now man. I'm feeling good. What we got in the chat? I'm forget everybody's shout out any birthdays in the chat. Y'all talking me packing the bell got some good ass. Who? Oh you talking about oh okay I thought you were talking about them packing the bell pie. Never appreciate that Deun appreciate that. Them damn packing the bell pie trash and I ain't got nothing to get you packing. You get your motherfucking money but if you just wanna run and grab a pie as you going to an event and you think you gonna grab that Patty Lappe pie, you my league as motherfucker. What's it? That motherfucker ain't good at all.

(38m 4s):
And I know in real life packing the belle pie tastes better than that. That's all they saying. Just the water down version. I want the real version. Everybody know black people love sweet potato pie. You got motherfucker good. This motherfucker ain't got no sugar in it. No vanilla abstract or nothing. That mean it been tamper weed. Love my white people there but y'all can't goddamn bake sweet potato pie. Y'all baked apple pies and cherry pies and and blackberry pie. Y'all can't fuck with the sweet potatoes in the pecan pie. That ain't y'all ain't good at that. Stick to the od d'oeuvres and shit.

(38m 46s):
That's what y'all good at. Stick to making the fruit basket. Let us get in that goddamn kitchen and make the macaroni and cheese because we putting it in the oven now. Hell we change the whole recipe up on y'all asses. Oh boy. What we some of the best cooks in the motherfucking world boy y'all white people go in there and try to put on culinary shoes and cook Big Mama in there and some goddamn Crocs. Right now the motherfucker leaning over but them goddamn wings. Oh do you hear me? Them Lemon pepper, we big Mama cook. Oh make Rick Ross get on the tread meal nigga do you help me?

(39m 28s):
Hell you said what y'all want about Big Ross, big Rick, big, big Rose. That big motherfucker bawling. They a CEO. I don't give a damn what he a cop. I don't give a damn about none of that boy paid. What that Hey, hey what we doing right now? Suge Knight back on the scene talking about this shit Tupac 25, 30 years ago. Nigga I don't wanna hear that shit. You weren't talking nobody then I don't wanna hear that shit now. Big Su Brown they shot me nigga you got gray.

(40m 8s):
You let the greatest rapper in the earth get killed. Ain't no way Tupac supposed to run over there and steal off on nobody. Ain't no motherfucking weight got Tupac. Snoop fucking ain't off on Body.

(40m 26s):
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.

(41m 27s):
Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights speaking in public. The list of fears is endless, but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark, wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep. The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving. Eyes forward, don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council.

(41m 57s):
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(42m 40s):
Ain't no way y'all ain't no way. I'm Suge Knight. I'm letting Tupac get killed bro. We ain't doing that no more bro. Nah bro. We got it. I'm a throw $500 million empire over here out the mud. Yeah I stole Zy shit. Come here. Yeah I got Dre, I got Dre, I got mc. Oh what's his name? My boy from Dallas, I can't think of his name. He a bright guy. Erica bad. Duke got a baby by, can't think of his name. Boy I'm, I'm mad at myself because I can't think of his name. I'm see if y'all can know who I'm talking about. The guy from Dallas, he wrote for Snoop Dre, all them what's his name from Dallas, Texas. Got a doc. Doc Suge had doc Dr.

(43m 21s):
Dre. That's you right now. Eazy hits him in I excuse now. And you had Tupac. Ain't no way you fuck that off. Greed. Only way you can fuck that off. Greed man. Beef and unnecessary beef. Biggie got killed for no motherfucking reason. Y'all do. Y'all understand Big RIPA mama Why Biggie got killed for no motherfucking reason. Big ass beef man lost his life And who won the record labels us fans. We lost good music. We lost young talent. Like I keep telling y'all these music later they win and we lose every time. Why? 'cause we the one that's out here talking, man three Kendrick, they called.

(44m 5s):
We the one keeping the shit going. They the one getting all the money at the end of the day they don't give a damn. They want us to destroy ourself. We got to educate ourself and look and see what the fuck going on here. Every time me and you cuss each other out, beat each other up, they get more money. But I got a GG egg in the migraine over there. I can't sleep at night. Yeah. See where I'm going with this shit. We gotta be smarter. Appreciate that Olive brand band hip hop. I appreciate it. I said Fuel city nigga. I'm not saying full city, I'm saying Fuel city. I know what the hell I'm talking about. I used to live in Dallas. What you talking about? I'm not saying full city. I'm saying Fuel City tacos just sound like that man. Come on now man.

(44m 46s):
Know what the hell I'm talking about. Y'all don't know nothing about them. Fuel City tacos. I used to pull up solo dolo Eric pull up solo dolo. 28 bands in my pocket. I'm pulling up the funeral city taco number Love in Dallas, Texas. I swear to God man Love Dallas number Love man. Real niggas, real niggas don't bother you real niggas don't hate real niggas can congratulate real nigga. Watch you grind from the mud and go and get this money man. I know so many of these rap niggas can't even go through your cigarette right now and get nothing to scared. Won't even get out the motherfucking car. They won't even get out the car. They scared. I'm so old, old, old 20 vans worried about shit.

(45m 28s):
Got god with me. That's how you move when you got God, God with you baby. I ain't scared of nothing. I'm man just like you man. I'm getting money. You getting money when I leave, you going leave. Ain't no thinking how to rob this nigga how to do this and that. Now I show you how to get this money. It ain't up to you what you do with it because anybody can get some money. But can you keep it? That's the key. Anybody can get some money but can you keep it? Anybody can get some coochie. Can we keep it? Anybody can get a job. Can you keep the job? Anybody can get their hands on some viagras but can you keep them?

(46m 13s):
You know I'm just shout said showing love all night night. But these are facts. When I get sick about the city though, I'm not lying on that. Love that spot. Every time I go to Dallas I'm gonna pull up the fuel city. I'm not lying to you. I used to be scared of the birds out there. Big a birds of city that be at Walmart. I normally drive off when I see them damn birds but the tacos so damn good. I can't resist. There'd be a hundred people there too if you're city go so motherfucker hard though. You know I'm just talking shit. They be having cops over there too while I pull up with the 20 mans. I ain't got this. I know the police right there. You got to be a bad motherfucker to pull something off of you're city because I'm cops everywhere. That's when I pull up Jerry and everything ain't worried about nothing.

(46m 54s):
Now if the police wasn't over there like they were, I'm not going. Come on man. How you gonna sit up and say you gonna see nothing impressive from the Lakers tonight? Lakers normally get blew out by the Denver Nuggets but tonight they went into Denver and took care of business on the team. They won nine games in a row and that wasn't even impressive nigga stop. Nigga stop Chad June his ass for lying. He said they wasn't impressive tonight. You said the other night when we beat them, I mean Portland, it's not impressive. So we came back tonight and then damn stop it.

(47m 36s):
Don't do that fam don't do that dog fam whoever you know I love you though. But don't do that dog. Don't gig a Lakers. They critic tonight now they might not do nothing in the playoffs. That's cool. But tonight we ain't gonna hate bro. We gonna get them boys. They what they do. Come on, come on, come on crush. Man that shit wasn't trash man. Boy won't what? It's baby. I know you magic man. You must be a Nugget fan. You, you got the sauce knocked off your NI get it. But we ain't gonna do that tonight though. We ain't gonna do that. Hey man, if you watching the show and you know what I'm saying? You can't watch it sometime man. Go to Apple Podcast, go to Spotify, make sure you download The Bubba Dub Show everybody download this show. Put it out there. Let the people know man y'all got to tune in and watch bro.

(48m 17s):
Bro doing this thing man. Giving us a live comedy show right there on this show. Man. I look, I need that love man. I need that love man. I need that push. I need y'all to push me also. Man you can catch me on the weed Warrens tour. Me Mike s Carlos Miller Mojo Brooks, Tony Robs country Wayne. Haha Davis. We the baggage motherfucking tour that's assembled right now and I'm not bullshitting you. I'll be in South Haven, Mississippi next week, February 28th. Pull up, come see me And after that, that Sunday I'm gonna be in Brooklyn at the Barclay Center. Yep. The ghost of Biggie gonna be there man, him rest in peace. Jay-Z, his big lips. Maybe he be somewhere in the vicinity.

(48m 57s):
Hey pull up. You ain't seen me on stage yet. You're missing something. Come see you think you getting a show here, you gonna get one 10 time more on stage. I gotta point to prove God I'm not bullshitting. I pray for the good Lord to put me on this stage. I'm him. I'm showing my ass. So if you gonna come see me at any of these shows, get there early, y'all get there early and come see your boy because I'm not playing no mother games, I playing no games. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight man. I I, I appreciate I know some of y'all finna get ready to go out. I know some of y'all wise girlfriend quit watching him and come lay down.

(49m 37s):
I'm coming back. Me f me one that take care of your woman man long that me love that mo that fat motherfucker she gonna gain weight over years and and it's okay how long I gained women done gained weight. She still pretty in the face and all that but she look chunky now and she still be talking that tongue. Raise my leg up girl. Shit you better hold your own goddamn leg up. I ain't they god damn strong. You motherfucking gang. All weight you need turn my nigga strength to hold y women leg up. Shit you better put your, you big neck bone eating half ass motherfucker. Shit I can't pick you up like that. No god baby. That was 15, 16 songs ago. Shit on your, I come up there like a goddamn rabbit hump on you for about 11 minutes then you then we done after I get through I be praying to God my kids come in the room shit after the kids come in there.

(50m 33s):
She know it's awful. I be making all kinds of noise all loud so the kids can come in there and goddamn and see what I got doing in this motherfucker y'all doing in there. Nothing. Come on here I'm finished. You think you slick and I ain't got time wrestling with no goddamn boy. Y'all know them goddamn hos out there in Texas. Them goddamn Bos shit. That's what I'm wrestling with every night a goddamn boy. I'm trying not to get dolls and shit. Shit I ain't bullshiting I seen you white boy back dipping skull. Yeah goddamn white boy back dipping skull. Oh goddamn. Big, big, big trucks again out on the road shit.

(51m 12s):
Goddamn damn right. White boys ain't bullshitting. They back hogging. I'm gonna hogging too. Ain't nothing like going hog hungry with your white boys man You know you ain't gotta buy no beer. They got pinky beer, they got some moonshine. Man if you ain't never partied or hung around white people man you should do it once in your life man. You have fun motherfucker. I get around my white friends and we have a ball. I get them motherfucker drunk. I start telling them jokes and before you know it them motherfucker giving me money like cre I ain't shit you motherfucker give you money. I'm talking about 6,000 and all kind of shit. I'm not lying. My homeboy came when he came up he left about 13 bands.

(51m 55s):
Shit. My wife friend got that juggle shit my, I'm so proud of that said man I be proud too Brian but man I'm short eight bands, that's all 8,000. Yep. God man that goddamn truck over that glove compartment come back with them big head hunters. So you need eight grand shoot I can do for you buddy. You know you always been good to me. You know that black girl you hooked me up with a couple years ago, boy she rock my world then she I got another one for your hot ass too Brian. You can say the word motherfucker. I pull in life white like me. Don't lie. They might got thin ass sandy at home but God damnit.

(52m 37s):
They thinking about a Keisha don't you think ain't do do but you ever see motherfucker walking around at the club with you just hanging around. They want some of that black meat. I'm not bullshitting you. They up with it. White boy nasty. They ain't wearing no condom shit. Know them black women better put that condom on. You ain't hit people. See and I'm the one that gonna black me Brian. I wait till we get all around, hey white boy and I say Brian, you know what ma'am, I'm gonna tell your friends you been getting some dark meat, how much it's gonna cost you to be quiet another eight grand. Hold that dog. Goddamn right. Talking.

(53m 16s):
Talking. Then let enjoy. Life gets my Mexican, just my Mexican dude who be doing my yard. God, I guess. I guess he good 'cause he can't mow my yard and, and shit shook down and talked to me for a minute. He a little upset. I ain't gonna lie. He a little upset what's going on in the world. I said bro, I ain't got no control of that. You ain't got no control of that. You legal far as I could see. 'cause if you wasn't, I'd be had to turn your ass in. Bam. You know you do got to me home. God damn right. And it ain't got nothing to do with you being the Mexican because I had a black person used to mow my yard but the motherfucker wasn't never on time. Show up at the wrong times and shit. Motherfucker show up when it ranging motherfucker you can't mow my yard.

(53m 57s):
That's why I ain't ever got, I ain't got no black person do my yard. Motherfucker showed up the mow my yard one day while I was rain. What the fuck wrong with you nigga? Nothing more. My yard wife ringing. Damn. You know you get your ass outta here. So I hooked over. He her, he her bad motherfucker. Heta got a zero turn. That goddamn nigga go by itself. My yard looking. All my neighbors be hat me, me, me, me and God Healthy. We, I how we bonded, you know what I'm saying? Me, me. We bonding. Told me his sister-in-law coming over here real soon. I told him, Harry told him, let me know when she come over here. I'm putting my baby mama account.

(54m 39s):
I know my name. I ain't said it in a while, but y'all know my name. I want to check to go ahead and tell you my name now Senior your dog. Thank y'all for watching tonight's show. I love y'all. I peace the blessing. I'm out The Volume. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else.

(55m 23s):
Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on.

(56m 3s):
Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One, happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boo. Thomas Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com. The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be.

(56m 45s):
Find resources to help you support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Dot org, that's sounded out together. Dot org brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal and.