
Electricity is more than a source of energy at its best. Electricity is a rush, a thrill, a feeling. From hybrids to plugin hybrids to the all electric Lexus rz, this is our take on electric one. That puts what you need. What makes you feel confident? Inspired, excited above all else. After all, if it doesn't spark something in you, is it really electric experience amazing at your Lexus dealer?


The Volume. Y'all come on in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, believe your eyes. You see it. Believe your eyes. You see what I in now? Hit the light button. You've been waiting on me and I've been waiting on y'all internet trash. That's what took me so long. I know y'all been waiting, but I have to get the internet right. First businesses business. I'm standing on business. Hit the subscribe button too while you here. Y'all threatening me. Yeah, don't hit the like subscribe button before I go in.


Y'all threatening me. I can't believe you wearing a bill jersey. Well, damnit believed it. You seen what the Falcon did to the cowboy and y'all think I'm supposed to sit around and wait for my team to get better? Never. You damn right. I switched team. I make a business decision before I even go in on Dak Cyra. I want Kirk cousin tested for STDs. Allegedly they tell me them holes down there. Blue Flame giving him everything he wants and I don't like it. Every time I go to Blue Flame I gotta spend two or 3000 for one of them holes to take me in the back room.


But they giving Kirk head off the muscle. Dallas Cowboy the one down there and now and got they ass to off the bone again. When we gonna win again? Three and five. When we gonna win again? Y'all talking to the wrong about being loyal. I'm not loyal. Shit that can't do a motherfucking thing today. That press got a $60 million limit to win sign that signed that big contract and trick Jerry on that nigga a lemon Jerry not his ham string. Ain't nothing wrong with your hamstring. Your coochie hurt nigga.


Ain't nothing wrong with that Prescott hamstring. His coochie is hurt. Well since your coochie so go sick. Go get in some vinegar nigga put nigga in your bad water attack. Been going through shit all week. Y'all done left Ezekiel Elliot fat ass at home. Good. Leave him now. Matter of fact, release it. Cowboy fan holding on. What the hell y'all holding on to? Ain't nothing nothing. Now look, me and my mother can eyes ain't nothing now I'm I'm over on the wing side right now and it feel so good boy. Ain't nothing like when your team win, you sleep good.


The sex better, the head better the food better the conversation be. But when your team lose, you don't even wanna go to work. You don't want to talk to no damn body. If you owe somebody, you don't even wanna pay them. If you a cowboy fan, I know you losing all your money. I knew in the week, I knew last week I was gonna change teams. I told y'all I expected some shit like this to happen. So I make a decision. Go to the winning side or stay on the loser side. I chose the winning side. God told me Bubba the Cowboys are no damn good now. He didn't say damn but he definitely said they ain't no good.


So I said you know what my heavenly father, I'm gonna start obeying you. I'm gonna stop sleeping with these ho I'm gonna start doing right by you. Heaven. The father show me a sign that the Dallas cowboy ain't gonna do a me me pop die. They guess what I heard breaking news. Ezekiel Elliot is not traveling with the team. I knew then we was going lose. Well I knew y'all was going lose but y'all mad at me man you got to stick it through. I ain't got to stick nothing through. I'm a newborn Christian again now I'm a newborn fan again. My heaven. When the father told me all I got to do is ask for repentance and he will forgive me. Well guess what? I have been forgiven. I been baptized and Bills Mafia now.


You damn right. I'm Bill Mafia and I'm proud of it. There's plenty room for y'all. Come on over. That's all you gotta do is come on over here. It feel good over here too baby. Real talk My good old friends but ain't know that many white people up here in I in Buffalo. In case y'all didn't know. I didn't know that. White people friendly. Damn motherfucker too behind me. Milk Lobe Ultras buying me nacho drinks and everything. It's on me. His name was Todd. Like that chain you got on. Appreciate it. You want something to drink? I do. You damn right. I want something to drink Todd. You know I'm a nigga. Don't just give me nothing to drink. Get my pocket or something too. What you want some skills? You want some m nigga?


Nah, I'm good nigga. Y'all gonna get some pie paying for this shit. I had to make a decision today y'all. But Dak Prescott was 18 for 24. Y'all 133 yards. One touchdown man. A $60 million a year quarterback got 133 motherfucking passing yard. He moss than Bryce Young and I'm gonna get together. Ass whooping. The Saints lost too. I'm gonna get together in a minute but I'm gonna stick him on the cowboy right now y'all. The season is over. They tell me them boys in Dallas ain't wearing Shaq Haircuts no more. Trap boy ain't got no Sha no damn y'all now they show you how Cowboys in yellow got braids come to where you at South the Jerry Jones talking about he a disa the fuck disappointed money and that and damn damn months with a high ankle sprain.


I done seen LeBron James roll his ankle 75 damn times in one game and never miss a game. But this nigga been out four months behind a damn ankle sprain. Stop it. They need to take his damn jersey out the stores. If your Rocky nigga jersey, it better be with Fanatics. They got the business, you see it. So I one of them weak trash jerseys and go shop with fanatics got my blood pressure up about them so Rad Cowboy or people in my inbox threatening me man you ain't right fa. Well your girl say you ain't right either nigga you running around here talking all that shit on the internet but you got boo boo in your drawers nigga.


Yeah you making whoop me but take your drawers off. Let's show I draw. I bet my drawer clean nigga. I bet ain't no shit things in mine. Can you say the same? Never you women nasty laying up with shit. Booga ass nigga. Y'all need y'all ass whoop my man this and that. Yo man got shit in your drawer Boo Dub don't I might not can saved your ass in no fight but I can say if you washing Paga Don, I bet you that it's the little things with me. I ain't washing my clothes each and every day because my clothes ain't dirty. Your clothes smell like me or them. Tell here today, welcome to the bubble Dub Show. If it's your first time watching, you know Doug going put on a show, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button.


What you waiting on? You can't get this shit on Never Saints fan. Well you Saint fans at done lost to Bryce Young. Bryce Young supposed to be in the UFA right now but he won today. Shout out to Bryce Young. I told you your opportunities were gonna come again and you took advantage. You didn't have the best game but you had the right game. Damn Saints fan. Where you at? Best thing going on in New Orleans right now is Lil Wayne and the hot boys back together again. That's the only thing good in the New Orleans right now. Cajun pastor eating bone in crab fist eating motherfucker talk now get car back.


Well that damn car need a new Alterna   too. Tell take that damn car back to the shop because the one you got ain't working. It ain't working New Orleans where we beat the cowboy. Who ain't beagle? Who ain't beat the damn Dallas Cowboy and a JV team can beat the Cowboys. We ain't got nobody over there but Lamb. Who in the backfield name the nigga who's running the ball for the Cowboys right now. Even Dak had three carriers in for 30 yards and burned up his hamstring door each and every month fucking year we go out and buy Cowboys girl cat hat, caps and jerseys and and coffee mugs and turn them on and tailgating and And these motherfuckers don't care about women.


Did y'all see what that just said? We suck. We no you suck you yellow mother. I'm a lord heavenly fall. I need you to be with me today. I got a lot of anger build up in me so do my fans. Some of 'em mad too. They feel what I feel right now now Lord. But I want to thank you for blessing me. I want to thank you for giving me the knowledge to change teams. When the storm is coming, when the storm is here, the mother storm is here and I'm like Noah, I don't went out and got me a boat. I don't went out and got me a boat and I'm sail away.


I'm up here in Buffalo right now. I'm over here in Canada. Yeah I'm in Drake. You need to let that shit Gomar ain't why Duos corner corner. You wait till you in Toronto talk this shit. But when you in LA you quieter my house in church. I'm just taping the I rock with you. But when you in you be like a come and you you get to the six start shit stop it. Mme Rose didn't do that to you. Kenrick Lamar did that to you And what they say they not like because home now.


Yeah to home now things can change. Things can change. Say One thing about when you go to jail all your women disappear. All your friends disappear. But when you come back home everybody wanna come on back to the ranch I beat. Damn you stay your hot ass where you was. I'm good right now by myself. Feeling good y'all I'm winning. My girl told me I'm gonna get something tonight and guess what? I'm on them roast sports. Oh yeah. Don't only get you some roast pork. They don't like a spark up on your ass too. Do you hear me? I be stroking. Stroking to the east, stroking to the west.


Stroking to the thought that I love the best. I be stroking when I'm on them. Roast pork be stroking. I be sweating like a hundred bake ham too. I like a female walk the swag off me when I'm on door. What I'm supposed to do grown? Show him. Yeah show you how to like how to, how to get real romantic in your house. First thing you do, you wanna be romantic with your girl, pay your motherfucking bills nigga. I ain't talking about 50 50 either. I'm talking about paying. I owe the bills. I'm talking about taking the whole household shopping. I'm talking about grocery. Put the put gas in the car, put money in up her and then all you got to do is sit back and take one of these roast parts.


She gonna give you what you want. You ain't got worry about happen out early. You gonna last a good hour after that. You gonna need a bite, a shower. But how y'all feeling today though that day Sunday? I'm feeling good y'all my team won. We beat our division team. We beat the Dolphins tour T Fish tour back. He had a good game 25 for 28 but it wasn't enough. Buffalo is here. Y'all Jim Kelly? No Josh Him feel like Buffalo got a chance to do it out. Mme Cooper was out today. They wasn't able to stretch the field like they wanted to do. But when I tell you when he come back with Khal over there with Keon Cole and my fam over there, the run game over there with Cook.


I'm telling you man Buffalo is the team to beat. That's all I'm saying. Now you can say what you say right now but I'm telling you right now, Buffalo is continuing to be in that division. Baltimore Ravens. Oh yeah they won today four one to 10 just to Broco the march Jackson is the MVP right now. Ain't nothing Oh goodbye. That big running back here had 106 show that big motherfucker beat to that rock too. Come on when they get cold, who gonna wanna tackle that big monster? That's all I'm saying. They gonna wanna tackle it now. But when they give the game, when they, when? When the playoff season starting to get cold? Oh yeah it get cold.


Who gonna wanna tackle that big monster And the first thing a Hager gonna say Lamar don't ever do nothing in the play out. He ain't never had Henry either. Knix do you hear me? Like, like I've been telling y'all now some of y'all ain't never been able to go last 15 minutes and be go get that roast Porsche nigga you gonna put in work, you gonna put in work is all I'm saying to y'all right here today. Ravens Raven more Jackson could possibly win MVP bat to bat. And I know the chief seven. Oh I get it Patrick Mahome but he ain't looked that great. They ain't got no receiver over there. They just winning. If they gonna go and pick up no receiver that could come back to hunt them in the playoffs.


Let's just keep it 100 over hood. Doug speak facts. That's all I'm saying. Does speak facts if they don't go out and get a receiver at the trade deadline, that could be critical to the Kansas City success this year in the playoffs because they definitely going to the playoffs. We know this, y'all know this but Travis Kel look like he 45 years old now. I don't know what, I don't know what Taylor doing to him. I don't know but that flat ass nobody got something going on and I'll it. I'm up here in Buffalo. Ain't white women up here. I been nice to white motherfuckers all day and some of them was Dick too. Do you want some biscuit, homemade biscuit with sausage.


I got my own sausage but shit you gimme a craving. Think I won't come to my family reunion with no white girl. You a motherfucking lie. Antonio. I bring a white girl to my family reunion. I bring a white girl to my to to one of my family members too. See I don't discriminate. All women need low and I give to them big, big be tall or small. Bubble do would tap them out. Come here, come here. Your man ain't true. You right. Come here. I think you raising can get you two sausages with an extra toast and a sweet tea. Come here. I'm not gonna paint no gains with your big ass.


I'm gonna make look to you the way you need love made to your ass. Yeah you being mad tonight gonna go to bed Mad not me. I'm going to bed laughing. You really miss me. I do. I do.


If you watching this show then you know this show being presented by Pics. Y'all right down below. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs man. Real talk. First time usually you put $5 in they gonna give you 50. Yeah, real talk more or less on your favorite player. Real talk more or less on your favorite player. That's all man.


If you can't watch this show when I'm going live, all you got to do is go to apple Podcast or Spotify type in the bubble dub show. Boom. I'm yeah the Bible say when two or three a gal in my name there, I'm in the midst. Well you got to do two or three of y'all is watching this show right now. I don't know how many 'em right now but there ought to be thousands do you hear me? I gotta be th I gotta be a million man March on my damn show because nobody else keep it 100 like I keep it 100. They gonna be biased. They gonna say PC shit. I'm gonna say what need to be said. Yeah I'm gonna hold shit back. I'm gonna say what need to be said. I ain't scared of shit.


I ain't scared of me watching Commanders beat up on the Giants. I hearing players from other teams telling they agents if they betrayed they wanna go to the damn commanders. Ain't that something? Ain't this amazing how you can be on the bottom and then for you know what you can be on the top. That's some of us. Some of us have been struggling trying to make a way and we ain't been able to do it. People been laughing at you but boy you know it. You gonna be on top. That's all I'm saying. Never give up baby watching them been trash for the last four, five damn meals. Look at 'em now when they got Jay Daniels, look at them now.


Dan got Quinn Sny over there. The coach Dan coach over there. The old defensive coach. Coach for the Cowboys over there doing great things so it don't matter where you at today. It's all about where you at tomorrow. Gotta put their work in paper You, I mean put that mother fucking work in each and every day Stop listening to the negativity talk. Quit listening to people tell you what you can and can't do. Get around to people that that believe in you and that know you can do them. The people you need to pee around if your girl around and she negative get rid of her negative ass. If a kid negative. That's all I'm saying. If the kid negative Whoop told you about this other day, quit trying to be your damn kid's friend.


Put something on your kids' ass. I don't know what's going on with the Green Bay Pack but they getting they ass whooped right now. Jordan Love Jordan. Screw damn Jerry. That's the, I told y'all them damn they probably gonna the Super Bowl y'all. I'm just keeping it real. They probably going to the Super Bowl and it be a great thing for Big Mes home now. All that snitches shit. I don't worry nothing about big, big big. Me being no big snake. Big one. I don't give a damn big home. Y'all to be thankful.


Detroit Big Meat home, Eminem put out a new album. That spaghetti still nasty in restaurant but damn it Detroit got it going on. You ain't never been to the D go some of the most beautiful women I ever seen in my life up there. I see why Barry Gordon took down on Ross. See you. How y'all feeling though man I gotta say man I'm feeling good right now man. Say Sunday a lot of football games went on. You know teams took some Ls. It's just what it is. Jamis Winston one touchdown three interception. What's wrong with you? Open your eyes nigga. When throw ball jam Winston?


Yeah put it on the motherfucker. Open your eyes nigga. Now I done pray that you get you a starting job again. Last week you came out three touchdown, no peaks this week. You out there looking like do you letting down Winston one touchdown mother nigga. What kind of speech you gonna give in the locker room after the game? Whoever it's damnit. I don't wanna hear your mother speech. I don't wanna Live show. He knows what he and he's here to tell you.


Hell Watching this show, part of the show where we having hell no sitting man and something I could ask me Bubble dub do you wear condoms on the first night? Hell no. Do you pull out? Hell no. Not pulling out for what you wanna feel me and I wanna feel you. We grown. That's what's wrong with some of y'all right now. Man y'all be going out on these dates. Oh I just want to get to know you a little better. I be damn I just fed you ho. I don't know you. You full, you think you finna go home? Lay down off off some food that I just paid for and not gimme none. Shit.


I know you seen roast four crumbs in my car. You finna gimme something. You get in my car it roast four crumbs every damn well. I'm feeling work shit and don't lie. Don't gimme none. I'm gonna lie. I'm gonna call everybody. I know you know I hit on the friend night. You wouldn't do that to me. Shit. Drive me. You gonna respect me and I'm gonna respect you. See the most beautiful thing in the world man. When you meet somebody man that you like is it's a rush and sleeping in together on the first night rush. It does something to me and I know it do something to y'all too. But you kissing on her and she kissing on you and then she, I dunno what you mean you dunno.


Oh I just put 75 for steak in your goddamn stomach. A one sauce champagne. The red kind. You don't one to keep you young. Shit you wouldn't get that with your last but now you get with me you got a $200 Mme, 2 0 200 meal now all of a sudden you gonna know shit. You better know something or you gonna walk. Man I'm gonna take your phone too so you can't Ooh shit I'm dirty. I'm petty like that. I'm not gonna be doing all this that for nothing. Shit boy. Kelly say you want take them first class trips with Doug. Wanna work them first class hips. Where we going in my car? I ain't getting no damn wrong. I'm cheap AC work. He go work bend that ass over, bend it over.


Ooh my kids call and let them call. My daddy never called me. Let him call man I'm having fun. Y'all don't know about y'all man. I'm having fun. I'm enjoying life. I'm doing what I always wanted to do. I'm doing what I love. God's been great. I've got this big tour coming up in February. The we the ones tour. I know y'all seen the commercial before I came on live. I know y'all seen the pic commercial and all this shit gets come from hard work man having the good team around me strategizing to be the best that I could be. And that's the same way I feel about the the the football teams. They're not trying to be the best. I feel like the Cowboys is trying to get a high draft pick.


They not trying to win y'all so the season over so it's okay if you wanna switch teams mid-season like I did, it's okay. Ain't nobody going to bother you. Okay. It's okay. Don't believe in oh man you can't switch teams. You gotta be loyal. Listen these hoes and these niggas ain't loyal to each other. Why should you be loyal to a team? They'll trade your favorite player the minute something go wrong. So why can't you switch teams? You can do what you wanna do. You a grown person here tomorrow you could be gone. So if you gonna be gone please leave happy. I'm happy that I'm right now it's Bill Mafia everywhere. I'm finna go buy bills, posters, I'm finna go buy bills, coffee mugs, everything.


But listen to me. I ain't told you nothing wrong yet. I've been wrong on games but I ain't been wrong on this one. Ain't nothing wrong with switching up every now and then man you gotta change up. See that's what's wrong with y'all man. You can't do all that. You can't be changing some of y'all got some slick ass ties on your car. You need to bend them, change them damn ties. Damn car bouncing up and down the road. That's why your stomach always hurting 'cause when you eat you get nigga shaking ass car nigga car got eight plugs on one tire. Nigga that's dangerous. Get you some new ties man. Slick ass ties on that car sliding every damn word. Taking them kids to school just slid nigga ain't with you.


Go you new better you a Duke tell y'all something about your relationship. How do you know when a relationship is really over? I'm Finn explain to you when you know a relationship really over them long talks them text message we need to take a break. That ain't shit that Netflix account if she tell you it's over this how you know it's really over when you go home and you ain't there with her no more and you go log in your next fist account and it say unauthorized user on this account, it's over. It's fucking over. Got your blocked on everything. That's how you know relationship over when she over now here I'm thinking I watch my favorite show, I can't even watch it no damn more because she doesn't block me.


That's when I blew her motherfucking phone. I said look at here hope you can cheat on me. You can steal my money but you going never block me out of Netflix. That's something you should never do. You got be a petty motherfucker to break up with somebody then change the Netflix password. Oh I'm catch up on my favorite show. I done work 1214 hours. See I come over you better not come law I the law. I tell the law you got drugs around them kids and I'll call CPS on your ass. You gonna gimme that new password. Can't nobody steal you.


Talking about people stealing can't nobody steal from you like apple nigga of night three in the morning, that 9 99 is coming out your damn account. You know I ain't lying. You could be on you get that message pop up from Apple. Why God damnit hey people cold boy they'll get you. They'll get you while you're sleep. Shit I while you be more careful here got to be more careful man. Gotta watch your surrounding If you women watching my show, be careful when y'all go home Leg at night people stalking. Stalking y'all women doing anything they can to get what y'all women be careful man get you some protection.


You women be going out to the lounges, people be following y'all home. Ride around the police. You see somebody riding behind you ride to the police station baby. Real talk drive that motherfucker straight to the police. I do it. Nigga wanted to follow me. I drove straight to the motherfucking sheriff's office and jumped out. Come here, follow me, come here. Police said what's going on in that car right there father? God dammit get be careful ladies. That's all I'm saying. Watch your surroundings. You know we get into these cell phones all the time. We walk around with our head down. Sometimes you gotta put the phone down and look up, see what's going on. Pay attention to your kids a little bit more. They be trying to tell us shit but sometimes we be a little bit too busy to listen what's going on at their school.


Listen to your kids man. Sometimes them little motherfucker be lying too but sometimes listen to 'em when they telling you 'cause some kids up there be bullying kids and One thing about dub. I hate a bully. If your child a bully sit down with your child and talk to your child and tell 'em that's not the right, that's not the, that's not the right thing to do man. Be respectful because you don't want nobody to bully you see it's up to us parents sometimes we could, we could change certain things man. You know like real talk like that's One thing I don't like as a bully man I was bullied growing up and I didn't like it man made me feel some kind of way. Made me think evil made me want to do harmful things to him and you know and that ain't, that ain't growing up.


That ain't what you wanna do as a kid. You just wanna go to school, learn your, learn your lesson and have fun. Not be scared to go to school or go to lunch 'cause you feel like somebody's going do something to you. So if you know anybody out there's being bullied, put a stop to it man. Bullies are trash just being real man. Bullies are trash right now man. But speaking of robbing people, there's been people that have been robbing people and been getting away with it And Dak Prescott is one of 'em. I don't know what's going on in Milwaukee with the Milwaukee books. We won the NBA. I don't know what the fuck going on with Dame Little. I don't know. I think that nigga's Shav points.


How Dame Little had two motherfucking points. We talking about nigga making million a year. You got points going on. I what's going on with Milwaukee But Doc Rivers ain't here do and spam bumpy Knix ham ain't it? And I know y'all see what's going on in Philadelphia with Joel MV pushing them report One thing. You reporters, y'all got to stop getting personal man. I know I call these player trash but that shit ain't personal. That just on what you doing on your game fam. You were trash tonight but y'all going into a man family. That shit ain't right. You ain't got no business bringing up that man family. I don't care who it is man.


It gotta be some respect somewhere. It gotta be some boundaries somewhere. Yeah Joel MBI get it man. But like I told y'all man stop wearing them motherfucking sketches never in the NBA player wrote Skees. You mind well playing open toe sands nigga and some motherfucking Skees nigga you gonna put some Jordans on, some Nikes on some Medis or some sack Rebox on Skees. My momma wear SS nigga no culinary shoes boy. My mama cook nigga you wearing cook shoes out there. Restaurant shoes baby back, baby back Chili rib shoes wearing ass gotta be some boundaries somewhere.


People gotta be some respect. Gotta be some love Thanksgiving coming up. Why do y'all keep going to people house y'all don't like during Thanksgiving? You know what I'm saying? Don't do that if you don't like people don't go lay motherfucking house man. They sitting around you going eat. Nah, I don't want nothing. Knowing motherfucking where your stomach hurt, growling, don't do it. I got some new friends now I'm gonna the white people house Thanksgiving. Guess what? And I ain't got to bring nothing but myself. They gonna give me all the food I want but I'm gonna be praying my ass off to the heavenly Father to bless me to eat them meals.


Them white people have prepared for us. I'm thankful heavenly father I am. I wanna go ahead and do my prayer. I'm not heavenly father. I know if you let me literally see Thanksgiving I'm going over Todd and Randy House Lord heavenly father, I know that food ain't gonna be worth a damn but I pray that the hands that prepared be clean. I pray that they wash their hands and sanitize their hands that pray that they gonna pray that they gonna be playing with they dog Ruben and before they go back in there and put their hand on the potato salad with Rais and then dog. I pray that that food will nourish us and gimme strength. I pray that Tide will gimme that $250,000 loan I've been begging about the last three days. That's all in your name. Jesus heaven the Father.


Amen. Your my friend boy. I got a $250,000 loan on the way. You gonna know when I get it because I ain't going live no damn mo. I ain't gonna bullshit. I'm gonna never go. I'm going straight down there to the Mercedes Benz car alive. I want the Benz come here. I'm gonna ride around with my shirt off all day. Oh yeah. Gonna be capping and capping baby. Yeah that's what I do. I'm gonna be capping call my mama baby. God is good back baby mama. Look what God got me. You want a ride? Yeah. Come get me baby. You got some gas money just ain't nothing for free. I riding y'all niggas around.


It's your mama. I don't give a damn what? Yeah she better give me 20 $30 to put in the tank or she can't ride with her baby boy. Telling you what God love every night we're gonna have fun on the bubble dub so we gonna do nothing else. We going laugh, we going to cry, we gonna have fun And that's what live's about man. Y'all be too uptight. Y'all take shit too. Y'all take live too serious man. Enjoy your shit. Some of y'all on the show right now. 50, 55 years old and and all you do is go to work every day and come home and take care of your family. Same thing over in each and every day. Man. Go on vacation man. I don't give a damn If you go to Galveston, if you in Texas, I don't give a damn if you go to Galveston, I don't give a damn.


If you are in Buffalo go till Niagara Falls do something then other just coming home each and every day doing the same old same old thing. Gotta switch it up man. Gotta change it up every now then man. That's all I'm saying. All my partners out there got the Frenchy dogs. It's time to change from Frenches to Doming Pinches to to Cliff with the big red nose dog. Dammit. Change some up shit. Change something up Trash of day. Going to the damn Dallas Cowboy trash. Went down there to the A and took another ass. Whoop. Why even go down there man? Why even just forfeit the damn games?


Just forfeit the games. Why y'all still on tv? Take them motherfuckers off Fox. Put somebody else on them that deserve it. Cowboy don't deserve to be on tv man. We need to be hidden like the Hidden Houses. How the $60 million quarterback on the sideline front of the world telling everybody we suck. You think you don't think we know that fam. Now we got to put it in Cooper Rush. Tom Landry rolling over in his motherfucking grave right now.


Uncle Mike won't roll over in Powder. I ain't got nothing to say. I really don't y'all, I'm lost for words right now y'all. I really am. Do you think I really want to put this bill shit on. I did. I ain't gonna lie. I really want to put this shit on. I want to show y'all that I'm my own man and I make my own decision and if I want put on one of these nine fanatic Buffalo Bill Jersey, dammit I'll And I did. Some of y'all need to do the same and that's okay. It's okay to get mad. Why you got the bills on? What you gonna do when I wear my Steelers? What you gonna do when you see me in them Commanders? What you going do when you see me in the Kansas City Chiefs? What you going to do when you see me in the re?


What you gonna do when you see me in the Detroit? I got every jersey in the motherfucking world. I'm gonna be happy. I'm gonna be and I want you be happy too. So damn it. I know I ain't the only one that's switching teams switch. It's okay. Switch Hell I'm wrong with y'all and I, Adam, Adam ef. Lemme say something to you. I don't know what you gotta get Anthony Richardson. I don't like it. You talking about he ain't gonna be in the Indianapolis no more. You a mother fucking lie. You man with tie. He had no business saying that to the world or on his team.


He was tired. But people make mistakes man. We make mistakes each and every day man. And we be one guy to forgive our funky asses. Don't. But we gonna forgive Anthony Richardson, your time not up fam. You keep your head up. You get in that motherfucking playbook each and every day. Don't you Go out, don't you go in no lounges, you go to that motherfucking gym, to that practice field every day and learn that playbook, learn them defenses and you will be all right because hard work pays off. I'm not giving up on your aunt, man. Everybody else might give up on your dog. I'm not. I still believe in you. I still believe in blind ass Jam Winston. I still believe in Bryce. Young man. I believe in you dog.


Nobody else do I believe in you man, get your shit together man. Come back better. Come back stronger. They say Lamar, they say Lamar Jackson could never be a, a good quarterback, but he turned into a great, it's all about preparation. It's all about how you carry yourself. That's all you got to do. Thank y'all for tuning into the bubble. Do show peace. I'm out. The Volume.