
Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious, which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself, not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No, seriously the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council,


The Volume. What's up everybody? What's up everybody? Hopefully everybody doing good man. Hope everybody had a a, a great Sunday. I'm back at the crib. I was out there NBA All Star networking. But you know, for the ones who just now tuning in, if you already been tuning in, you been in the chat, come in and I appreciate it. I would love y'all. Y'all bring to the Bubble Dub show. Go only hit the like button. Make sure you subscribe to this show. You know, we, we, we need, we, we we need you baby. Come on. Go over here to come over here to with the Wing and team baby and keep your notifications turned on.


Of course, like I said, I just got you talking about the NBA All Star and let me just humbly say this, the NBA all star that we know as of today. Trash straight up bullshit. David Stern's rolling over his motherfucking grave right now. I see it was a thousand damn ads today. Every time I look around it was a commercial going on on the damn game. Y'all know ain't like commercial. What happened to the players actually being excited about being in the NBA All star?


It's a privilege to be in the NBA All Star. Not no damn mo. Ain't no fucking big ass damn Monopoly game going on on the damn court. That's all the girls. Ain't nobody competing. Ain't nobody saying I'm the best in the world. Ain't nobody saying that shit. What happened? The money done change us, y'all the mother money done changed us such and such making 300 million and this and that and they don't want to go all out. Well guess what?


You won't play my motherfucking league if I'm the, if I'm them silver tongue motherfucking owners, y'all wouldn't play my damn league. And I hate to make a reference to this but I'm only putting it in the comedic form of what I'm trying to say about players not wanting to do what they supposed to do. Do you think them Negro would've told CV and candy at On Jane? Go about they they ain't want to fight. Hey on and the boys we're gonna put dogs on them if they didn't do what they were supposed to do.


If I'm owner, I'm giving you 350 million, you gonna do whatever fuck I tell you to do. Do you? Ain't no if ain't no and ain't no bus about you gonna do whatever. Fuck I tell you do if I say you playing in the NBA All star thing Damnit you come nigga. I don't give a damn. You gotta go out there and dunk the ball in Gregory Hines on tap dancing shoe. You going to go out there and dunk Tyler, look in that Shaq bad knees ass and Kinky Smith Bradley can give up, give up outta his chair.


I love you Kenny, but I'm tired of get him off the goddamn way. Troy Barkley gotta got so much goddamn makeup is pitiful, got the face a real, you gotta put all that shit on your face boy. You can't never go on no house and sleep and shit. You know what I'm saying? You going, you gonna leave all the evidence over all the makeup on your damn face. You gonna folk back that damn makeup at that funeral home. It don't make no damn sense. What I'm looking at win Humble, I I love what I see. I love him win Man I, I can't, I can't say enough how much I love to see what Win Yoba doing but I wanna see win Humble and I wanna see yo is go ahead.


I wanna see him going there. I the boss, I'm the big doc, we ain't seeing it no more. They don't bother y'all that don't bother y'all shit. James Hard and all star James Harden fat them a motherfucker. Do you hear me? That motherfucker like he full of oatmeal. I told y'all seen James Harden today running up and down that court like full of oatmeal round the key room. But he can run them holes though. I Gary I call my owner I'll call my players out come you night.


No I wasn't getting your, I'm peeling you, you some you in drunk, you were five for 15 other night motherfucker you were drunk, you got one more motherfucking time to come in here drunk. So you gotta take things away from him. At least feel like you going to take it from him. I don't know if y'all ever here watch the movie Rosewood. Do y'all remember that white man Mr. White had Sylvester little cousin, that little black girl in there. He was hit in there early in the morning. I'm talking about going down through there. Oh yeah son side up egg E bad white man was in that motherfucker going home with was Sylvester coming there?


Sylvester wanted to get a few items. Mr. White didn't think he was a good idea. So what Sylvester say what comes and come on and go what Mr. Wife say Hold on, wait, wait just a goddamn minute. I'm gonna go on and give you what you want. I know you with you. So if I'm a owner of an NBA team and and our job is to get the ratings back up and get the people back wanting to watch the sport that has made us billionaires and millions of dollars where you motherfuckers don't get out there and play. I don't give a damn about no toing A CNI don't give a damn because believe it or not, the owner going do whatever it take to get that money now I know y'all thinking well three players can play this game bro.


Players can play this game and us fans we are suffering from it because I thought we watching they making money off us watching What about the fans that paid money to go down there and enjoy the whole weekend in festivities. People deserve more and the players today y'all got to do better bro. It's kids family member done say up all kinds of money they'll probably come see y'all and y'all ain't even playing like my boy bro. He said not tonight. You know how many motherfucker wanted to come watch that gray beard motherfucker step onto that court. Do you hear me? How many people about? And he and he knew good motherfucking whale he needed to put his feet in some f some sour. He knew that but he didn't do it.


Oh I'm gonna set this one out. You are robbing the motherfucking bands. If we gonna watch the NBA them niggas ain't got nothing. If we going watch the goddamn games, we going buy merch, we gonna go to the game. Them niggas not coming to work and no goddamn business. They not going, they not doing it. Slam dunk contest Mac white boy I ain't even in the league in G League. That motherfucker don't want slam dunk contest three damn times in the month of February and I'm sick of it.


Bumpy. Ellsworth Johnson is rolling over in his motherfucking grave right now and ante. Yeah tell your mouth ante a bad monkey rolling over in his grave right now. He do that damn well white boy can't I? No brothers that white boy need to be drug tested. Don't give a damn what? No you say the white boy need be Georgia. Is he crazy? Can you jump you? Damn right. Well he full of steroids or lit God. Y'all say Barry Barnes took it goddamnit. I'm gonna say the white boy on it. Mother white boy jumping over cars. I know that's bothering Malcolm X spirit 'cause it's bothering mine.


I know it's bothering Brother Malcolm. Brother Elijah Muhammad ain't pleased. He ain't pleased. He ain't pleased with these young brothers today. He ain't pleased with 'em. Lord knows Malcolm, Mitch Martin Luther King just wanted us to be treated equal to hold hands and, and and, and and and and and and sing and harmonize with these white people. Lord nos we didn't know what we were going to do when we got money. Money changed the game now. Yeah you could call me this and that. You can call me the end. You can treat me bad. You can beat my sister up but if you just gimme five and $10 million I'll look over it. Give the kind of niggas we got today.


But y'all praise them though. Y'all praise them Type the ones who won't even think they black. Y'all praise them the real ones. We kill them talk bad about em, cancel him. That's what we do. Time to wake up. I ain't got nothing against Mac mcg done love him but now y'all got y'all. Y'all saying he top five dunk of all time nigga Stop. Stop it. We ain't got but one month man. No motherfuckers got left and they even gave a Mexican god damn a day.


We ain't got damn nigga they done gave a Mexicans a they what do we got the motherfucking thing. So the one thing we got that they ain't took yet because God damnit they gonna take it in their front. They take it only one thing, they ain't took a step away. We already got 28 days And y'all gonna continue to let them win and win and win On this day huh? Yles and tells you can see it. You can see it's the difference between a house and a field. It's just a difference from the color, from the swag, the way they talk, the way they walk the house.


I always thought they were better than the feel it it's even relating to the day. You got some people out through school. Did great thought they were gonna do building you and everything in they nigga they went to college and people who went to college. Some of them right now on both big north big pill pops. Yeah thirties Lord what hell they on that they thought was gonna be something ain't shit. You know I ain't lying. Some of you watching this show right now been lied on talked about be on left or dead. But you what you steal rise.


You steal your rise. Can't nobody stop you but your I be damn if I look out the eyes and see somebody look like me, talk like me just like me I'd be damn if I look out the eyes right here. Somebody that look like me talk like me and I hate them. Never helpful. We done lost our way. We done forgot how to be men. We done forgot how to be legals. We done forgot that. We can still jump. Huh? We done forgot that we we that we are the shit.


We wanna take a walk down memory lane. Y'all remind y'all remind the world who we are, what we come from, what we been through, what we end endured talking about our families I some of us new ways we ain't knew nothing our ancestors have and we can't let that go by the wayside. That's all I'm saying. Just like today. Yeah just like today. I remember back in the day them ho didn't want to get took no phone number. No no con conversation now don't say I ain't got to say shit. They throwing it at me and I don't throw it.


I go mo he ran ran through now. Yeah Relay ran through shit. Don't hear it. What's up. I been moaning you. I know you been mo than me too. Never get your black pepper built by ass up by my face 'cause I don't want you my baby mama man. No way. I spent $800 on a motherfucking lace front. Do you hear me? That lace front so goddamn thin. I can see her credit go through her goddamn head.


I'm shit ain't no lace front. That's a goddamn my skin old neck. Well baby hers only I I know I've been bamboo laying up in the bed looking a hot mess. Got some heads anyway. Oh shit I ain't gonna lie. Got some head. There you go. Shit. Here she my problem she ain't jaws people always wanna call and tell you bad news. I can't stand y'all man. I know I ain't get seen your girl at no club. Bitch you know that with her. You know it with her called me. Why you ain't tell her to get her motherfucking ass to the house with me and the kids and stop by Burger King on your way home.


Matter of fact Jack in the pop them goddamn Jack in the box Taco be shit and them Rose come here with the Lord Strawberry come on exactly to box the shit. La from my baby mama. God I can't stand that hoe. I don't understand what I've been going through my pastor then, then, then, then then them fucked off the church ties between me and y'all. I know y'all ain't gonna say nothing. He done fucked off the money. Nigga done text me. He ain't gonna sell me his cash app. His cash app, his big blessing, big blessings underscore 69. See them pastors. Hell they ain't wanna text me.


You know it's better to give than to receive. I'm not giving shit. You need some money, you better go donate some blood. I used to donate that. It's not in that motherfucker. That's how much blood I done donate. Had to use that defibrillating to bring me back. I donated god damn blood 50 times that week. I ain't have a $75 a I was 3.5 in my homeboy and bring me some pals. Goddamn I'm walking around this motherfucker space style. I think I'm working at SpaceX whole time. I'm working at Walk or Burger bullshit going on man I ain't gonna continue to go fuck bullshit no damn mo.


How y'all feeling though? I want y'all to tell me how y'all feel about this bullshit ass All Star. I'm not feeling that one beat Shaq's old motherfucking black. He lost his color on tv. Shaq ain't black no more. The nigga Blue, all that mother got all that mother Shaq got in that motherfucker dark and dark. Bitch you got Michael Jackson money lighting up. God I know I'm black. Let let get that kind of Shaq mug. I won't be black this goddamn damn black. I bet you I'll be Drake. You ain't getting Dub way. No like my meat aged.


Yeah I like a tender but I like it aged. Yeah some of you motherfuckers that was outta school still dating girls in high school friends. You think you come around me and my kid? No don't wanna shake your hand no pictures, no Nole. You like little girls before I let you hug on mine and shake my mouth so be it. I'm just cheaper than one. People know. People know who would do that shit too. Once again the movie Friday. What did, what did, what did Smokey say?


Byebye. Devo. He gonna pull that sugar on No niggas on that cooler And now you remember when he went back to the movie when Red went to go get that bike, it was another big nigga over there wasn't it Michael Clark Dunk. RIP


At Planet Fitness we're declaring it. This is the year of getting stronger and future stronger. You can get started now by saving $28 or more When you join today you in we have all the best in class equipment you could ever need to keep stepping it up and free fitness training to help you mix up your routine. Plus most clubs are open 24 hours. So let's do this. Join Planet Fitness today and save $28 or more. Just $1 down $15 a month. Cancel anytime. Deal ends February 28th. See Home Club for details.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No seriously the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org brought to you by the American Lung Association and the ad council


People. Pick and choose who they do that to. Deebo knew he could do that to them. He wasn't doing that over on the other side every time. That's how you gotta start letting you oh no I'm not your baby daddy. Oh I'm not what you used to be. I'm not. I'm not a nigga. I'm v Njo. I'm be njo gonna beat some goddamn change around here. I come over here to see you. Ain't no motherfucking talking. Ain't nobody on that phone goddamnit you butt nigga face down ass got when I come over there I want you to make my God Marquette rise.


God damnit you God damn right. Make this motherfucker rise up and see if it's danger out there when that motherfucker rise and God damnit, I will attack I God damn I got a black bumper strike real quick. Four minutes. I'm wearing your ass out for four. See I'm sweating and everything. Hell I hold on. Don't see get your ass about me. I'm ia get this and once I feel that condom up you get your ass outta him. That's once I can't shape it.


I said you want something to buy but you got to go. I passed the ball. That's the problem some of y'all want y'all come over get some of that sweet ham and God damnit. You think you can lay your funky ass all up under us all damn long. Bitch I got shit to do. I get little hanging with you. You just want me to feed your hungry ass. That's what they but you going leave. You gonna be, you gonna leave with your stomach growling today. You gonna leave with your stomach growling. Come to around me getting healthy and shit. I'm feeling you up. You gaining weight. Your homegirls looking at girl you ganging weight but that nigga doing his motherfucking thing with you.


Yeah, I'm a meal to you. I'm taking care of your malnutrition as well. Guess what? And by another week they gonna think you got cancer. Oh you got cancer Because I'm cutting everything off. Not under no more. Your events, all this and that. Hair and nail tall gas in the car, kids clothes, this and that. Nigga bitch you gonna get out here and fiend for yourself. Now we got, we gotta tape we we gotta tape restore. We gotta, it's law and oil now man. Gotta take back control God. Damnit. Like I said, we ain't been in like we supposed been in some bullshit going on man.


My homeboy finna get married man and hit me up man like fine man I'm finna get married, I want you to be my best man. I'm like hell yeah that's what's up bro. Now this motherfucker done something me Every T bill, bachelor trip bill, hotel bill want be to pay for it motherfucker you found love. I gotta pay through it. You found love not me and you want a fuck never. All these I owe you fucker. You wanna get married shit. And we was on the phone all of a sudden down here. Lord please, please just crank now if you gotta pray to God that your car crank marriage should be the last motherfucking thing you do.


That's the entitlement shit you are about to get married but you want me the best man to pay for it. Yeah I guess this bitch gonna be giving me some twist in the head too because see I'm getting something. You gotta make it worth my why. Oh you a wild boy. She wild. Hell you think I'm finna spend 18 bands? Shit she my cousin working in the oil field. He always gone go on the go. Don't go go on to the oil field. I'm gonna get and get nasty. I'm feeling get nice man.


I'm just telling y'all what's going on these days man. It is. It's a lot. It's a lot to deal with. You have to keep from going crazy sometimes you gotta smoke you So you know what I'm saying. Some of you might drink, hopefully you're not alcoholics, you just drink and be cool. Some of y'all like to drink to get drunk and then get knocked out. Get hell. So I know how to hold my liquor, you know what I'm saying? If I'm gonna drink something I'm gonna drink just a little bit to get get to where I need to get to. You know I'm feeling good in my mind. I whoop every in this motherfucker. That's just the gangster in me because I'm a UNC now I'm og. That's how I feel. I whoop everybody in this motherfucker.


But I'm smart enough to know that ain't true. I know I can't fight so I'm gonna be calm, cool and relaxed. Some of y'all get to drinking and get to talking. Yeah I put something on everybody here that's, and you know some people let you talk and they ain't tripping. I know you drunk. I'm gonna take full advantage of your ass. Oh you drunk. I can put hands on you and record. Look at me beating this nigga ass up. Now the people over there might get into comments and say man do that nigga drunk.


You a motherfucking lie. So y'all tested him. Y'all gave him a a drunk tip. Stop it. Y'all not gonna take victory from me. Lie to you niggas. I'm tell y'all something True story man. A dude said something to me the other day. That nigga breath was so fun fucking funky. Jesus himself with a guy off that cross. I'm not bullshitting you and I'm not bullshitting. That nigga breath was so motherfucking funky. Jesus cries with unneeded hisself from the cross to get away from that nigga breath nigga shit was crazy diabolical all in my face nigga nigga shit nigga you can cook cancer with that damn breath.


What's that chemo nigga got chemo breath. We got to do better. Y'all ain't no other way around it. We got to do better. Y'all have a nerve. That one going highlight a female and your breast man like that nigga stop it. I be what he do because with mcas what he do? Mike b what it do man? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. You just not tuning in man. Well We talk sports we we have comedy, we we we do it live. We do it in the flesh where we show love to our people. We give 'em they flyers while they living 'cause you can't do nothing with 'em when you can got 'em down as woman in your lives right now.


Even though you do wrong and she still by you, you give her her motherfucking flowers, you go and get her car, you take it and feel it. Look you go and wash it and vacuum and all this and that. Then you come right back and you put that nasty as meat right in her mouth. Do you put it right in her motherfucking mouth. Seen some shit today that disturbed me, stirred my whole spirit. I seen a stud and a gay dude in a relationship. I ain't never seen no shit like this in my damn life. Something ain't some ain't some ain't mad or a stud. A gay woman and ad and a gay dude together.


Some ain't math. And boy I know my heavenly father ain't pleased. I know I sin. I ain't no better than the people I'm talking about right here tonight. But I know my heavenly father of the heavenly fit right now. He ain't pleased with the way we doing. He made Adam and Eve and Adam and Steve is is I ain't knocking nobody. If somebody on this show and y'all like me and I ain't knocking your more power to you brother. More women for us. See I don't discriminate and I don't hate if you want another man out there, you do your motherfucking thing. You do. You do. You do. Your thing real are talk but for me, like me, I ain't nothing like that woman with them two breasts.


Hey no God damn Right. That's all I need. But how y'all feeling overall though? I what y'all expecting from y'all basketball teams coming out the NBA break me what I'm expecting from the LA Lakers, I'm looking for us to dominate that that I'm thinking Luca. You know what I'm saying? You you know you been out four, five days. You, you didn't you you didn't even got the little surgery. You know what I'm saying? It's time to get to it y'all. I I all that we need a sin on shit. You know I feel like Kobe wouldn't give a damn if he had aing or not. Kobe. We going go make it happen Godda somebody on the Lakers got to have got to have that Kobe mentality say damnit we going to go and get it.


We gonna win Man. Like some of y'all right now, some of y'all ain't got no motherfucking money. Y'all watching me and no matter how much I try to motivate y'all, somebody on here watching this show but when they get through watching this y'all gonna go steal you. That's what somebody got in my end by fam. I appreciate all the motivation you got but I'm still broke so tonight I'm about to go steal boy that hurt me for somebody to tell me something like that.


Y'all I can't help everybody. Y'all wish I could man. People got to do what they gotta do man. My bad. Y'all just have a moment man. A lot of stuff get to me sometimes y'all y'all gonna understand though. I have a lot, a lot going on and man I be trying to push push through it, you know like I say especially coming from, I come from man I tell y'all man I come from the mud man. I come from poverty and my only goal and wish to get my people outta poverty and not even, I'm not saying my people, I ain't get something about the people I know I'm even people I don't know man.


Y'all gonna know me but y'all still come over here and watch me and support me and rock with me. That's love and I only want to give it back and I don't want nothing no glory or thing for this shit that don't mean shit to me. I genuinely wanna see people healthy and and smiling and feeling good and fathers being in their children alive and mothers being mothers and grandparents being grandparents. We not having that in today's 'cause So many of our family members are dying or in jail and children having to be raised up too fast. And man, I remember when it was all love man. I I remember we all wish to get together and eat and sing and play and love.


Now it's he got this and she got that and it's, it just ain't love family. Ain't no love in the family no more like it used to. Y'all y'all know I ain't lying. Ain't no love in the family like it used to. Too much competition going on man. People want, I do want another man. It just some people in your family or your circle you can't fuck with just certain people you can't fuck with Floyd. My bro Ace love to death. I'm never trying to compete. I know I can't fuck with champ get there. No lay over a billion.


Some of us be trying to compete when there ain't even no competition motherfucker. I'm trying to wake up the next morning dog. You can't compete with that. That's god. Huh? That's God we gotta get back to the love. When God say you can't love me and hate your brother from Wooo you ain't never seen me. God say you ain't never seen me and you love me but you hate your brother that you see hell you gonna learn some shit on real me.


You gonna learn who I am and what I do and what I represent. I love being me. I'm free. I used to have a slave mentality man I'm free. I ain't lying man. It feel good to to be free and I ain't just because I'm independent or none of that. Nah I'm talking about just free thinking, free everything. I don't think anytime something bad happened to us black people it's it's, it's the white people fault. I don't think like that. I know that's not true at all. We hold, we holding ourself back. Hell you wanna go and jump off the porch but you looking back to see somebody gonna grab each other you can be like yeah you right.


Nah nigga be uncomfortable. That's how you make it. That's how I make uncomfortable nigga I don't give a damn who going with ride with me. I'm gonna get to the mountain top. When I get to the mountain top I'm gonna reach my hand man y'all come, come here. Yeah I know you thought I was gonna leave Nelson. Man the milking honey if I'm goddamn getting land milking honey I want y'all habit to in other watching this show right now and you got one woman but you want two. Damn it get two. Who am I to tell you any difference? Huh? Too much people in the coming fighting between Drake and Kendrick, both of 'em winning and the record company is making more money than everybody.


They all winning. Y'all in the coming crying about 50 big meats. Them niggas still rich. We the ones trying to get there and I'm gonna say this and say this now and have nothing to do. Being Mitch loving to death. He ain't got nothing to do with this or any other. But we gotta stop glorifying drug dealers and kill us and start glorifying the people who went to jail or living alive for crime. Now they are home now doing great things in the motherfucking community. Them the people that we need to pray. We need to praise these hoes who take men who was violent and didn't have nothing going on in their life and change their whole mentality with their sweet minds to help them.


The people that we need to start praising. Man stop praising the people who killed the motherfucking community. Ain't nothing good about selling dope and killing your people. Oh no matter how you look at it. Yeah it's fascinating but it ain't right. Kids born with autism and and all kinds of shit going on. You know what I'm saying sometimes and it because of drugs that we pump into our very own neighborhoods then we still got to nerve blame the white man. That shit got to stop. White man ain't put no crack in neither one of our motherfucking hands We did till we change from killing one another. Shit gonna be what it is to today.


It's us. It ain't them it us to watching this show.


It's being presented by pics right on the right hand of this corner. It might be on your left hand side. Go and scan that barcode. Download pic, download it. Yo use my promo code trash with the two Hs. You bett more or less on your favorite player telling you pics is your way to go. If you ain't doing it yet and you want to do it, download it. Hit me up. I'll show you all the steps of how to make this shit happen.


If you can't watch this show, go to Apple Podcast, go to Spotify, type in the bubble dub show there. I'm let's run these views up, let's run this show up The way it need to get to this a real show. It's authentic. Ain't nothing fake about it and and and ain't. It ain't forced. It's just what it is. I'm straight drop over the stove. This ain't no microwave work. Just straight drop pa bro. Drop 21 coming back 28. Let's do better. Goddamn I'm bringing y'all heat. Damn. Y'all do rest in the end we all gonna come together. We all gonna be on a beach somewhere. Sun shining. Nothing but the best hose ever.


Nothing but the best smoke. Everybody got money. You don't know who the boss is When we pull up, when you really getting real money when your people around you, you don't even know who bossy is 'cause everybody look like money. But I don't want to just look like my man. I want to have money. I'm gonna be like Oprah nigga Coffee for you. Call for you call for you house for you house for you house for you. If you're still in the streets. Break for you, break for you now I'm just playing. I'm just, just saying I already at night Rider.


Man. You know how we rocking up around this Bubba Do show Man. Once again thank y'all for tuning in and watching The Bubba Dub Show Man. Keep your notifications on 'cause you never know when I'm going to drop Big Fight coming up. What is it? Next week? Yeah, next weekend. A big fight Tank. Davis, Lamar Roach. I can't wait in DC I can't wait. I can't wait. I know y'all probably ain't me post me Floyd Big yo today on my IG and Tank jumped in there and put Cap. Hey man, SHA out the Shaq out the tank man. I know it's all love.


But speaking of this fight, man, this gonna be a tough fight. I actually talked to a couple people in the boxing world. They actually told me Lamont Roach is better than Frank Martin. And I think Frank Martin is a phenomenal young fighter and they said Lamont Roach is better than him. So this won't just be what y'all think a easy task for Tank. Like he gonna really have to go in there and get the job done. Willie, probably. Yeah, that's Tank. You know, I, I can't go against him, but I can't be biased with Roach either. Young Fighter up and coming that see what he can do. Can he challenge the champ at the end of the day? Can he challenge the champ? That's all. I just wanna see a good motherfucking fighting. If y'all don't know Tank from Baltimore, the mom ro from DC Survivor.


If you don't know nothing about it, DC and Baltimore niggas don't get a Oh no. Don't you think that young motherfucker right there. T Davis ain't trying to knock on Ja, I'm telling Charles I can't wait. I'm gonna be there. South Haven, Mississippi. I better get the mother fucking tickets I behind on the 28th in South Haven, Memphis. Like I always say, you scared the police. Don't be Come see me February 28th. I'm in South Haven, Mississippi. We the ones tour me and Mike LPs, Corey Holcomb, Lil Duval Country, Wayne, Tony, Robert Carlo, me Mojo Rule and hi.


Hi David. Pull up. Come see me in action. Come see me in action. I'm here. I'm he. There you him there. Don't let nobody tell you you ain't you him there. You might be dying today, but you could be up the do you hear me? Thank y'all for tuning in. Peace. God bless him out The Volume.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious, one in 10 kids vape serious, which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No, seriously, the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org. Brought to you by the American Lung Association and the ad council.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.