
Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to Deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Quaker International Delight, ocos, Lalo, Starbucks, and Frosted Flakes for quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Mic D app for details.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances and with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day. After that facet was really The place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This A is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer by yourself. Securities nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


Hey there It'ss Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take care of yourself This summer and save on personal care items at your local store. Now through August 27th, get extra discounts when you purchase participating items like Dove Beauty Bar, dove body Wash dove men Plus Care, body Wash or deodorant, dove shampoo, T Trace AME Shampoo and Axe Body Spray. The more you buy, the more you save. Catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Judy was boring. Hello then Judy discovered chumba casino.com. It's My little escape Now Judy's the life of the party. Oh baby Mama's bringing home the bacon. Whoa, take it easy Judy Cmba. The Chumba life is for everybody. So go to chumba casino.com and play over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prices. Chumba Chupa casino.com. No purchase necessary for prohibited by law 18 plus terms and condition apply. See website for details.


The Volume. What's up y'all? Hey, day Monday, mother Day Monkey. How y'all feeling today? I'm feeling great. Team USA did what they were supposed to do. Be went beyond alone. Go go gadget on front. Hey hold on man. Hit that light button. He hit that like button over on this bubble duck. Hit it. Subscribe buddy. That's what you need to do. Let's go get the show start Team USA defeated friends. Winning the gold medal. That's what I'm talking about. Chef Curry was on.


That's I'm talking Step up back to back, back to three three in a row. Steph Cur hit three in a row. Threes 10 USA went on defeat friends. I loved every big of it. USA back on top again bro. Riding around gray all on his face. Buried gray like a silver back. But guess what bro got the job done and he was MVP. That's right. MVP. I love it. Lot of y'all out there mad man. Look at Tatum Holler and celebrate. They ain't even do nothing. So they was on the team though. It ain't like if they wouldn't have got in, they wouldn't have contributed. So man, stop all that haying man.


Y'all celebrate y'all gold medal man. People always got something to say today. I'm tired of plenty. Goddamn damn Marvel got something to say. Team USA did what they're supposed to do. They got a goal and that's all that mattered. We went over there And. we did our mothering job. Guess what we did? No lie. Keep your mind closed by Aunt Man fam. You got Covid, you need to be somewhere and on some damn recovery medicine or something and you doing all this stuff. Stop it. Don't wanna hear that shit. It's Monday. I just come off a long weekend down there in Shreveport with 50 Cent. We had a bow down now if everybody got get it.


Why Top Dog from TD Oh Bud Crawford there. Claressa Shields was there. Oh man. Anybody I could think of Lamar from BM man. Tommy Man Star study event. Man Crump comedy show was off the mother fucking change. Yeah, I'm on the same stage as Kat Williams, Dave Chappelle, lave Crawford, Tony, Robert, Gary Owen, DC Young Fly Ron Davis. Man you name 'em, they was there. I came through and stole a mother fucking show. Who I had fun doing it too man.


It just felt great being out there with everybody man. And for the, for the people who ain't never seen me perform or seen me in that light. For them to see me in my element doing my thing. Man, I just wanna say I just want to thank the good Lord for my gifts. Wanna thank the good Lord for me. I let my gifts go to waste like some of us do sometimes We have talent, we have gifts. And we don't use them. But I thank God for allowing me to use my gift to, to bring laughter to the world in in, in my way. You know that's, that's the thing about comedy man. Everybody got they different ways and method or doing they comedy. I got my way and I'm just thankful and and grateful.


That got the chance to kick it with Keith. Sweat. Not the chance to kick it with the og Keith Sweat man. And like I said, just being around those guys man. Some of y'all might not really know who Keith Sweat but you should. Everybody should know he's the goat. You one one the legend. There's a wrong and the right way. Look somebody wrong and the right way babe. Hey I know I can't sing but mother you get my point. You get where I'm going. This some of y'all made y'all kids Keith. Sweat ain't gonna lie. I know y'all wanna put on. Okay cool. But you got me twisted on girl.


You got me twisted over you. I know. Hey man y'all better stop sleeping on long. That key sweat ain't he A real GI ain't lie. Keith Sweat a real G. Oh y'all just being in that environment man. Just being able to be around them people. My boy, my guy pulled up on me Tmac. He pulled up to the basketball game. Man. Skill a baby skill a baby can bow. I don't even know if y'all know this or not. Skill a baby can bow. It was coming down to the end between him and Bug Crawford. Who was gonna win MVP bug in up win MVP but yeah Sha got the skill of baby man. Sha got the daba. He was in the building with me man. A real cool guy. Humble guy.


I don't know if y'all ever seen Daba body go up but that mother is mongers. He got the chest of Alaskan polar bro. I'm not playing a damn real polar bird. A wild because see this dude, he wouldn't even bother him. I'm not bullshitting you. I seen that big mother. I start to go the other way. Baby knew laughing, laughing the hell at me behind that. But I'm just telling you the people that I was around for the people who watching shows that came, I know y'all enjoyed y'all self as well. Man Cam for me, Cameron was there for me. It is what it is. We come and take on the game. Oh man we just had a ball man. I ain't, I ain't never had a time like that in my life. Me 50 chopped it up the whole time I was dying there.


That was, that was major and wasn't no wasn't, wasn't no fights, wasn't none of that going on. And that's where I like to go out and order thousands of people. Man wasn't no fights man. Everybody was on just having good time vibes and that's what it's about. You know Ho down doing what they do. Oh get nigga in I sleeve. I'm not playing. I told y'all told one you nigga you nigga nap. She told me Dov, I now when I get back home well hold do your thing. I ain't want no party of let y'all do what y'all do. I'm here for business deal for business. And I know what you're saying. Dov, you know you part of that. No I wasn't. I'm focused. I'm focused. I ain't got time for the, I'm good on that.


I'm here for the money. I'm here for the money. That's it. What sound player Good. I just came here to dance. That's it. That's me. I just came here for the money. That's it. Got time to do all that other I'm time to come up. I ain't got time for no rooms and all. Let the spread on me. Careful time to keep all my ducks. Them hole duckies. I'm not giving them duckies. No I'm not gonna be to do it. Got the chance to sit down with a legend too. Y'all gonna see it later on in this show. I got a chance to sit down with a legend. Yeah she called herself the goat Yo Carissa Seals. Y'all gonna be able to see it later on in this show. Oh I got to sit. I aint chop it up with her man.


Man we had fun man. Y'all gonna love this interview I did with her. Oh I guess I had a great time man. You know we still got the hell no segment on this show today as well. Trash of the day. You know what I'm saying? It is what it is man. Matter of fact that's the get into that Hell no segment man. That's the only get into that today Show. He knows what he saw and he Somebody hit me up Doug. Man you thinking about having more kids? Hell no. I want no more motherfucking kids. Them kids close. Damn School, school supply shit. 25.


25 clothes and shoes and backpacks and getting hurt done. And I got two girls, shit 25. Shit I don't want no more kids. The two I got, I'm done. Think about going to get clip, I'm somebody else hit me up too. You ever think you'll be an Uber driver? Hey no Get put the strangers in my car, shit. You dunno if they got weapons or not. Shit. You not riding me. Go here, go here. Pull around motherfucker. I'm going with a G Ps a. Put your ass outta here. That's far as I'm going. I'm not doing all that. Then y'all be wanting to talk. Hey where you from?


How long you been driving none of your motherfucking business. I'm taking you from point A to point B. That's it. End of the conversation. I'm not trying to get to know you. I'm not trying to do none of that. You leave something in your, you leave something in my car. Shit you get left phone off. Leave 10,000 in my car and think you gonna call me. Hey I left us a month shit. Ain't no money in this motherfucker call. Yeah fine. Let people's mind. Damn right that's, I drove around him trash other day. The Houston police Department beating up on that black man. Look at police, you know I love you. You know we on the same team but you can't keep beating us up like this.


I'm tired of it. I'm tired of looking at the camera. Y'all on top of it beating us up. Spitting on her, telling her stop resisting mother motherfucker. Stop hitting me. Stop hitting me. I already got my hand behind my back. I'm in fucker I can't stop it. It's like we having the same old mothering conversations but I tell you what, since you polices wanna keep putting y'all hands on innocent people and ain't since y'all wanna keep doing that, y'all gonna keep getting this motherfucking jail time too. You beat this young man.


Yeah you put your hands on. Somebody gonna lawfully the police. You ought to get five years and stop all that shit and all that killing people and all. That'll stop all that shit understood if it was justified because if it ain't justified, don't be putting your hands on people. That shit ain't right man. Now that ain't cool. And I know sometimes I ain't just saying black people. I'm saying people in general, we, you know, sometimes we be bullshitting. We don't really wanna, know what I'm saying, cooperate. Sometimes they ain't have to use force on us. But if I, if I'm doing everything you tell me to do and you use force on me, that's a problem. That's a world problem that we having in the United States today. Our polices just simply not doing their job.


They, they they, they, they, they abusing their power is what I'm saying. They abusing their power and I'm tired. Harry Tubman was tired. Martin Luther King was tired. Martin Luther King, fat ass. Jesse Jackson was tired of it. Fat ass ass short. Oh my bad ass soft ain't fat no more thin ass. We're tired of it man. We're tired of the abuse. We tired of the neglect. We're tired of the way we being treated around this motherfucker. We want, we wanna be equal too. We wanna be mother equal too. That's all I'm saying man. And then you get in the relationship with these women. They, they want everything to be equal and I, I don't want all that. I want a female who got father problems.


I want a female right now that's fighting for custody of her kids. I want a female that getting 2000 a month on child support. That's what I want. That's the kind of motherfucking woman I want in my life. That ain't got nothing going on for sir at all. I bring Chick-fil-A in her, her her her, her eyes light up. Her kids eye light up. They ain't never had Chick-fil-A that's the kind of mother woman I want in my life. A woman who ain't never had nothing. That's what I want. Fuck being equal in relationship. I'm the head, I'm the boss. That's what I want. Know how y'all feeling But that's how I'm feeling. Make sure y'all hit that light button. Make sure you hit that scribe button man. Make y'all better tune into me when I drop.


I'm not playing with y'all man. Being a fair preseason and picked up Cowboy Lost by one point re damn Trey Land. Don't look what a damn to me. I want Cooper Rush. I'm saying it right now. I don't want no damn Trey Land. I want Cooper Rush. We everybody know who Trey Land is. I want Cooper Rush motherfucker star him and you know Right Now that don't do what you, you don't do what you supposed to do. Dak Tammy put Rush in there. Watch him do what it do man. Y'all watch.


Y'all ready for this interview. Me and Clarissa Seals the goat. Y'all. Y'all ready? Y'all better act like y'all ready man. Y'all check this interview out. Me, Carissa Seals the goat. We have a ball down there in street. Poor man. Check it out. I told y'all I gonna getting y'all more interviews, I'm not playing with y'all. Dub is on the way. We on the way over here and don't forget football season here. You wanna come out to the game with me? You got a chance. How we got a chance? Do sharing my content, jumping in the coming section come in. Hell, that's how you can get food out to the game and be involved in the bubble dub show. Letting you know. I always tell my new subscribers thank y'all for subscribing but you can be a part of this show as well.


Remember that Y'all want to ask me questions, text me eight, you know what I'm saying? 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51. Text me some hell no. Some trash other days or some stuff that I ain't bring to mind. We could talk about it. I know I said something about Serbia. I forgot Yoki was on that team. My bad. I down there in street poor. I made that just mine wasn't completely there. But yes, Yoki is on that team. I truly apologize for that. I know a lot of y'all been hitting me up, man. Reo Jose Venezuela ain't, ain't nobody I know that. And I wasn't saying it like he wasn't on nobody. What I was saying was nobody really knew who he was before that fight. I was saying that Pit Bull, that was a tune up fight to get the tank.


That's all I was saying. But everybody no found out because he went in there and handled his motherfucking business. Yeah, he handled his business just because he went there. His business. I'm saying so of y'all saying now Fight Tank. He better leave that motherfucking monster alone. He ain't ready for that yet. He ain't there. Let him keep and but y'all didn't, he ain't done yet. But I'm gonna see y'all again when I see y'all man y'all check this interview out with me and Carissa said, man it was a dope interview. If y'all don't know who she is, you about to know now, man. She's one of the, she's the best female box in the game right now. She can move up and show me divisions to fight.


Matter of fact, I'm done talking. Let's get straight to it.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from all free and clear detergent for a healthy routine. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take care of yourself This summer and save on personal care items at your local store. Now through August 27th, get extra discounts when you purchase participating items like Dove Beauty Bar, dove body Wash dove men plus Care, body wash or deodorant, dove shampoo T trace a shampoo and axe body spray. The more you buy, the more you save. Catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Mo Do Us Visit modo.us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and Casino Holden. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins and exciting promotions. Register today@mmodo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello Joe. Alright everybody, welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dove. Today we got a special guest in the building today. We got a goat in the building. We got one of the arguably the best female boxers of all time. We got Claressa Shields the goat in the building. How you doing mama? I'm good. What's up over There? I'm I'm great man. How you, how you enjoying your time out here? We know we in Shreveport 50 Cent event. How you enjoying yourself? I'm loving it. You loving it? Oh man, I'm loving. Listen, I got on stage 50 Cent perform with me on stage. Had my belts announced me up front. I done got to meet all my favorite actors.


They got to meet me too 'cause they was all fans for sure. I didn't even know. But it's been a great experience all the way around. Like, I can't believe that Shreveport is this lit it crazy. Yeah, it's it's definitely lit out here. This them ho lit too boy See ho having the time they life out here. And, and that's a great thing too because you know, sometimes ho be getting mistreated, but this week they, they getting treated like the queens that they really are they getting, they they getting the money they deserve. You know what I'm saying? I mean them Strippers at 50 pounds. All them girls went home happy as hell. I know I was able to buy a couple of 'em, some new Crocs. So that's gonna go a long ways, you know what I'm saying? Can't be out here. Can't be out here doing what you doing Crocs.


But nevertheless though, I'm just, just sitting back just in awe of you honestly though. Just the way you carry yourself, the way you, the way you move. You know, you a five times division champ. Yeah. How like let's, let's, let's talk about the way you've been able to move up through the ranks. Let, let's talk about that. Like, You know what, honestly, since I started my career, I only got 15 fights, you know, so be a 15 world, 15 time world champion. 15 fights now five divisions. I started off just like, I wanna fight against the best. So I had 2, 3, 4 fights calling out the girls that had the belts, these girls had 20 fights, 10 knockouts, 18 fights, 11 knockouts. Like these girls was really good.


But I knew that I was good at the beginning to call out these girls and had a team with me to be like, hey, let's make this big fight. So I started beating them and right after I came out the Olympics I started beating them and beating them and beating them. Like the belts just racked up. But everything else that has come with boxing has been like crazy. All I wanted to do is be a world champ. Yeah. I ain't really want the whole, I don't like, like the celebrity and role model and yeah. Like I didn't know, but now I'm looking like, you know what, you was a superstar so you have to be a superstar. But I, I'm still like with the whole thing, I keep boxing first. That's what's important. So when it even comes to like the looks and all that, I know girls who wanna ring and fight with makeup.


I'm not doing that stupid. Don't get your fucking eyelash knocked Off. Yeah. Because you the one that's gonna knock 'em off. Yeah, but I don't a you you ever had eyelash get in your eye, you know, 'cause you a man eyelash, get in your eye man you be fucked up. So for me, I'd be like, listen man, I gotta go on there bare face. My Queen Latifah braids for sure. I gotta go in there and scrap how I scrap. And after that we can throw the wig on with makeup on. So that's the difference. Trying to figure out with, with women's boxing, the boxing part has always been down pack. Now I'm like how do you mix that with the, I mean the beauty and the beast part and up at first I was just, I was just the motherfucking beast. I ain't give I don't care. But that what makes you great. You going give a damn how you look in that ring.


Nope. You, you coming to kick ass. We can look good later. We can play little later we kill yo because that's what you do. Yeah. Know this, this last fight you just had. I was gonna get to it. But you know three knockdowns and you know, you you mean business when you come into that ring, how do you prepare for a fight though? Like, You know what, first of all people think that prepare for, for a fight is only training. You gotta have your mental together and everything. To me, boxing is 80% mental, 20% physical. So for me, the first thing I do, I start back praying, taking my notes, getting me right spiritually and then I go to camp. So when you get said spiritually, that mean you ain't fucking him in training. What? Don't touch me.


No, but I respect it. I understand You can't do that. You can't do none of that. Three Weeks is like, I can't do that three weeks leading up to the fight. It is just now in the amateurs has to go six weeks. Yeah. But no, but no none of that. No Now that I'm pro now it's three weeks. You can't, I can't, I'll poke your back up. Might not get done. But every time you move you going to feel it on your back. But why would you put somebody through temptation who you know, like, look, that's the reason why I don't do it. Because you imagine right, trying to fight off a pit bull and you just got done having sex. How do you feel? You have sex, you feel relaxed, all calm and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But you got a pit bull on your ass. Yeah. Whatcha gonna do?


You gonna get ate the fuck up. Correct. So for me it's like I'm getting inside the ring and I, and I know what I wanna do to these girls, but you gotta understand what these girls wanna do to me. Me Yeah. Is way worse than what I wanna do to them. I just wanna win a fight, you know, dominate them. They wanna knock me out because them knocking me out, beating me up. Gonna change their whole life. Oh yeah, that's yeah. Put that section on hold. I don't give you shit. For sure. I mean and that's what it's about though. It, it is not about they, it's about your career. It is about your craft. A lot of people they want it but they don't wanna work for em. But do good things. It takes to, to get to that next level. And I think I see a lot of boxers now in the, in the men's division, you know, they, they start getting money, they start getting the Fame right.


And now they, they coming in and camp overweight. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Not mentally focused on the things that what got 'em there. It's the little things that count. But with you, I always see you, you know, you promoting yourself and just being honest. I feel like women boxes is not promoted like the way it should be. The lights is not gonna because you really in that division kicking ass. You a heavyweight champion of the world. Yep. I'm talking about he I'm talking about from five division just moving up. Like you say you only have 15 fights, but to be able to just move up, move up and not only kick ass you talking ass. Yeah. And, and letting the people know I'm gonna kick such and such ass. Yeah. And and you doing that, you, you putting asses in seats.


It's a great thing to watch. And like I said, this last fight, sorry I didn't even make it. I have a show. I know you talk shit to me about it, But Oh, it's okay. But I fight again December 11th and you better have your ass. I'm I'm, I'm gonna be there front row. Okay. I'm, that's my word on that. I'm gonna be the front row. And just being honest with you, even though you don't need it, I'm going to help promote the show. I'm going to help bring more awareness to female boxing as well. That is what, that's why I, that's why I do what I do. So the whole thing about personal relationships is understand that friendships are give and take. Understand that I have a bag to make. I got a brand too. I am the best female fighter in the world, you know what I'm saying?


But people who don't respect the sport, it's like, it's not, it's not my job to make you respect the sport. It's my job to keep putting on. So when I tell all my celebrity friends, y'all just come to the building builds my brand up for sure. People just them being able to show that you on the camera. Are you there? Same shit that sets son baby you from Detroit. I fought in Drake and you my homeboy, you supposed to been there for sure. So Now that I'm letting people know, like it's not about me, just one of y'all there. It's about one the support and two, I know how big I am. It's for all of us to let everybody else know how big we are because people don't, we already know everybody don't want everybody to win.


Correct. If you want your, if you want your friend to win, you gonna show up for them Every time. And that's, that's why I say I already got that, Lord, let me look and see it. That, that, that deck is already marked off for you when you told me other day December 11th. I'm there. My team gonna be there. We're gonna be in full support. We gonna write a shirt, the goat shirt. You gonna see that you, you God gonna let you see it because if you don't see December 11th, I'm still gonna come whoop your ass after. That's the thing, you know I got a mess with you about this. I ever put hands on one of your boyfriends. I ain't gonna lie to you. Yeah. But it was so it was, Did you hurt him when you hit him though? Just be real. So look, this was back when I was, how was I 29?


I was 21. I'd been in a relationship for a couple years. One, lemme just start, lemme just rewind something. I started boxing at age of 11. Okay. So I'm boxing with all boys and men at the gym. Age 11. I had a boyfriend from, so I didn't ever have a boyfriend until I was like 16, 17. Okay. We was together four, five years. Now at the time I'm in a space where it's like, I don't really know like this whole woman stuff, but I, but I, but I, but I learned one thing. You put your fucking hands on me, it's going down for sure. So we was arguing to get into it and then, and he slapped me. Yeah. I don't know what made him do that. I can't even remember. But when he went to slap me, boom, I just remember being like straightest right hand I ever threw, I knocked him out, he flew into me And, we put a hole in the damn so bow, I cracked him and he fell into me.


But after that I said, you know what Lord, gimme the strength to not put my hands on these, on these men. You didn't go back to 'em did you? No, we, no, no, No, no. I went back to your inner goddamn way. Knocked me out. That relationship was Oh Yeah. No, no, no. Well I, I ended up with him. But it's a still thing of just, I don't look at fighting that way. You know what I'm saying? Like I look at a fight as in a fight. People say men and women and all that stuff. Listen, no man should put their hands on a facts. Facts. But no woman put their hands on a man either. You know? Correct. Correct. So I'm just like, if it's gonna be a fight, my mind is not generated to think like, oh this a man, let me not fight him. It's generated to go like if you hit me, I hit your ass back. That's it.


'cause that's, I knew we gonna condone a domestic violence. No, this woman here, I knew she was crazy and not just saying in a bad way, but I knew you was with the shit when you called out Keith Thurmond. I said oh yeah, home girl with the shit. She calling out Keith Thurmond. He's old as he Ain't boxing no more. Man. He need to hang it up. Thur. Where you at fam? Fam say you need to hang it up. Man. You know what, look this is the thing with, with Thurner, he would be thinking I'll be tripping. I have a lot of respect for these man boxers. All of them. But he, he talking like he, that dude when he talking about some, first of all I asked to spar, I didn't ask to fight him in a fight.


Yeah. But then he got talking trash. I'm like well yeah I'll fight him. You know what I'm saying? Whatever. But I said I'll, I'll box him. I didn't say I'll knock him out. He's trash. I didn't say none of that. But he Mr two Shine world champ, Mr. Injured, Mr. Lost the al wanna talk shit to me talking out some. Oh yeah. If I get in the ring with Clarissa, I would wear headgear and I would wear 20 ounce gloves and I would use one hand. First of all, you would get fucked up. I'm a 185 pound woman. You walk around at 1 50, 1 60. I don't give fuck and I can box Real woman. I'm Not finna go in there and you know the wind meal, I throw this motherfucker straight. So him talking about some beat me with one hand, I'm gonna make you used to, you gonna be pissed off at me when you're done.


So that was my issue with him. But overall I think Keith Thurman, he's a solid fighter but he ain't fought in two, three years. Yeah. You can't come off the bench and beat at the goddamn champ. I don't care if I am a woman. That's what they be talking about. Oh yeah. She's a woman. Like just 'cause I ain't got no penis don't mean that I can't fight. I can fight my ass off and been fighting against men my whole life. So it'd be like when they be talking that stuff, it just be irritating me. 'cause it's like you in there went to no goddamn Olympics. Keith Two time, two time Olympic old. You ain't got 15 world titles Keith. Yeah. And then just be talking like he just like, he, I thought, I thought Sean Porter beat him. So that's why I be like, you know him just talking that stuff be like, you know what, I'm gonna go and call my brother Bud on you and then Bud gonna whoop your ass.


Keep talking like that. Oh for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to Bud man. I seen y'all on the basketball court yesterday at at, at the celebrity basketball. Bud won MVP at that MVP. Ain't he just great in everything that he do. That's crazy. Just fought, just kicked ass. Yep. And then able come out here with us and play ball, played the whole game. Different Type of champion. I ain't never seen nothing like it. Nope. But, but you know we ain't never seen nothing like you either. And I know the casual fans gonna jump out there. Layla Lee, she was great. But what this woman is doing now, man, like I say, moving up through the ranks, I feel like, and you might not like this word, but I feel like you not appreciated as you should be.


It just us men. It's a men's driven world. We know that. Especially in sports, but Well it's a, it's a men driven sport, you know. So we talking about women's boxing just got included in the Olympics 2012. I was 17 when I did that, when I won the Olympics there. So with women's boxing now people have to realize that when I turned pro in 2000 was that 16, 17? A woman hadn't fought on TV in 20 years. Yeah. So it's like trying to build a sport that's dead. And I'm coming off of Hood Chick, Flint, Michigan, Olympic Gold Medals, whatever, whatever You say Flint. Yeah, Flint, Michigan Walker still fucked up up there. Yep.


That's crazy man. I need to fix that damn water Man. You ain't lying about that. So you know, when I, when I fight, I wear the blue braids. That's in honor of the water crisis to let everybody know that it's still going on. And if anybody wanna help Flint, you need to be sending pellets of water whenever you, whenever you can. I, I think if you take the pallets of water to churches, they distribute 'em the best. I can't send no water up there. I can send some honey packs to a couple of niggas up there or something. Man. Honey Packs. Why y'all send honey packs? Shit, They help 'em out. What? Help 'em out. You have the fellas out women too. Y'all can take the hundred packs too. It give you energy to, to overcome that. The water crisis. Like instead of drinking no water, water's good for you. Hundred pack is good for you too honey.


P does should make you horny. No, no, no. That's a, that's a lie. It give you endurance and you a boxer. You know all about endurance baby. Yeah, just to get some regular honey. Why gotta use a honey pack? No, it's to pack you going regular honey. You don't need that. That's when griz, they burn something out. You get the honey pack. I'm not about to po you look it, it give you, it give you endurance to, to toand all that shit. People Need water And honey pack. I'm surviving right now. Both. But you got water. You got Water. But if you take the hundred pack away from me, I'll die. I don't wanna live without it. Something wrong with you. I'm just saying though. But back to the Flint. Where you from?


Flint, Michigan? Yep. You work a blue thing on your head braid and to let the people know you're still a water crosses in Flint, Michigan right now. What can we do to get that fixed? I mean, I know all kind of people been advocating for it and talking about it. What can we, can we, can we talk to Kamala Harris about this shit? Oh, and she's on the president. Huh? How you feel about that? A woman man, I'm talking about a woman of your color that, you know what I'm saying? You look in the mirror, you can see yourself around. How do you feel about Kamala Harris could potentially be president of the world? You know what, Craig? The Simpsons ain't got it wrong yet. Hey there. So there's some spooky shit going on with them. Simpsons. Yes, they ate it. Lisa had her on a purple suit and she was sitting in them in the damn White House office.


She was the president. So I think that I may love Kamala. You hear me? I work ka hair Harris's ass out. No condom either. Shit. I trust her shit. She, she high up. What I Was saying about her was no, I see. I think that she, that she can do it, you know? Yeah. And I think that is big for the time that we're in for people to see that, you know, this whole men, women and men thing and color and all that shit. It, it's, everything is trying to divide the world. Well it's been divided itself, But anything come back together though It never been together.


No, You're right. It ain't never Been together. You're right. Because America was never great. Correct. But I'm saying I think that with her becoming president, it'll stop the whole men run the world thing. It's like this is the work that got women and men in it. They gonna still come. I feel like I understand. I and I like your logic on that, but I always feel like presidents or puppets, I feel like somebody else pulling the is on. That's how I always honestly, honestly feel that way. Like they, they, they, they are the head but they really not in controlling them because they got to take everything that everybody else to get it approved. Yep. And most of the time they gonna approve that shit. So it's like, are you really the head? You know what I'm saying? Are you really in charge as soon If They can make that they got certain powers, but it don't matter who the president is the world gonna be how it's gonna be?


I think the president supposed to just make like a tough decision. I hope Don don't nobody put us in war. You know what I'm saying? For sure. But honestly, at the end of the day, I won't, I don't wanna endorse somebody. I but No, no, no. That's, that's, that's exactly what we not doing. We not, I'm saying like as far as in like the whole thing, I think that Kamala is a great Candidate. Okay, let me say this. Yeah, let's, let's make it even more better. I got Megan, the stallion Glower Cardi B, which woman that will make a great president, Cardi B Glower or Megan thee stallion. Damn Right. You fucking know Cardi B and make a great president.


Is you crazy? I gotta go with Cardi B. She seems like she's smart at all on like little rilla. I seen her on that. What the fuck? She's on cnn. I said, oh my god, this girlfriend got on here. He said at the end of the day today, I said Rilla so crazy. But Megan, I I believe that she's very smart and she, but nah, no. I think we need to go more of the Cardi B route I think. Okay. Gimme your, we going go back to these sports right quick. What you gimme your tie five boxes of all time men and go women, whoever, whoever, however, just like all time. Yeah, all the time.


Muhammad Ali. Okay. Sugar Ray Robinson. Okay. The Lewis Floyd Mayweather. Only five. One more. I said Floyd already. Yep. You said Champ. I'm gonna throw Terence Crawford in there and then I'm gonna throw myself in there as like a honorary. I thought you were gonna throw yourself in there. Yeah, I do. A six. What is he about Bud you? Like, like what do you see from Bud? He ain't scared of nobody. You know, like I've, I've been in training camp with him and I've seen him train like his mental always like, look at his mental, he don't let nothing get to him.


You know what I'm saying? Like even if it do get to him, he don't, he don't show it like me and Bud close, like if I'm going through something, I hit him up. You know what I'm saying? Or like, if you think I'm going through something, he'll hit me up. Let's talk about that. The, like you were saying, the relationships behind the scenes, nobody knows. Yeah. Like you say, if you need anything and guidance or if he need y'all hit one another and discuss these things. I think that is dope as hell that y'all, that y'all do that and you say his mental, like you, you keep reverting back to mental. Yeah. To, so what you say boxing is more al than physical? Absolutely. Like yeah, you need the physical part, but if this ain't together, then it's really hard to be successful because you, me, every other celebrity is judged every day by people who don't know shit about what we're doing.


Oh, if I was you, I would've done this. If I was, I would've wore that. If I, if I was you, I would've fought this way, fought that way. Everybody got an opinion. And, if you ain't mentally strong, you would start living by the compliments. But if you live by the compliments, you would die Die by. Die By the Insults. Die by the insults. That's right. I'm Like, for me it's like keeping the mental part is like kind of the strong part is this is your circle. This is who you listen to. Everybody else to me is a op because mm. Big op No like they the op because they don't wanna see you win for real. And people that's coming with negative comments and being mean to being rude, we go through shit too.


Depression, anxiety and anxiety with, they don't know that, but they just out there every day trying to tear people down every day. And then you never know, like something may be the breaking point for a celebrity. Like if they read something that you say or whatever, but they don't think about that. They just say whatever and then want us to be celebrities and they're not. And then not say nothing back and just have to deal with the criticism and the, and the insults and all this stuff. And to me that's what you gotta have a strong mind for. Like I, I talk to a lot of people, like I say checking on Shakur, I say checking on Devin for sure. Fuck Ryan. He's a little weird ass. But did you see that shit? The, the, the way Shaki went about acting?


Huh? People say a few things about him. He start getting mad defensive Shakur. Yeah. Listen, He young and I get it, you know he, he's young and I, and I understand that But this the thing, this the thing because Shakur my baby, I'm gonna think about that. Shakur had been holding that shit in the whole time. He leading up to the fight. People talking about Shakira talking about he's a track star talking about this and that. He just trained and kept his head down. So now he win the fight and he gotta do it up on they wheels. People still complaining, still crying. Listen, I was there in person.


I enjoyed the fight. I like him too. But, but it, it just for me, I like him but his mouth didn't. Yeah. Yeah. So that, that's my point. That was my, my problem. When you say you Gonna whoop somebody ass. Now, now that's, you gotta whoop they ass Now court wanna fight. No, He wanna fight easily, easily wanna fight. But everybody hasn't got to their, everybody hasn't got to their whole, I'm about to prove a, prove a point to you people. You gotta build that up there.


You know what I'm saying? Me, I hear what people be saying like the last couple years they've been calling me pull offense the last couple years. Oh I ain't knocking nobody out. I'm just beating these girls up, you know, decision now. But as they was doing that, I was in the gym working like, you know what? But every fight I still predict I'm finna knock a girl out, knock a girl out. I ain't had a knockout in seven years until two weeks ago. So when I got my knockout, but I had been building to that. Correct. Every day in the gym I'm working, but every fight I'm like, I'm gonna knock this girl out. The girl I just knocked out said Clarissa, you don't knock nobody out. I said, well you'll be the third person I knock out you. I I'm, I'm knocking you out. And it was all on Twitter, whatever. Oh pillow, fist at it again. Clarissa can pun blah blah.


And now I knocked this girl straight the hell out. Yeah. Second round heavyweight division. And now everybody like, oh we knew she had power. I never listened to that. I fight dudes in the gym. You think? I don't know I that I got power. I know you got power that say you knocked her cycle off. That's her hard, you hear her what her cycle, her period. Yep. That say you knocked her cycle off. Swear to God say she was on period. Say you hug us, your heart. It went off. I said God damn. I don't know what happened. I remember first she tried to sneak me. That's what I remember. Like one I'm, I'm holding the telephone. The ref broke us 'cause we got tangled up. And when the ref broke us, she just ran up on me. I wasn't, I was of course I'm looking at her 'cause I don't take my, take my eye off my brain for sure.


But she ran above me, just started swinging. If you look at the fight, I don't think she landed out one punch because I didn't wanna know what the Mac way punches felt like. Yeah, I wanna get my shit off and get up outta here. So boop boop boop, I got the slipping slipping B bop B caught her on the chin, she goes down. I was shocked myself. Yeah. But, but to piggyback Officer Shari, my thing was, my thing was, and he deserved these fights, these big fights that he want. But we live in a time now where people wanna see excitement. I guess what we in right now, they they they, they, they'd rather not see a good fight. They'd rather see excitement over of over a good fight. And That's they god, that's they own goddamn problem. Correct. I get punched 6% in my fights, six out of a hundred defense immaculate.


Correct. I don't wanna get punched by you. Correct. Sha court is the same way now they give out all these fight over the years and all this bullshit. When people have close fights, they get into wars. Everybody don't wanna do that. And that's not what boxing is. It is a sweet science. So it's not his job to go out there and be exciting me. I'm gonna go out there and be exciting just because I like the whole part of war thing. Like I wanna fight, I wanna scrap with you. I wanna see what's up. I'm gonna start the party with a big rock hand and, and let you know I hate your ass in here because you trying to take everything from me. Now on the other hand, there is fights where my last fight I was being, I was gonna knock her out in the fifth round.


I thought I was being smart, you know, first round I barely threw no punches. And then second round I started letting my, I started letting my hands go. But it's still like a sweet sign. You gotta weigh it out and there's an opponent in front of you. But we all know our strengths and our weaknesses. And with Shakur, he's not the perfect fighter yet. He's building up to that. He's building, he's building. So I think that Shakur gonna show up in those big fights when like the, when like the time comes, like I have seen Shakur do some, like I went to the Olympics with him. He can fight. Ain't no doubt he can fight His ass off. But I'm saying these other fighters who be these guys are, these niggas are cop outs. They, they're copping out. Oh I don't wanna fight against him 'cause he boring if he boring make him not boring and beat him up.


Correct. They all, he taking a cop out. Isaac k Bull Cruz cop out. Oh I don't he gonna run from me. No, he gonna outbox your ass and Shakur can stay in a pocket with Cruz and still beat him too. He can do it just about when it's time to do it. Cruz gotta force him to do it because if you let Shakur move around and box you, he gonna beat your ass because it's a, it's ano it's his opponent's job to cut the ring off. But if you don't cut the ring off, you can't be mad that Sha court took the, took the easiest route. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And just box it outta you for sure. That's his Job. Yeah, but I'm looking at it as, as his, if his business pay-per-view. Yeah. How can I get the people to come watch you when they feel like you're not exciting?


And I get what you're saying 'cause they said the same shit about Champ Floyd. But, but Chimp was exciting because people was coming to watch him lose. Yeah. They, they wanted him to lose. They de had Floyd for sure. Oh for sure. Yep. So I'm saying is his defense is immaculate. And I talked to Floyd about this, I talked to Roy Jones Jr. And them about this, his defense in Kinan is when he make a miss Make a pay, That's all. Yeah. Right. But like you say, he's young, he's learning. But that's all I was saying. And I think a couple people, you know, some, a couple people get saying he would get and just that haters. But at the end of the day, if he want them big fights and, and all every fight want big fights. Every fight want big pay because y'all in there potentially could have get, you know, brain damage.


This is a dangerous sport that y'all, that y'all in and people gotta to understand that don't know about gonna make you hit in their Head more, more boxers die in the ring than any other sport. Correct. Even MA more boxers die than any other sport. Correct. But I'm not gonna sit up here and keep saying like, I'm not, not if I'm secure, I'm gonna do this and that and then we tune into this fight and and you going, you win. Right. No, no matter what you win. But it's not exciting. You know, I think And I mean exciting. I ain't talking about Knockout 'cause everybody's not gonna be a knockout artist, knock, knock artist. Yeah, I'm talking about like you say sweet sign, make somebody miss, get back outta that. Yeah. You, you make a miss. But you when but when you jump back, you so far out of pocket you can't even hit them Because you, you, you, you, You, you back out the way again until you get back in the pocket to hear them.


Yeah. And when they swing they miss. Instead you being able to count 'em, you gonna kinda show down far away. He gotta work on it. You know what I'm saying? But I think It Takes time. I think y'all wanna see him in a war and I think that he's too smart for that. But if you get the big fights, you're gonna see a difference. Shakur. Now I, okay, I pick your word on Guy's talking about they're not gonna fight him because of this and because of that. Listen, I'm here to tell you right now, tank. I got in my little, my little problems with him. But the nigga is a great fighter man. He is like, he's great. He don't fall under pressure. He got punching power, he fast, explosive, he got hands, I like Tank, right?


But also came up with Tank and Amateurs. Tank got out boxed a lot in amateurs, silver gloves, any other tournaments. He didn't wanna go to the Olympics. It was dudes out there moving worse than Shakur. So my thing is Shakur Ken bang Ken Box and I think that he's a better boxer than Tank. Now is he a knockout artist? No. But that fight Shakur got enough power and the skillset to wear. He can offset some stuff with Tank. Tank knows that. And if, and if and if Shakur so easy to be all Tank ain because y'all talking that shit to me.


Me. If, if Sha so easy to be tanked and just fight them and do it. But go back to this, you said like you say, it's so easy and you should do it. Sure. That's the same way people feel about bud fighting English boots. You see where I'm going with this? You funny. And the reason why I'm going with this out, 'cause I know Bud now. Yeah. And I, and I understand the business. Yeah. I know you could fight, but it ain't, it ain't ing me to fight you right now. I gotta get, I gotta get these dollars. Key word is right now Bud send, he sends some shit to, for, to fight Boonie, I mean to fight and it's some time ago.


And they said no at the time. He be mad that Terrance kept moving forward and going up. Yeah, because let's not forget, boost was also calling out Earl Spence was he not? Yes he was. But the Don Terrance beat Earl Spence. Correct. So now Let's not, this my thing with fighters. You can't skip the elevator. Terrance is here, he didn't beat boom, boom, boom. Whoever boots gotta beat those same guys. Right? Yeah. So go in, go and fight Spence per se. Go and fight Spence going fight Madrid dog fight. I just sat there fight. I don't think nobody want going there with that one. Aint going There. Go there and fighting him. What y'all though? What? What his way?


Where he at? Where Charlo? Charlo at 54. Where your ass at? Char. He been missing in action. All that. Come on fam. Come on Charlo. All that mental health issues, shit. Going to jail. Get it together fam. What about that dude? A doula Mason? What? What what, what, what way do you want? He cold. Oh My god. What got something? Ooh, that boy's special. He in the same way club with Devin now? Nah, he in the weight. He bigger One 20. Oh, he little smaller. Oh, he One 30. He's, but he's Close. Couple more years. Hip Up. Hey man, that, you know what, I think he in the same weight class as Keshawn. Okay. I feel like, but that's one 30 in it. Yeah's one. Oh that I saw that boy fight. I said, oh my God.


I don't even be, you know, like the, the guys are coming up and they don't really be like following me or engaging with me. I don't really engage with them because he be like, y'all just be smelling on self too much for sure. But I seen that dude. I said, boy, come here. I took a picture with him. I said, I already know. And soon as the future come for you all you gonna be so special. He got like a nice little family around him and you could tell he don't drink, he don't smoke. I don't even know the boy got a girlfriend. Like he just Locked in like that. Locked, locked in. And I was like, man, that's, that's a special kid, man. How, How critical is it having a good team around you? Honestly, in, in, in, in boxing and what you do. I mean, it's very critical and it's, and it's hard to find that team too.


Mm. You know, I think when they like come to a team, you gotta realize that some people, they just there for a season, man. You be wanting 'em to be there for a long time. People on your team. But the seasons change and people change. And when you start getting money, people change. I I was just trying to bring that up. How has that impacted your life? You know, getting Fame getting money and different people start coming into your life now. How, how have, how have Clarissa been able to deal with that? Listen, I got about three friends. I used to have a group of, I had me six, seven best friends I had. I was hanging around with this person, that person. I had my groups now it's like, yeah, I got, I got about three folks and even family and it's probably about three, four of them I got, I got big family.


But mm. When God give you a sense of discernment, you gotta listen to it. You know what I'm saying? It's, everybody can't go. Everybody can't go. Like, it's sad, you know, but at the end of the day, I found so much freedom in just accepting it for what it is. Like, hey, somebody do something, somebody disrespect you. Somebody be disloyal and stuff. They gotta go, somebody making you feel. See people got this thing you up here, right? You bubble dub. You the man. I ain't nobody man. Oh Man, okay. You the man, but you got people who was around your circle before. I know it. Who want to let you know bubble you nigga you came from here, you ain't nothing special.


Yeah, you is trash. You, you ain't nothing. Not, oh, you, oh you think 'cause you doing this and talk to that person that you special, you ain't nobody and they wanna keep you, you up here, you feeling like this? They wanna keep doing this. Yes. Yeah. Keep doing that. And you sitting there like, you kind of start accepting it because this person's close to you, but you, it's a little voice in your head be telling you that motherfucker wrong. But it'd be hard to say that somebody close to you was a hater. That they don't want you to win. When you gotta accept that somebody who you love, who you cherish, who like your friend, your family, that they don't want you to win. They wanna keep bringing you down. You gotta let 'em go. You hurt it, it, it like hurt worse than the breakup, I think.


Oh, for sure. Do you? No, that's big fat. I been, I deal with that. I deal with that now. And sometimes people be, how can I put this word, man, they entitled, entitled, entitled to your success. Who we Oh. They do things that they normally wouldn't do, like go out and blow they money and feel like they could hit you and think you gonna be able to save them. And that's just not the case. No, it ain't the case. You need to save your money up. Quit buying that liquor and that and that weed and stuff and that weeds. Yeah. I had somebody hitting me up one time say, man, you think you can buy me something to smoke, man, I don't support habits. I'll buy you something to eat or some stuff like that. But I'm not gonna support your habit of buying you drugs. I don't support drugs by the way.


We don't, we're don't support drugs on this show or nothing like that. But I'm not supporting no grown ass man. Habit man. Some shit like that. I, I've been that way for a long time. But I know that when it comes to family and friends, you can do everything in the world for 'em. Yeah. If a person don't align with you and how you are, it ain't gonna work. I done bought family cars, put people in houses, took care of people, kids, and then everything come full circle. And you react that these people hate you. It don't matter what you do, how you do it. They just, they just hate you. I got a family member that say, I hate that. People say I'm related to you. I'm the greatest. What is wrong with you


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from all free and clear detergent for a healthy routine. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Are you ready to have your bacon Love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy


Modo Us visit Mo Do do us for the best free place Social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins and exciting promotions. Register today at Modo us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details. Hello, Do us


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take care of yourself This summer and save on all your personal care favorites. Now through August 27th. Save up to $3 or more when you purchase participating personal care items like Pampers wipes, Gillette Razors, Metamucil Crest toothpaste, secret Body Spray, and a Swiffer Power Mop. The more you buy, the more you save. Catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


For sure. Do you do, do you see yourself becoming a mother? Yeah. Yeah. Dang. Okay. Whoa, whoa. How many kids if that? I wanna have four kids. God damn. I'm at, I'm at zero. I just want a big family. Damn. I want a big family but, but I wanna have four kids. You know this, this whole having kids thing. I'm just, man, I'm know. Not right now. I mean you, it's Enough baby mamas in the world and I ain't trying to be one. I'd rather be a wife, you know what I'm saying? Before I get to having kids. I understand, I understand that. So, yeah. So just like baby mama, there's some good baby mamas out here.


Yeah, but Good ones too. Ooh, we What you mean? What you mean who we, There's a lot of single parent mothers out here that, that's good women and that's been messed over by Rotten men. And I like to come into they life and keep that cycle going. So you wanna be, how many kids you got? I got two girls. Okay. Two girls. I love dearly. Hang on. Two baby mama's. The one One. Okay, look at you. That's good. No, I can't. I can't do all that other baby mama here and baby mama. I don't even know. Well that's what I'm saying. Like for me, I don't, I don't wanna have no kid and then some dude, whoever decide, oh, he don't wanna help me with the kid that's gonna piss me off. Who Gonna do that to you?


You kick ass Who going? Really? You know what I'm saying? What dude gonna possibly do that with you? And these dudes get acting crazy when you get pregnant, bro. I shit, I don't see nobody not doing what you asking 'em to do Clarissa? Because they know what, what, what can happen? A ass whooping. Yeah, but how I'm supposed to whoop somebody ass when I'm pregnant? Well, you go after you have it. Oh, that's a bad ass whooping. They gonna give you, you Damn right. What? But I'm saying I don't even put myself in that predicament because I'm not gonna lie to you like I'm a little off sometimes. I know shit. You ain't got to tell me that I, I know you off. People don't know. But it's like I am well put together. I got a strong mind in everything. I look good and everything. But many people be like, you know what, when something pushed me the wrong way, I just be, I be praying to God to help me with it.


He been helping me. But he be like, once I snap out, it's really not much nobody can do. You know what I'm saying? Shit. I agree. I'd rather not hit that switch on because once that switch is hit, it's hard to go back to to be myself like I'm caressing right now. But you hit that switch. I'm Lorenzo and Lorenzo gonna fuck you up. Scaring me now I just doing this interview with your ass man. Look, You feel my, you see my neck started, my vein start popping out trying to explain this to you. You still an incredible hook over here. But I hear you earlier, you was talking to me off camera, we was talking about movies and stuff. Is that something you really wanna tap into as well? Absolutely. I've, I've done two movies so far. I did Lola two that's on all black TV.


And I did Pink Fight where Lisa Ray was the executive producer where I had cancer in the movie. Mm. It's crazy. How was that role? You know what, the only, and the funniest part was when I had to put oatmeal on in my mouth and like, like throw it up and, and I had to be crying and people don't like, I ain't really no crier, but I like having to do it on camera and having to really get into that role. Yeah. To that mo like Lisa Ray pulled it out of me because I had, so my grandmother died from cancer and my best friend Mike died from cancer, Michael Carne. So when in the movie I'm having cancer, when I got, when I got sick, they like, you really gotta go into it.


Like how do you think that your people felt when they was going through? I'm like, oh shit you can't put me. But she was like, just dig deep and da da da and boy I think, I think I dug deep and I was on there crying, throwing up oatmeal in, in a little ass bathroom. I was like this shit. But, but the thing is I would do the scene and then soon they said cut. I'd be screaming laughing. Everybody be like, Clarissa, you crazy. I'm like, y'all tell me if that's the only take because that shit is funny Me trying to act like that because I ain't, I ain't that I'm working on movie. I'm, we gonna have to get together. Okay. Hey Let put you in. We gonna be boyfriend and girlfriend. That's gonna be real kisses that motherfucker too. No, no. We gonna do 30 takes.


You ever think about that. People be acting, they really be having to do that shit over and over. Like it's kind of like a, it's a thin line between that. 'cause you gonna know if this dude really in the character or he really doing this shit on purpose. You know what I'm saying? Like I dunno. I guess for me though, I'm gonna get sad though. You go for a little tongue or something like I'm, I'm Imma really be into this shit but I'm gonna be lying. Like I'm just role playing man. I'm just really, I'm just focusing taking shit man. Like I ain't bullshit. I got the movie I already wrote by 95 sex scenes in that motherfucker too. What? I'm just saying, even though we not really going have sex, but nobody got Up on tub having real sex. I don't care what nobody say. Everything going on Tuby.


They having real sex on Tuby. Tuby. I watch a lot of Tuby movies. I be sex. Like this shit is real bro. It's not, this ain't for play. This is real. They be in and I don't know how they really get into it on camera, but I'm looking, I'm like, me being who I am and and being a woman, I'm like bro, that's real bro. Shit real. It gonna be me and your shit gonna be real. I just want you to know that. Now y'all white. It gonna be real deep. Did Y have a sex scene in there? It not, not like sex. Oh but you absolutely, you a champ. I come outside, I'm really gonna feel like I'm a champion. You know what I'm saying? Being in your presence make me feel like a champion. I think anybody that come around you, your team, you a champion. That's what you are. Hundred percent. Just, just being real on on a situation like this.


But you know you shit, you need to be celebrated. You a black queen. I like I say, I feel like everywhere you walk it should be rose puck strong at your feet. Like on coming to America when Prince King were coming down. Me too. You deserve that. And the other women that's in the sport that's, that's coming up behind you. Your trailblazer. And I know there's a lot of women out there you might not know. They look up to you. Yeah, for sure. You give 'em hope. You know what I'm saying? Like man, she's really out here doing her thing. She ain't taking no shit from nobody. She her own person got her own team. And I think that just a good look for, for women of color is what I'm saying. For me personally, just not my daughters can have somebody to look up to.


If, if they wanted to get in the boxing, whatever it is, Representation matters. Like when I was coming up, Layla Lee wasn't my inspiration. Serena was okay. Serena was like when I, when I seen her I saw myself and I was like damn I wanna be, I wanna be like her. Y'all got something in common though. Listen. She did the s esp N Body issue where she was naked. You could do that too. Crunch. I did it Already but My, I ain't saw it. Oh look it up. I made the front Cover. Hey man y'all get that Y'all hurry up and get that to me. I want the unedited vision. I want the unedited one though. I don't Yeah go on YouTube for that but man I was, I couldn't believe I was out there naked like that. But you Feel though, I seen you.


I seen you at the weigh in. Mm mm mm I said look at the fleas on Fluffy. I think you got about a million more view followers too behind that too by the way. Oh no damn perverts. The weigh in did 14.9 million views. I said I don't look, first of all you see ass and shit all the time. I like this though. This champion ass, it's a different kind of ass Champion. Yeah I think it's, it's the naturalness of it and I ain't got no be be and I'm like that. You got No be. Lemme see. Yeah your neighbor in the right spot. Them women with them be be they neighbors by their heart scared the Surgery. You don't need it. I don't natural be. I like that. You know a lot of you women that's watching now be natural man.


There's nothing wrong with being natural. If your man a stud don't like you the way you are, you gonna need to be with them. Listen, hold on. Can we speak on that for a second? Absolutely. Women Lord speak Holy Ghost. Studs be shooting at you. What? Everybody trying to talk to me gay women? Mm. Men. Young. Young guys. Older men. Pastors. You know. Hell yeah. You don't even know it. I my pressure holler me. Would You holler at a pastor? Hell I pastor, I walk in. You'd be the first that hat you wearing now Cut. What you mean cut? I ain't got no muscles. Shit. I got a little money now I can buy some Barco. To what?


Barco What is that? That shit Sammy Soso on To Get your muscles. Damn right. And you get to keep your package because it won't shrivel up if why did you get in the Gym? Shit. What gym? I tried the gym. Gym. That shit don't work for me. It look good on tv. You ain't tried to gym hard enough? Bullshit. I went to Planet Fidgets, I ass in now. I can't work too much ass or nothing. So I was gonna say this just for the women who, who watching and the men too. When they got a woman who you actually like you gonna do everything for her. I beat that. You miss, it's a woman who you like and who you love. You. You gonna lay the carpet off for her if it's a man who you with and he don't even compliment you, you know what I'm saying?


Be affectionate towards you. He don't text you all the time. Whatever. Bullshit. He don't like you. These girls back, they can't read between the lines. If a nigga don't like you, he don't like you try to make him like you Ain't nothing you can do to make him like you. He don't like You. Do you rub your man feet? I'm not a sea. You give him massages, rash shot in The back. You do that. You cook for him? Yep. I cook too whenever I can. I be on the road a lot but when even I'm on, when I'm not on the road In y'all spare time, do you cook? Do you read to him? Do you tell him he's the greatest thing ever? No. No shit Like that. So you gotta be a ger. But you got, even though, even though in your mind I Tell him he's he's great and everything. You gotta be a motivator because Bo bo both way. 'cause I know he do it to you.


I know he call you the champ every day you wake up. I know he tell you. You beautiful. I know he tell you all these things. He rub your feet, rub your back, go and get you ice packs and this and that. It's live. Ain't damn right are you doing this to him because you women seem to be more all this shit but don't want to give it back. It don't make sense to me. Well I'm not in that type of situation. See, see what I'm saying? See so I'm saying wrong for, for For No I'm saying the situation that Rolled that man feet one time. Just one time. Somebody his lie Just Rub his feet one time for you. Boy. Even if he got, he got coins on him. Nasty feet ass. Get your feet done fam. Love that. You stupid. You know I just gotta mess with you man.


But look y'all man, I'm in, I'm in the building with the gold man. Y'all get out. Go follow What's what? What? Gimme your ig Cress Instagram At Claressa Shields. C-L-A-R-E-S-S-A Shields. S-H-I-L-D-S. I got the blue check mark y'all. I'm at 986,000 Sugar bring at 5 million I up. I need to get to my millions. Hey come on Gimme the million. I should, I should have that by tomorrow. Hey y'all go follow my girl right now. The goat, not GOAT. Tell W-O-T-G-W-O-T Ms. Carissa Seal five time division champ. Two time Olympic gold medal. We are in the presence of greatness right now and I need everybody that's watching this show on The Bubba Dub Show go out and support my home girl.


Man, she'll, she a beast. You won't action. Y'all talking about y'all don't like boring fights. S ain't definitely ain't boring. Yeah. And last thing before we go, the movie about my life comes out December 25th in theaters all over the world. The fire inside on Qui. Hmm? On Christmas. Yeah. We gonna say Christmas qui on qui. Yeah. December 25th story of your life. It's Called the Fire Inside Ryan Destiny is portraying me. Ooh. It's gonna be in theaters all over the world. I'm have to get used to a, to a premiere before I come out. So I'll hit you up on that for sure. But this is big this, it's not only gonna be in theaters in America, but in the uk, in Italy, Paris, it's gonna be everywhere. So make sure y'all watch it.


And then I think people are more understand my upbringing and how I am and how I became so great. How did that feel though? Someone portraying your life? Like how did that feel? That shit was crazy. I mean how much, how much input did you have on that as well? A lot. A lot. A lot. Me and up, so Barry Jenkins is the producer, he's the writer and he wrote the script out after me, him talk, we had a talk about two or three hours. He asked me what went on in my life, whatever. Taking a whole bunch of notes. I met him. I'm getting ready for the second Olympics. And Is it rag law? Huh? Is it rag law? I'm, nah. So you, y'all left out the fucking part? Nah, Well shit, I ain't fucking nobody until I was 17 but shit, He got had that again too.


The first time You wasn't in there. Remember Marcus Houston my very first time? Yeah. See, see when I do my own, I want all that in there. All the whole, that was my, that was my struggle. When times I got cheated on, You got cheated on. I got cheated on so bad and lost so much weight. I got down to my birth weight. I was hurt. Hey, you know what? But you gotta realize though, when, when, when like a person is cheating, it ain't really on. It ain't on you. You gotta you gotta understand It. It with my pastor, I brought this chick to the church. What? And man, he, she was going to more bible stuff. The pastor man. He man, he put How did you find out?


Shit, shit, text message. I went through her phone and seeing his penis. I ain't no guy made Ps that damn big. That shit ain't funny. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm still hurt behind you like I'm hurt. Meningo. Yeah. Damn Pastor. Dang You smile when I said that shit. Lemme find out. You like big meats. I don't like you no damn mo. We ain't cool no more yo beat meat like nah, You know I'm not gonna even say my preference on that. I Want No we yeah we gonna, we gonna keep clear of that. But look but look though man.


Thank y'all for tuning into the bubble Do show y'all watching this show. Y'all also gotta know this show being presented by Pics man. In case y'all don't know for the first time users when you download pics you could put $5 in. They gonna give you $50. Wow. You can't beat it. Yeah, pic is one of them ones Baby girl. And only way you gonna win if you going to play. So it's more or less over there on Prospects Carissa, they might have you on to land 200 punches and all you gotta put is more or less on that simple, simple stuff man. Baseball, they might have Aaron Ju Slater to have one home run tomorrow night. And all you gotta do is just put more or less. Three outta three is a one or four outta four and one five outta five is a winner. You could spend $10 and win 1500. You can't find that nowhere else. So go and download prize picks. Use my promo code trash with the two H's.


Man. Once again, thank y'all for tuning in. I told y'all gonna have another legend on the show and damn it, I done that. Miss Clarissa Seals the goat. I'm gonna personally thank you for coming to The Bubba Dub Show over on the Volume with Shehe Media. Can't wait to be at your next fight. December 11th, December 25th, she have a movie coming out. It's a story of her life and what's the name of it again? The Fire Inside. The Fire Inside Man. She bubble Bubble dub her mouth Peace, The Volume.


Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz to get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This ad Is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered Investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal or tax advice.


Hey there it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Quaker International Delight, OCOS, Lalo, Starbucks and Frosted Flakes for quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


Modo


Visit mo do.us for the best free place social casino experience. Wherever you are, Moto offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins and exciting promotions. Register today at m mo Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly, conditions apply. See website details.


Hello Joe, US


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take care of yourself This summer and save on all your personal care favorites. Now through August 27th, save up to $3 or more when you purchase participating personal care items like Pampers wipes, Gillette Razors, Madam Musel Crest Toothpaste, secret Body Spray, and a Swiffer Power Mop. The more you buy, the more you save. Catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.