
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music, music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school, you're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Chba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. BG W Group, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. Seek terms and conditions


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive. The hatchback that took you cross country and back. And the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust Amica Auto Insurance. Amica Empathy is our best Policy.


The Volume Bubble Dub Nation welcome. Welcome back to another episode of a Bubble Dub Show Day Saturday Day, nothing but NFL playoff games. And let me tell you, it wasn't good games today. It wasn't good games today. But before we even dive into those topics and other topics that I got for y'all tonight, go ahead and hit the like button for you. Boy. Yeah, you see it down below. Go ahead, subscribe. Yeah to my people that's been down with your boy, make sure you keep your, keep your notifications on 'cause I'm coming to you after every NFL playoff game man.


We gonna rock and roll. This is what we've been waiting on all year is the playoffs and we gonna start the show off with the bout the more Ravens knocking the black and yellow after Pittsburgh Steelers. The game that just went off right now. S came out running that motherfucking ball re Now let me dive over to the Steelers. Y'all been playing ball? Y'all play Baltimore two times a year. They know you and you know them when you know good mama get 'em. They was gonna run the ball and you didn't do a damn thing about it. You know he gonna run the ball but why in the hell y'all didn't stop it? Derek had 26 over 174 yard rushing every time he touched it.


30 yards apart. 30 yards apart. God out tumbling. Y'all the like No all the shit we did in practice now y'all acting like we didn't even practice for this damn game. Like I said though previously, like I've been saying, if the Baltimore Ravens don't run the motherfucking ball like that, ain't nobody gonna be you. Oh yeah we gonna take Henry out the game. Shit. Shoulda have been taking yourself out the game because y'all didn't do shit But y'all, I get it though. You want and Russell Russell played good y'all.


I'm not going lie at times he still holding onto the ball at times but I get it. He only can play But what he got pick and showed up tonight. Good job Pickens congratulate you showed up but as a defense that's what you're known for. You ain't known for offense. You known for playing hard No smash my defense And y'all didn't do that shit tonight. I don't know what that shit was tonight from the defense. It's either one or the other. Y'all couldn't stop neither one of them. Lamar Jackson had 15 carriers, 81 motherfucking yard anytime they wanted the first down they got it. They even started doing the tush push.


Do you have the Baltimore Ravens started doing the tush bus tush push tonight. Lamar 16th for 21, 1 75 passing yard. Just two touchdowns looking like the MVP. Dagg ears looking like the MVP Dagg, the Steelers, they supposed to run the ball don't you know them motherfuckers have what, 29 yard rushing. 29 rush. That's what you're known for and running about. But you couldn't do it if, if I'm a, if I'm a steal a fan, I'm, I'm, I'm highly upset What I seen tonight You done got dressed up you, you flew down nigga Baltimore, you got your black and yellow.


You know what I'm saying? You got all your accessories, you ready to see a good ball game and you didn't fucking see it because your defense didn't step up. Mike tumbling over eyes watering up nigga. I know it's cold but God damnit you ought drink some coffee, put some fo in your motherfucking cup Mike Tumbl because that wasn't it on the way home. You better not be like Gerard Mayo playing cards. You oughta be fine motherfuckers on your staff. It's all about the results for me. They had damn, they had 299 yard rushing. Whoever my defensive coordinator is five five Ain't no getting together after the game as a team and saying a team prayer.


Hell no we ain't praying after the game. God, y'all asses gotta go now. I didn't think, I already knew the Raven was gonna win. I didn't pick the Pittsburgh to win but I pitch Pittsburgh. I I I thought Pittsburgh was going to do Pittsburgh things running the ball. Play action and stop the run and force Lamar Jackson to throw the ball. They didn't do it man. They didn't do it. Cougar owes took the Ravens, they stuck to their game playing. God damnit we gonna run this read option. Either you going to take Henry or God, you going to take Lamar Jackson but you can't take both. And Lamar Jackson took full advantage of them re options. Then you start opening up other things for Derrick Henry, he didn't really have to throw the ball that much.


Like I said, he only threw the ball to him one times he complete 16. That's great But but a team that's gonna be able to beat Baltimore, they gonna have to make Lamar beat him through the air. And that's the biggest thing with Lamar Jackson. Y'all can he beat you through the air consistently now next week when Baltimore play the Texas and, and I'm just gonna be real because I, I finna get a Texas all kind of motherfucking love that they deserve last night on my show I end up picking the Texas to beat the Chargers and thank God I was right because early in the week I was going with the Chargers then I started thinking like man, them them, them fires going on up there right now.


Man them boys ain't they ain't mine ain't in it right now. And I ain't saying niggas excuse the reason why they lost 'cause Houston just bust they nose that. What happened? They they bust they nose, they say lightning on straight twice. They a motherfucking lie. I thought Justin Sherbert was Jamis Winston throwing all them damn interceptions. Jim Harbaugh already can't walk. See ain't had to tote that motherfucker took a, took a locker room after the game. He couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it either. But I knew because I told bomb B feed them boy tri burgers before the game and watch what happens. See God Joe mix running through holes on smaller than go rule gap.


God used to disturb Texas did they thing tonight. Ain't nothing but love and respect coming from me to y'all age town. Y'all deserve it. Y'all did what y'all supposed to do and I'm gonna keep saying it. You dig it last year too. You dig it last year too? You won last. You won. Wanna play game last year too but can you do it again? That's the thing. Can you do it again? Can you be Baltimore? I don't think so but anything can happen. Yeah because I don't think y'all can be Baltimore Don't mean it can't happen. I done seen some strange shit happen before. Real talk And I say strange things, I mean strange things. I done had something happen to me.


Y'all I done took one of these motherfucker right here. One knee rhino pill. Normally you can't see my small penis but when I take this motherfucker right here, that thing grow. Oh it's a beautiful thing when water and sunlight here a flower it's going bloom. Well this my goddamn wild and sunlight for my flower and nigga boom I got him on that too. Real talk. Everybody talking about the side effects headache. No it ain't. That's that bullshit ass weed y smoking. That's that bullshit as weed y smoking to get y'all headache. This don't give headache. It's gonna give. Oh yeah. Ain't gonna get and think you leave. You lay your ass down Isaac.


Oh yeah that's what they, they called me Isaac lay down Isaac I want some more hit God damnit I got pin more because if I was giving your ass five minutes when I'm on that R no I'm giving yourself letting you know right now if you want to be the man you want to take control in that bedroom going to get you a rhino. They talk about the lion being the king of the jungle. But that motherfucking rhino they ain't fucking one. When the last time you seen a goddamn line attack a rhino, you ain't let's he sick, let's he sick other line they getting knocked on motherfucking Rhino Way. Telling you what God I love her knight.


TA Young Wilson done got suspended nigga you need to be suspended from eating nigga you need to be on fruit, carrots and shit and broccoli and cheese. You steady eating boo. Aint nigga I hurt you on Campbell links too hurt You on Impost? No no New million ain't shit back but a of 360. That's it. Money. Money I you z Young. I done drafted your big ass from Duke. I've been patient, I've been patiently waiting for you to get your ass in shape.


You ain't been wanting to get in shape so I tell you what as a owner I'm gonna send thems they ain't gonna hurt you but they gonna scare the shit out you. I'm gonna them young in from New Orleans with the dreadlock with the, with with with the gold in they mouth. Come here make them say soon as you come out But that thing to you, hey look nigga I been putting parlay on you nigga you ain't been coming through. You better lose 40 pounds nigga you better lose 40 pounds. Get your ass in shape. You better not miss no more motherfucking gang. I'm an owner billionaire.


I'm sitting some young niggas in who gonna, nobody touching no billionaires man let's be real billionaires. Do what the fuck they want. Think I won't scare somebody on my team who ain't producing shit yet nigga done got suspended being late. Gotta be a professional athlete. You got to be on time. You got to be the first one in the gym. Got to be the last one to leave And they say this ain't the only incident. Why you being suspended? They say this been going on so that means this been going, this been, this shit been going on behind the scenes that we didn't know nothing about. You think I like coming on my show talking about you Z young.


I don't. I wish nothing but the best for you but God damnit do you want it? That's the thing y'all we be wanting everything for these athletes but sometimes the athlete just be satisfied man I'm I made it, I'm good And and and that's what they display to us. If a goddamn rattlesnake show you he'll rattlesnake then damn he'll rattlesnake. If this female show you she a hoe, she a hoe. Stop bringing hoes around your homeboys. You know them niggas high hees you can't bring no motherfucking wounded animal ride no high in inspect that goddamn high angle not to attack but believe you niggas cheetahs you go out you fast.


You niggas are cheetahs real talk we break this what I'm talking to you, you niggas are cheetahs in real life. I ain't talking about chee like cheetah. You grandma talking about cheetahs like a animal you fast. You can run out there, you can grab them, you can take them down and you can even kill them. But when that motherfucker real high angles come through, they taking your kill nigga do you they taking your nigga too much shit going on out here and y'all I keep telling y'all are 20, 25 man ain't nobody waiting around on y'all to do nothing. You got to do this shit. Now some of you Negroes sitting around here depending on a female for what? A female want a motherfucking legal, the kids you raising they look they they supposed to look up to you but they not because you're sitting on your ass waiting on the next man.


Never wonder why your girl talk to you when she talk to you because you ain't handling your motherfucking business when a man taking care of business and doing everything he supposed to do, everything going to find him fall in place when you getting that money the right way and you leading the right way. It's Simon say it's what these hoes and you know I ain't lying. I'm just saying ho because some of y'all women ain't hoes. I'm just talking example Bradley Bill sitting around here bullshitting things don't want you nigga.


The only way they trade calls and take your ass and bring your ass on to LA or somewhere they don't want. They showing they don't want you. Kt even talking about you on the bench now you 150, $200 million man on the motherfucking bench. They they lemme know they don't believe in you found why that goddamn trade call go somewhere where you want it go somewhere where you want it upset right now. Y'all gotta share some things with y'all right now. I just got fired from Uber Eats. Don't you know what motherfucker complaining about me eating food out motherfucking bags? Who calling in telling people they missing six or seven fry?


Who doing this shit? My girl tripping. You done got fired from Uber Eats eating people food. That's the perks of having this motherfucking job. I'll go and pick up your food and if I like what I see, I won't take a couple bites, that's all. I'm not doing nothing to you fool. I'm just taking a little bit how Uber me, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm God I'm filing discrimination against Uber Eats.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime you can have what you need delivered the same day, but it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing, working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary void. Work prohibited by law, seek terms and conditions


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive. The hatchback that took you cross country and back. And the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust Amica Auto Insurance. Amica Empathy is our best policy.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Some of y'all long here talking about y'all hungry. Y'all gonna know what y'all eat nigga. Y'all better start overeat nigga. I been fool ever since I had that job. Now they gonna lay me off. I ain't tripping. They gonna lay me off. It's tax season. I'm good. I'm motherfucking good right now. Now my baby mama trip. You done got five now who going help take care of the kids. Your new nigga he built for this. Yo. Your your, your new nigga have a mom and father when he grew up he built figure shit. He got a college degree nigga you better use it. You better use it. You smart motherfucker.


You want to come behind me. Well God damnit you better take care of my children because right now I ain't got it. I ain't got it right now. Hell I can't hit because Uber eats leg fired me. Hell, hell I thought I was gonna give a damn promotion but I ain't got bad news today Jerry. We got to let you go. What you mean you gotta let me go? Well we find out you were doing that. First of all y'all ain't y'all ain't found that shit. I ain't the only one been eating shit. Hell some mater bitch eating. Brad been eating and Rachel been eating hell I got it from them. Oh. When I get in trouble y'all I start talking then I ain't the only motherfucker going down.


Lemme find out they ain't got rid of the motherfuckers that I told. I'm calling hr. I'm calling hr some of y'all be going down for shit. Not me. A lot of people mad at six nine. Shit I wasn't six nine did what he had to do back then. Them niggas were in was this store six nine now we up in here. Me and this officer, he talking to me boy you facing 20 years. I'm facing what you facing 20 years for this shit. No I'm not them niggas who was starting me and who are already gang member they should be facing 20 years. Not me. I'm just a, I ain't really real fake.


That's the thing somebody wants to get rappers ain't ain't like that when the bullets get the flying I walk to them. Who walking towards bullets and some of y'all believe who walking towards some bullets. You crazy walking my ass up. What I'm doing? Matter of fact I'm not working. I'm running and ducking Man. I don't know what kind of world we live in in but but y'all better wake y'all asses up. You got one live when this motherfucker over. It is over. I'm watching y'all. Y'all goddamn store powder.


Y'all, y'all y'all doing fitting. Y'all doing everything else to your body is your temple. You keep destroying your temple talking of you niggas 30, 35 years old. Can't remember what you did yesterday. That shit frying your motherfucking brain. You getting an attitude with people trying to help you. Trying to tell you something. You don't want nobody to tell you nothing. You know it all And before you know it your head behind no motherfucking ball. Right. Never man I should have listened to you now nigga. You know everything now you want somebody to put something on your books now you want somebody to go there and check on your kids now you want me to keep eye on your baby mama. I'm keeping eye right. Spreading no motherfucking leg like George symbols tell my girl better than she ever been fat.


She getting thick too. I don't know if she on that shock or what but your girl done got thick real talk like I ain't pumping this goddamn hamster tool. You liar my get this hold this hamster meat anytime they motherfucking morning. I'm not withholding this good meat from them whole mouth. How y'all feeling though? Saturday night some of y'all let the crib I told you get your smoke, get your drink. We going to chill out. We gonna have fun tonight. They told me that movie dinner thi part two Good dinner motherfucker. I ain't saw it yet but I know y'all got fire so tell me how I got movie Did these part two, you know y'all didn't watched it because I ain't saw it yet.


I'm just telling y'all the real on here man ain't gonna movie no nigga we we firing stick that shit and y'all don't understand the big play going on with this stream and shit now like the game, the game tonight the last game it was on Amazon Prime. Y'all see what I'm saying? Huh? You gotta pay for Amazon Prime. Right. The NFL getting Rich and Richard Rich we don't even see what the fuck going on. I'm finna start my own network. I'm finna start my own motherfucking network. It's gonna be nothing but but Nick Ho on that network from Asians, whites black Mexican, whoever nationality we are, I'm gonna have them on that motherfucking show book.


Think I'm bullshitting you sick of the shit that's going on out here And y'all should be too now tomorrow you got the Philadelphia Eagles and the Green Bay Packers. You got Buffalo, you got the Broncos and you got the commanders and you got the books. A lot of you commander fans been in my DM talking shit. Bam. You sleeping on us. We going beat down babe but damnit we gonna see, I don't wanna hear no motherfucking excuses about you having no rookie quarterback either. I don't want hear it because y'all been talking cash money shit to me. Y'all been talking cash money shit. But Damnit tomorrow gonna see one thing about it when them license is right. Who going step up to the motherfucking plate?


Huh? Who is Jay and Daniels gonna step up is old as Zach. Hurtz gonna step up. Huh? Is McLaren gonna step up and catch the ball like he been doing? It's it's all about that. It's all, it ain't about the regular season no more. That shit dead yet. It's about right now when no 53 men step on that motherfucking grid goddamnit, who gonna step up? Who gonna step up? That's all I want to know because we know how big a trash field coming. We know how Mike is coming. We know how I'm telling you the motherfucker gonna be ready. What you going do what I'm gonna do? Fuck man nigga you open your money hell no. But here you go.


That's some real live shit right there. When somebody got that phone on you and they ask you do you owe me some money? You say hell no but here you go. That's real shit. So my misses is this but y'all niggas who wearing all that jewelry all the time man. And you get in serious situations man. Get that bullshit ass jewelry up. Your life is more than that Fake ass jewelry y'all wearing you god damn neck green. I'm thinking you a ninja turtle. Real talk like real life situations don't put your life in danger. Nobody else life in danger behind a free funk ass dollar and some of the fake ass necklaces you got and if it's real good for you but make sure you got some insurance on this shit. Putting your own game real necklace.


They get robbed every four or five months on that jury just putting your own game. So if you got some jewelry go and get your sugar praises. If you paid 20,000 get it appraised for 50,000. Putting your own game tonight. God damnit they don't want to tell y'all this shit. But I'm gonna put you on game. I ain't gonna withhold no info but get your sugar praised four, five months get robbed. Hey man somebody got me for my jury $55 check. There you go. Thank me legal nigga. That's what they been doing. That's what them white folks been doing for years now we just not catching home. So now I'm gonna get you a gang Jose Dub didn't put you on gang. So you keep wondering how your favorite rapper or some of your homeboy be coming up and they be getting robbed.


That's what they doing but they just between me and you go Huh? Ain't nobody else on these show giving y'all real gang. Get the light button, get the shirt button, get these motherfucking numbers up. Get me in the algorithm. That's how I like get me in the algorithm so when you jump on YouTube, my black ugly ass white teeth God ass popping up. You did, you did. Now I'm gonna go ahead and finish my predictions. Like I told y'all I was going to do, I got the Philadelphia Eagles defi, the Green Bay Packers tomorrow. I once again I feel like the run game of the Eagles gonna be too much for Green Bay. I just do. I feel like they gonna have a ball more than Green Bay gonna have it no different between Baltimore tonight having against the Steeler.


Baltimore had to ball 39 minutes. It's a 60 minute ball game ladies and gentlemen 60 minute ball game but had to ball 39 minutes. If a team got the ball more than you got nine times outta 10, they gonna win the game. That mean they're controlling the clock. Pittsburgh was behind the eight ball the whole game. Somebody say Russ wat I ain't gonna just necessary say Russell Wilson watched we got will say Steelers nigga offensive coordinator. It ain't Mike tumbling. It ain't Mike tumbling.


It's the offensive coordinators. Them same bullshit ass plays they been calling because Russell Wilson made some plays tonight we gets on He did. I think they need another receiver all up with Pickens. They do. They need another off a need, they need another left tackle. That's what they need. They need somebody another left tackle and they and and they'll be okay. They they they can be okay with Russell. They showed that this year he gets nigga a little bit more. He older now. He ain't the young Russell no more. You need a little bit more excitement over Ru but it starts with that offensive coordinator calling them bullshit ass predictable plays man that's all, that's all I could see coming from the Steelers. But the Ravens is a bugger team. Ravens supposed to go to the Super Bowl.


Y'all let's, let's let's be clear like that's that's that's the team they put together. That's why they went out and got Derrick Henry for them to get to the Super Bowl. So that's my only concern I see with the Steelers. I feel like the Ravens have a chance. Let's see what the Buffalo Bills do tomorrow 'cause they've been hyping up Josh Allen to try to get this MVP but the MVP should be going to Lamar Jackson. Simple as that. Bella Numbers wasn't everybody across the board, it's not even close what he been doing. Yes Josh Allen been great I get it. But I'd rather have Quan b Barkley ahead of Josh Allen in the MVP race. How y'all feel about that? I feel like La Marshall win it. I feel like Sequan Barkley should beat two then you could push Joshs Allen know.


Let me know how what y'all debate on there. Who else play tomorrow? I already said the books and and and and the commanders. I already said the Eagles and the Packers. Oh I already said it. The Broncos and the Bills. I got the Buffalo Bills, the Fi, the Denver Broncos Tomorrow I think it's gonna be like 38, 28 Buffalo. I talked to my young homie earlier. Keon Coleman, he excited Josh Allen make sure you get him the motherfucking ball. Make sure you get Keon the he ready Y'all I'm telling y'all this young bull is ready. I think Cooper gonna be back. He gonna be ready. I'm looking for a great game tomorrow. I'm just excited about the NFL period man.


I know y'all don't hear cowboy. Fuck the cowboy cowboys at the high. I don't wanna talk about 'em. I don't even wanna hear nothing about no cowboy. I don't wanna hear nothing from Michael part. I don't wanna hear nothing about none of no motherfucker. We talking about, we talking about winners. Winners are in the playoffs right now. Cowboys are not no winner. So I'm excited about NFL playoffs football. This is my type of year. Next year, next week I'll be going on the road to a game I don't know yet. But I'll let y'all know during the week what game I'm gonna be at and maybe if y'all there y'all can pull up on your boy, chop it up, have a beer or whatever it is. But it's the road to the Super Bowl. I don't know if y'all going to the Super Bowl or not but I am going to the Super Bowl. Make sure you girl I got a surprise for y'all. I can't say it, I can't say it but we'll be in New Orleans and I might possibly popping up somewhere so if you know, you know.


So I'm excited about the Super Bowl as well as that. So I wish I could tell y'all but I can't man. I'm on the stipulations on this contract on some shit that I can't really talk about but I'm gonna be in New Orleans at the Super Bowl and something's going on and they, I'm going to be there if you know, you know when they make the announcement and you see the flyer and you can, if you know me you'll know what's going on. So y'all be ready for that shit man. I'm super excited tomorrow, Sunday, you know what I'm saying Church tomorrow I don't know some of y'all going, some of you ain't but if not, hey you can go in your living room you know real talk. The Bible say well two or three are gathered in my name.


There I am in the midst. There you go. They already done took God I got these schools y'all y'all remember they said you can't pray in school no more and all these school killings and all these bombs been going on with this school now they wont say let's pray no nigga y'all took God after school now you wanna pray. No, no we not doing that. We gonna praise God during the good. We gonna praise God during the bad. That's why I tell people even when I'm doing great, feeling good, great help. I'm still thanking God for it. Even when I'm doing bad I'm still thanking God for it. Got some bad news today.


Find out my cousin got cancer, I'm praying for you family. We're going to help you. That's what family is for man we going to help you bro. You not in this, this alone. My cousin-in-law, both of his parents, both of his parents is gone. It gets him and his kids, he ain't working. So you know, you know with me Lord blessing me, you know a lot of people depend on me now and God just put me in a position to help people and if I can help 'em I'm gonna help 'em. So I'm just letting my cousin know I love you. We praying for you on above Nation Dub Nation. We're gonna look out for you man. We're gonna do the best we can for you man.


I hate counsel y'all man counseling took so many of my people out. That shit been on my mind since I found out about this shit. Y'all be quite honest with y'all man. It's like I'm losing so many family members man shit ain't even cool man. Like one day you hear the next day you gone one day you see your family member smiling and the next day they in the casket. Man this shit, this shit done start taking a toll on me. But I know God don't make no mistakes. I do know that God know best at the end of the day. He definitely know best. Moving along man you got, if you watching this show then it's presented by Pride six scan that barcode down.


Now if you a First time user you put $5 in, they gonna give you $50. You bet more or less on your favorite player. Put in my promo code Trash man Real talk case. Y'all gonna know I'm on that wig of ones tour popping up February 1st. Win Minnesota. Yeah grab 'em tickets and come see your boy. I need everybody that's rocking with me man. I mean I'm in this from the bottom of my heart. I'm taking over 2025. I'm not playing no mother can games. When I tell y'all this, when I step out on that stage it's going down. So if you are a fan of me and you rocking with me, you make sure you find you a city on this tour and you come see me do my motherfucking thing 'cause you know I'm gonna bring it every motherfucking night and I'm not bullshit neither.


But I'm on that stage. I got to the people who Haven came to see me. They can get in the comments right now and check and let you know right now how I get down on this stage. If you love me on this show and the way I act on this show, then you going really fall in love with me on that stage 'cause you get me on like beside this tour 'cause they only giving me eight minutes every night on this tour. So you know the whole eight minutes I'm coming out firing my motherfucking pistol. I'm buying this motherfucking pistol now. It ain't no bing pow bow pow. Matter of fact I'm gonna put the switch on it coming out out the gate. Y'all know how niggas be showing out front of their girls and shit nigga get into a nigga and they want cluster that pistol but stop showing that motherfucker.


You just can't show that pistol to something nigga. You gotta use it. Everybody ain't scared because you got no guns. They didn't stop making no when you got, when you got your nigga I learned the value but listen, showing out one time plus nigga I showed him and put it back, bye. That's when I would dip the skull. Nigga knock sc juice out my mouth, never again will I let another man know what I got. I been jacking the box ever since. Surprising Nicks. You talk that shit. What you going do with me? You can talk it all you want. Well you best believe nigga I got something hot for your ass and I ain't talking about hot fries either.


I got some shit that's gonna make your mama run up and nothing and ask me how my baby doing. Well I'm so what's your name ma'am? Darlene. He didn't make it God right? You Sugar told him you should have taught him When grown folks talking, you shut your motherfucking mouth. Real talk say I be what it do less to what it do. Shit.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime you can have what you need delivered the same day, but it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing. Working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going and the four walls that welcome you home when you combine auto and home insurance. With Amica, we'll help protect it all and the more you cover the more you can save. Amica empathy is our best policy.


This is LaVar Arrington from up on game Here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half T Tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what variety calls a PI drama with Flair. Meet Diara Bricklin. A public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date. With the help of her friends and even her ex-husband, Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Catch every one of the Breezy, juicy episodes as held by the New York Times co-starring John Sally Morris Chestnut and Felicia Rashad. One mystery zero chill. The critically acclaimed hit drama Diara from Detroit is now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central. Search and post with hashtag diara from Detroit and visit bet.com for more


Now. It's part of the show. What we do with hell now. Hell nows Dubs live on the show. He knows what he saw and he's here tell you hell Somebody send me question, ask me something I let 'em know. Hell no. They say bubble do. Do you ever see yourself getting back with your baby mama? Hell no. The trauma this motherfucker done put me through. This whole got me watching live time. Now you, I ain't never watched no motherfucking live time. So I'm watching live time now because all the drama and shit she put me through my motherfucking life got me in church. I've been going, I, I've been skipping my AA meeting but I need to start going back.


I'm a goddamn alcoholic. Do you hear me y'all I can not drink a fish because I'm going through certain shit. That's why I say do be mad and angry all the time. Yeah I would be too if you god damn baby mama put you what I been through. I go baby mama done. Fuck the whole seal and I'm supposed to walk around here with a smile on my face. My uncles, everybody done got it. They can tell you they can have a piece of my baby mama. How you think they make me feel. That's why I'm be wanting to go and see and pick up my kids y'all. 'cause I already know my uncle them already done been over here. They can been around family. I can't take care of my kids. Everybody is buying them shit. Posting it on the IG and shit.


Making me feel less of a man. You know when I come around you ain't shit. You ain't, you know what I'm saying? They gonna know my struggle. They don't know my, they don't know what I've been through laying down in the bed with a motherfucker who you know, been giving they love to anybody else. That shit hurt. But wake up and down you gotta a good woman on your team man. Salute to you. Salute to you to you studs too. Y'all, y'all, y'all taking all the holes in motherfuckering way man. Shit the stressed out y'all. Y'all pray for me. Y'all pray for your boy boy going through it. Trash of the motherfucking day. Going to the Pittsburgh Staples trash.


I'm gonna ask y'all something though ain. A fell is the cream of the crop. They got all the resources in the world. They got people that watch film and tape. Whether it's first and 10, how you, what you do first and eight, what you do second eight. Everything you do. The NFL team Scouts got breakdowns of it. When y'all know in the Baltimore Ravens getting certain formations what they like to run, what they tendencies are. But it's seen to me like Pittsburgh didn't understand what the fuck was going on. So they lemme tell you right there that the defensive coordinators over there in Pittsburgh need to be let go. Defense coordinators need to be let go. I'm, I'm, I'm sorry it don't and you can't say you ain't got the personnel 'cause you got it.


You gotta make Lamar Jackson beat you through the motherfucking air. I know you got Derrick Henry but every time Derrick Henry touched this, I'm blitzing every motherfucking play I'm gonna make you throw a ball. You can do this shit. You can make a team get outta what they going to do. You can do it. Yeah you might give up a touchdown too but you can make 'em get outta They not making them do it. They not making them do it. Like I'm hearing reports Belichick say he not going to the Raiders. I could have told y'all that. Belichick is said boy he wanna be at the college with them young hoes. He old now Belichick in his 70 old men like to do what? Look at young girls. That's the only reason why Bill Belichick dying now.


It ain't to build up no goddamn North Carolina. He wanna be around them young looking at girls down there to keep his heart pumping. I'm just telling y'all the truth. Y'all know I'm not lying. That's the only reason why Bill took that motherfucking job. They all like Robert Kraft too Rob same motherfucking way. He got popped at that massage parlor. Y'all don't even know this. He own 30 massage parlors now old men wanna be around younger women make their heart pump a little better. They ain't got to use certain shit but hey I'd like to fuck around my age. You seen or killing them. You know what I'm saying? You got to be careful man. Real talk. You got to ask questions. You know when motherfucker too young for you, you know it.


Some of you motherfucker was at them school high schools when you were 21, 22 picking up them young girls, some of motherfuckers you nasty motherfuckers but then wanna to get around here and talk shit about why Kelly nigga show me. Y'all nigga doing Kelly too? Yeah, bill a girl. Look Bill Belichick girlfriend is 24 years old. That's a motherfucking baby. Some of y'all got dos on her right now. That's 24 and 25. How would y'all feel if a man bill, a bill, check age, dating your daughter? Give a damn how much money you got because money ain't, we ain't talking about money.


How would y'all feel if a man 75 years old dating your dog, your house niggas wouldn't like it one motherfucking bit and it's a lot of things been going on. Some of us fellas on here had kids when you young, you know what I'm saying? 18. You know what I'm saying? You you 36 right now. 37 30 you got a dog or 20 years old. Some of your own homeboys that you grew up with shooting they shot at your dog. That's bullshit. If you got a partner that got a dog, maybe she's beautiful, maybe she's fine. You gonna holler at your partner dog. Man that shit off limits. You don't even look at her. It's some sick ass niggas around here and I got to call y'all got on this shit. That's not real man. Any partner of mine got a dog or whatever it is.


I don't look at them. Any partner of mine got a old lady girlfriend. I don't look at, I don't want nothing my homeboy family members got at all because I know niggas will kill you behind a woman. Real talk my homeboy, I love a friend of mine. Whatever. I'm not looking at your the whole family. I'm not looking at your girl. There's too many women out here for that. We got, we gonna lost respect for one another. Most of all we gonna lost respect for ourselves because money. You know what I'm saying? It's a lot of lame niggas with money and they feel like money can solve everything. It can't. Money can't out lame a nigga man. It can't man. Nigga niggas be the goofiest niggas in the world but I got money.


Yeah you got money nigga. But you still a goofball. Take the money away from you and you steal a motherfucking goofball. It's the world we live in now. You know what I'm saying? They be trying to put people in in in a box. Stop letting people put you in the box man. You can do what you going to do. You know how many people secretly don't like me 'cause I get up prayer and I talk this bullshit and this and that. Who are you? I'm bubba motherfucking dub somebody who going to get on this show and keep it 100 with y'all? 'cause I'm not like something of y'all. I ain't gotta kiss no ass. I can't say this about this player. I can't say fuck all that. The nigga didn't play Wolf a damn tonight. He just didn't play Wolf a damn. That gonna mean I dislike him. I just say he didn't play Wolf a damn tonight.


That's all. That's all I like. I love him. He love them but I'm just calling them out on they bullshit. That's it. Same way you gotta do with people in your life. You gotta call 'em out on bullshit. Start letting bullshit slide. We don't talk. Everybody wanna call you for shit this and that. But when you need them they never around. So guess what? The next time they call you don't be there for 'em. I gotta a rule now. If I don't talk to you every day, you don't call me if I'm not really in your call log mix like that. You can't call and ask me, borrow me, borrow money from me. I need you to call the people that you talk to every day or every other day that you associate with associate with all the time.


I'm gonna need y'all to start calling them, asking them for shit because I'm not the one, I'm not the one, I'm not going to do it. I and you can't make me feel bad or sorry for you and you can't do it. I know y'all got people that play on your, they'll play on your kindness man. I'm gonna call that dude. Look I know he'll look out for me man. Nah nigga you. I said I got a rule too. If the loan companies ain't letting y'all loan, letting y'all borrow no money, then why should I? They got more more money than me and if them niggas turning y'all down, I need to be doing the same motherfucking thing. Telling y'all the truth.


Y'all can sit around here and look dumb and ugly. All you motherfucking won't but you better get your shit together 'cause it won't be long. Like I told you, January 20th gonna be a change going on in America. Whether it's gonna be good or whether it's going be bad. But one thing about Donald Trump being in office, one thing about Trump being in office, he gonna touch on some touch. One thing I can say about Trump, Trump straight shit. Shit Trump like that. Trump like that market. Roy. I stay ready for a business idea.


I stay ready for a business idea. Shit. I'm trying to grow this show shit. Y'all helped me grow this show. I know y'all be wanting to go everywhere else and and but shit, everybody everywhere else ain't doing what we doing. I'm keeping the 100 with y'all talking this shit making you laugh, making your stomach hurt. Somebody on here could be depressed tonight. It ain't over. Keep pushing nigga keep pushing. A lot of people ain't got money problem a lot of people be having but just they ain't got no friends. They don't not associate with certain people. You know what I'm saying? You gonna have to change who you are. Man. If you, if you a good person, you ain't gotta change man. Real recognized real man. You ain't gotta buy no love either. Don't you buy no motherfucking love that motherfucker don't love you for the way you are.


You ain't gotta buy no love. You buy some ass but you ain't gotta buy no love. That's the different fellas. Stop trying to buy love and buy ads if you know this whole been god damn selling coochie, God damnit. That's just what it's, that's just what it's you can buy as but you can't buy love. That's real God. And we gonna be right here again tomorrow. Let the Lord say the same After the games. I'm gonna be going live again. Guess what? I'm gonna need y'all right here again. Tune in again with me. Homeboy called me earlier. Hey dog police done got behind me. Said if you gonna hear from me in a couple hours, you know why I'm met.


Come and get me. No you take your ass to jail on a weekend. Your ass aint nothing Monday. I'm not coming down there and trying to do a motherfucking thing. Yeah man. I said man the law behind why you tripping? Oh man you know me man. I'm riding dirty. I done told you niggas by riding dirty. I done told you niggas about riding dirty. It's 2025. Y'all niggas still trying to sell that white stuff. Your ass deserve to be in jail. They ain't worried about the green but you won't run around here selling the white stuff. Okay nigga they got a place for your ass and I can't be associated with that kind of shit no more man. I don't think I'm better than nobody but I got my own movement going.


I can't be throwing away what I got to be around some bullshit my nigga. I love you still but I gotta love you from afar like a family. You can't bring that shit around me man. I'm a brand now. Most niggas don't be on respect that, that I'm a brand. Ah man. You think you better? No I don't dog. I got a lot of shit going. You know what I'm saying? Niggas like me really going make it from where we from. This is a blessing. I'm not finna throw my blessing away just to, just to try to appease a nigga. No, no I'm not not gonna do it. So do what you do but do that shit away from me. I want my name up. No that big first thing they do. Your partner doing that. He got a new car, dude must be helping him. No nigga helping sell I'm put me in that shit bad enough.


I got family members don't like me now because I'm I'm successful. Put in Bernie vo buckle buckle and that go for you. You got friends or family ain't fucking with you 'cause you doing your thing. Buckle. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight. That's my time. Peace and love out The Volume.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon, Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year, but what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon Music, music to podcast fast shipping? What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier, so whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for? Give the gift of sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors, and they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select Jlab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the Jlab Blue box at retailers everywhere or visit jlab.com.


Today,


Cheap Caribbean is celebrating more than just the new year. In 2025, cheap Caribbean vacations is celebrating its 25th birthday too. You're invited to join in on the birthday fun, and book a beach vacation with more savings. Now through February 3rd, you can unlock up to $250 off site-wide vacation packages. Celebrate these awesome savings at your favorite beach and book your next all-inclusive vacay@cheapcaribbean.com. Your $250 off is waiting


the New Year's here. It's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.