
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume Y'all already knew I had my girl on. Don't act like you didn't know. Don't act like you. Where you at? Where you at? Thomas? Where you at? Where you at? Where you at? Bruce Smith, where you at?


I need all my Bill Nation that's in the chat right now. Come on, all my raving nation. Come on Eagle Nation. Come on Ram Nation, come on. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Ladies and gentlemen, hit the like button and when you do, make sure you hit the subscribe button when you do. I'm gonna give y'all time to get settled. I'm gonna give you time to get settled down for a minute. Don't even grab your drink, don't even grab your smoke because we gonna turn up tonight. Sunday night. We had some ball games today.


We had some ball games today, ladies and gentlemen, ladies, fellas, studs. I got some stu to watch this show too. I got some motherfucker studs that don't grab no raws and I like to play with them. Eagle beat. We'll get the game in the minute. Let's talk about the game we just got through watching the Buffalo Bills. Yeah, just to figure the Baltimore Ravens tonight. 27 to 25 And all I'm hearing on social media right now, don't you blame got off tonight. Let's talk about it supposed to be MVP. Probably gonna rev MVP again.


But when it come down to the big games, when it come down to the big games, y'all and there's plenty of blame to go around. I ain't gonna just put it on fam, but when it come down to the big games, he can't get the job done. Don't you know what white folks do you when you can't get the job done, they get rid of your ass. And I don't care about no big contract or none of that. We care about winning. We are talk Lamar Jackson is James Harden of the football league. Do you hear me? By all out during the regular season. Come play off this motherfucker mission when it come to the Big James or Mark Jackson go missing.


Damn dude he can't throw the ball and catch the ball himself. You right. But he did throw an interception didn't he? He did fumble didn't he? You legal you ahead. You got lead this team now Joe Blacko ain't never won now motherfucker mvp but he damn show got a Super Bowl ring don't he? Well the Morgan won two then it'll be 3M VP but he ain't going to no damn Super Bowl is it? No. Oh it's a new year. We got Derrick Henry, we unstoppable. We just beat bought, we just beat Buffalo four five or except eight weeks ago. Ran through them same way my baby mama ran through the same way.


Derrick Henry rung through them holes a couple of weeks ago against the Buffalo bill but woo have time changed on both sides of the ball. You got Derrick Henry now all year this big nappy neck motherfucker been catching the ball like the backfield but today he couldn't fucking catch nothing. Tell me I'm lying. Tell me my eye lying. I see better. I can hear. Do you hear me? I see better than I can hear. I seen Derrick Henry drop the damn ball right his fucking hands. You seen them Mark?


That's your leader. All that. The team see that the team feed off that shit. What you need to be doing is going over there, getting in the hug. Look motherfucker don't you down ball. Do you hear me? Got a job to do and we gonna do it didn't do it. Yeah and I'm not putting all the blame on the mark. I'm just telling from what I done seen the longest. He done been in this motherfucking league. He been bald in like this. He been getting to the playoffs where he ain't fucking been dancing though. It's all about advance it season. Don't y'all know about time when they go up there they give you a advance. If you got some dependents, some of you might get a thousand dollars a advance.


Some of you might get 1500. You give advance when you do good. Well God damnit, you're not getting a advance today 'cause you did bad Derrick Henry, you got Derrick hearing. You give him 16 carriers 80, 84 yards. That mean he running the ball goddamn food now keep giving it to him. But the media, the NFL, the good old boys want to sit up here and tell me and you that John Harbaugh is a great coach. You a motherfucking liar. He need to retire. What you go and get him for not to give him the ball. What you It's just like having a kid and you not gonna take care of it.


Why the hell you doing it now? I gotta sugar PR and here y'all motherfuckers cry. Don't blame no mark. I'm blaming everybody on the motherfucker team at March and Andrews motherfucker you gotta go fumbling and drop at the ball. You coulda tied it up but you dropped it and you think that motherfucker gonna come into the locker room with me after the game. See you. This don be goddamn damn hands thrown in that locker room tonight. Tell me I'm lying. Y'all tell me I'm lying now.


First drive, I mean first hand came out, the mark went down the field tossed down the basement. I'm like oh shit. Oh my god. The Mark Finn finna do what he doing. Josh Allen came right back down there and you know what I'm saying back told okay they gonna go at it. All of a sudden the mark started running around running backwards. So nothing good happens when the quarterback running backwards. Now he next thing you know though, he fucking fumbling then next thing you know he throwing in a self and the biggest game this when you gotta play your best baby this when you gotta be flawless. And I know some of y'all saying man, everybody else ain't flawless shit.


How many turnover Josh Allen had When we get to that big pot belly motherfucker in a minute. How many turnovers he had? None. He didn't play the best game but he didn't have no turnover. The difference in the game. Drop balls and turnovers. Yeah, Baltimore had three turnover. Buffalo had zero zero turnover tonight and I didn't really give a damn who really won the game. I'm supporting my homie Keon Coleman. But I would like to see Lamar go to the Super Bowl and get him one. But just what He can't he can't. He can't fucking deliver good as he is y'all. And I do mean Lamar Jackson is him during the regular season. But I can't count on this motherfucker during the postseason.


That's all I'm saying to y'all Asian gentlemen. You go out and get Gary Henry you are running. Oh you 19 motherfucking rushes always. But when you need him to march, his head ain't in the motherfucking can. Huh? Baltimore know it hurt. Oh it gotta hurt 'cause some of my brothers y'all wanna take off for Lamar. I get it. I understand. But you got to hold that motherfucker feet to the fire too. We got to start holding everybody accountable. We gotta start Henry now I'm gonna do something better than that shit. I'm blaming Ray Lewis coming out there with that bull ass bullshitting ass sliding nigga you ain't shooting up no damn mo.


You get your bad look ass up outta him. Your antler spray wearing ass. You ain't on the field. They over there looking at you sliding and shit and they they ing off there. They ing off this shit. I'm telling y'all sir, I wrote weeks ago, just a new Buffalo team as my cousin down there slim down there now told Texan, I told his hot ass. This is a different Buffalo team y'all. I've been up there in the trenches with him. Y'all I've been talking to my boy Keon every day on the phone man say dub, I know Derrick Henry rang all over us last time but we will win this game. That's what he told me And he wasn't lying at all.


Josh Allen didn't have the best game. Y'all 16 for 27. Well 16 for twenty two, a hundred twenty seven yards. He didn't have a best game but he controlled the clock. He made sure they didn't have turnovers, he got timely first downs. That's what a quarterback do. Yes, Lamar Jackson came back and drove him down the field game time. All that was great. But if you take care of business early you ain't gotta worry about trying to do no hero shit. That's all I'm saying to y'all. If fam don't throw any substance, if fam don't fumble, if Mark, if Mark Andrews don't fumble and drop the ball, just maybe y'all will win.


Just maybe y'all will win. You can't turn it on and turn it off. It don't work like that in the NFL ladies and gentlemen. Yeah it's 60 minutes in a ball game motherfucker. You gotta have balls to the wall, you got to run it. You got the focus. Whatever you gotta do, you got to. You got to zone in and I just didn't see it the night I seen him drop passes from Derrick Henry. Mark Henry. I seen Lamar Jackson get kind of flustered, wouldn't really run in the rock like he'd normally run the Rock. He was trying to m look around and try to make passes most of the time instead of just taking off and running with the goddamn ball.


Normally he'll take off and go with it but the night he was running and still trying to look, maybe it hit somebody for some good yard. Maybe he don't got to have your mind already made up. When I look here and look here they ain't open. I'm taking off with this motherfucker. That's what you do as a quarterback. And then do that tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry to tell y'all that What y'all think Lamar Jackson is? He's not. He's a very, very, very good football player. Before him putting them rings on y'all mother fucking fingers, he's not going to be able to do it in Baltimore. Maybe it's too cold for him playing up there in in that kind of weather. Maybe he need to go back home maybe Miami or somebody. You know what I'm talking about. Tour fish tool ain't gonna do it for y'all. Dolphin go and try to make a trade or give him something for the more maybe he can go down there and thrive.


But in this cold weather he ain't working for fam. He tip tiptoeing out there motherfucker you got on cleats. What? You tiptoeing hit that hole and go. I don't even know what y'all got to say for y'all self tonight. What y'all think about this game we just watched tonight? Huh? Y'all gonna blame Mark Andrews all night and show me. Y'all gonna put the blame on the mark. I'm putting it all the way around but if you wanna be 100, I'm gonna be 100 with you. I'm putting 55% of the blame on Lamar. TO Jackson AKA Lamar Harden. That's who I'm putting it on. Lamar Harden 55% make no mother fucking sense to me.


Real talk. He ain't, he ain't the only one that's out here bullshitting. Some of you women out here bullshitting going to these grocery stores acting like they five star restaurants. Real talk, real talk and you ain't got nothing but a motherfucking food stamp card in your hand but you're going back there to the seafood spot and let me get some crab lead and some lobster and tail. Oh is that Sword Fish? Oh let me get some sword fish. Knowing you ain't got no motherfucking sword fish skillet at your house Sword fish this goddamn damn big. But you trying to get it and take it home knowing damn where them sexy. Eight apartment freezers ain't that damn big. Now your ice cream melted and and melted beside the old as op you got in your freezer.


I'm so sick of you motherfucking ho. You know them rag freezers can't hold that much. Y'all done crammed everything in that motherfucker. The kids pop sugar taste like Sam and CRO kids make it make sense holding up the line and shit. I'm thinking you finna pull out four $500 and pay for all this seafood shit you got and you up in there asking for for a imported season. What kind of fucking imported Pap Rico bitch you can't even spell it. Truffer Oil. What's Truffer oil last you fucking oil But for breakfast now your ass eating lobster on this and shit.


Yeah stuffed crab legs for lunch and shit. I can't stand you whole with eating that shit lying week. But when you get that stamp though, can't tell you a motherfucking thing And when I call your ass, hey man let me buy you stamp. I ain't selling no stamp but you, you'll sell some ass though. I don't want no ass. I stamps and I know what you thinking. Damn do you went from from that to ass. You motherfucking right I ain't right. I been telling that I ain't ain't got all hot y'all I'm whew.


I just nigga made to calm down man. Real talk if you just not tuning in man hit the light button man. Real talk man. I just got through talking about the Buffalo Bills in the, in the Baltimore Ravens now the Buffalo Bills, they about to go on and face the Kansas City Real Chiefs but they playing in Missouri you know man no motherfucking people up there in Kansas. Kansas City. AKA Kansas, Missouri. Them motherfucker been getting on my ass. We playing in Missouri. I the damn team say Kansas City though nevertheless can Josh Allen go up there and beat that zebra? It's just a question. Lemme tell y'all something. And that's the motherfucking goat, that's Zebra is the goddamn goat. I'm putting it on the line right now and saying the Buffalo Bills will defeat the Kansas City Chiefs next Sunday.


That's what I'm saying. I feel it. I feel it in the air like feel night I can feeling come Yeah tonight. Hold on y'all. That's what I'm man lemme tell y'all something man. Kansas City ain't got nothing but they zebra and that old ass Kelsey over there. This the way Buffalo Bills can beat Kansas City. Lemme tell you some real shit. And and and and I ain't gonna hold nothing back. Real talk if they can get the Mahomes early and I do mean early and I hit that motherfucker often. They might get a couple flags through on because you know they got the reps on they side but if they can get to Mahomes early yeah get him antsy in the pocket and shit.


He'll turn that motherfucking ball over, don't forget it. He'll throw three or four picks. That's all you gotta do is hit him early and watch what happened to Mahomes to get the tap dancing back there and get to throwing them no looks and throwing 'em right into the boys in blue. Mark my words. If the Buffalo bills get the that boy early, they will come out and win this game. But if they don't, if they don't get to early and get him off his sweet spots, Kansas City going to win. It's gonna be a close game like this one just well with Buffalo and Baltimore, if they gonna to get him off his sweet spot, Kansas City chief will be out there. New Orleans again eating pasta Rick.


They'll be right down there eating pasta. Real motherfucking talk. I'm telling you what God love. Now the game before that in the LA wifi rings a good motherfucking game before the snow came say Barkley it's him Tell you got man that's him and no Jalen Hart. Jalen hurts Dick came out on on a, on a, on a re officer and took that motherfucker 44 yards. I say God damn hurt slow but that motherfucker was moving though. 40 oh oh shit he was gonna run through around shit. Staff was saying I be damn I'm a deacon dunk down the field now know about dunk Don that got the king of Dinkin Dons and that's why we right at the motherfucking house.


Now I get to that co back to the Rams and the good goddamn game. Staff got to give you props. Oh man you did all you could do real talk, you brought your team back. It was a good game but at the end of the day Billy had a little too much firepower. AJ Brown, you dropped about two or three ball fa you, you need to put that motherfucking book down during the games. You need to read the book before the game. During the game. You need to be locked in when you hitting your ball right in your hands and shit. What they doing? They at let's go back to my point y'all, when the big games you got to be there baby. Yeah you got to be on point.


You already know hers ain't been throwing the ball that well. You already know he ain't been getting you the ball now he's getting you the ball. You got to do something with it baby. Because I don't know about next week I, I don't, I don't know if Barley gonna be able to that rock against the Washington wrist ends like that. I don't know Now the previous two games he was doing what he was doing against him but who knows what Dan, Dan Quinn got up his sleeves right now. I'm just saying they might sell everything out just to stop Barkley and and make her become a thrower again. I don't know but what I seen today from the Eagles that defense that number one defense they getting into that motherfucking quarterback.


Jalen Carter is him now. Fletcher Kyle's big ass ain't there no more but they got Jalen Carter and he's doing his damn job on that defense. If you ain't seen big number 93 he's him. He's clogging up that he's him Now the Eagles run game ain't that good. I mean run defense ain't that good 'cause Kyron Williams for the round had what 19 s 106 yards against him today. I'm pretty sure Washington going wanna run that ball against the Eagles whether it's the run it back ler or was it, was it Robinson or is it Jayden Daniel can we know that young man will run that ball. Ain't it something that rookie quarterback got more playoff wins than Dak Let that sink in.


Cowboy fans I'm won two part-time, part-time beer fan pull us together, we hold. That's all I'm saying. Put that together Dak. It being the lead nine, 10 years and Jay Daniels already done accomplished with that. Dun done ain't ain't that some shit y'all Jerry Jones. I know that motherfucker can't sleep right now. Two NC East teams playing in the NFC championship. Eagles s Ain't that something y'all Ain't that something as a Cowboy fan I had to do something about this shit. That's why I got on this buffalo bill girl right here. Some of you mad duh.


I don't like all that. I don't give a damn what you this is me. I'm gonna sleep good every night I lay down. I'm not gonna bed mad because my team lost. Hell no. I'm riding with I wanna win. No I want win God damnit I want them with the buffalo. I done been up there, I been up there in the snow twice for 'em. God damnit they accept me for who I am. They accept me in all my flaw. So I'm just you to tell y'all I'm a poor cowboy fan. Poor Buffalo Bill fan.


Deal with it. Deal with it.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at the Daily Show which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports and more from John and the team of correspondents and Contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else like extended interviews and roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Now this matchup coming up with the Eagles in the Commanders' gonna be one of the best mother in games of the year. I hope it don't snow. I only see me two black quarterbacks. Let's give it up for that Two black quarterbacks in the NFC championship game going at it. And and and it's a sight to see with Jalen Sip. She hersch from down here in eighth time and you got Jayden Daniels for the Washington Commander. Oh rookie leading his troops on the road to the Super Bowl. Y'all it's a beautiful thing to watch right here. And I'm telling you right now I got this game, I got this going to be a high scoring game. I ain't gonna think they going to hit 40 points but I think it might be around in the high thirties who I got winning.


I can't even say y'all. I mean part of me wanting to say the Eagles part of me wanting to say the commanders I'm gonna stay outta this one 'cause this really ain't my motherfucking business really ain't my business. I do think it's gonna be a great game. I do. I feel like Jayden Daniels can do whatever he want to do on the football field for the simple fact he got coaches over there that like to put him in the right position to win. Yeah. I like to get you off the edge with some bootleg. Like to run some read option, give you an option to hand it off or run it or the RPO So you can hand it off or you can pass it. That's what I like about what the Washington Commanders is doing with them. Sometimes they let Jaylen hears do the read option RPO most of the time but for the most of the time they been relying on Quan bark now he got banged up.


I don't know if y'all watched the game or noticed it hurt his arm. It could be broken. We don't know. He came back and finished the game but we gonna know So you can best believe watching commander players are going to be aiming for that, for that hand broken. They gonna be trying and I don't blame you got if a marry hurt you gotta go out and I think that's what he they going going do. But it's gonna be a great game. You just got to tune in and watch it. NFL playoffs it's lit. It's on fire right now and and it's coming down to the end y'all. You got the, you got the commanders going against the Eagles, you got the bills going against the chiefs. Who going to come out on top? I don't know but I know my black ass going to tune in and watch this shit.


Who you got is the question? You got the, you got the zebra, you got Josh Allen Who they trying to because they been working their jelly and I told y'all two weeks ago if the Baltimore Ravens lose, Lamar gonna win MVP And I told y'all that if Lamar lose he gonna win MVP and they gonna somehow find a way to get either Josh Allen to that Super Bowl or get the zebra to the Super Bowl so he can win three in a row. I'm telling y'all this is how they going. He already the face of the league. This is how this shit work and I'm gonna keep watching it 'cause I know this shit ring. I don't give a damn. I'm gonna keep watching the sports. I love it Brady. He got seven mother fucking rings. They got to have somebody else to come in and rival that.


At least get close to that. Patrick and Holmes is the perfect man for that. Why you saying that? Duh. Because he black and he white. Do you understand what I'm telling you? Do you understand what I'm telling you? He's a see bro that means he got a motherfucking chance to do it now the best head coach still in the playoffs is Andy Reed. I love Andy Reed one. I think he's the best his coach in the NFL right now. I don't think nobody has done what he's done. I know you got Bill Belichick but he's not knowing Andy Reed. Bill Belichick ain't calling no motherfucking plays Big Andy Reed wore and steal Leo.


That motherfucker over got that big clipboard and got a bowl of chili right there. You can't even see it y'all. But any reason we eating chili on the God sideline and I don't blame him 'cause it's cold. It's cold enough for a polar brother to come out there in Kansas, Missouri. What ain't playing that. Let me get that rifle. Them niggas get mad because you know how they is up there but I'm just telling y'all y'all there's some great football that's being displayed y'all And for once I'm loving it, y'all can keep making the cowboy come this all you want your team B at the dub don't give a damn y'all I talk y'all y'all can get mad. Call me Bandwidth. I don't give a damn.


I'm still going come over here and give y'all my Annie which ain't nothing bugging my opinion. It don't make it right but I'm just telling you how I see things. I told you I see better than I can hear. Talk to me, talk to me now. I I'm I'm Bills mouth to your girl now. Yeah I already don't bring up the team done flew me out and everything so y'all can say what y'all wanna say about you a cowboy. Cowboys ain't invited me to now motherfucking game Buffalo don't they bought me all this girl had and all this other shit. So guess what I'm with Bills my bills right now. Talk to me on, I wanna talk. I wanna see what y'all got to say here tonight. I I don't give a damn what people say man I'm a content creator man.


I'm a comedian man. I'm entertain. My job is to come over here and entertain y'all when y'all feeling down And now it's my job to uplift you. Y'all be on here man. Take our team jerseys y'all motherfucker. You don't own no team. What team you own. Only thing you got in your name is Facebook and you know it and want to tell me what I can and can't work. I'm aware wherever the hell I more wear I don't tell you what to wear. So why you telling me what to wear? Why y'all trying to stop me from being happy? I don't understand that. Let me be happy y'all be acting like I done something to y'all personal. I ain't done nothing to y'all and I know y'all don't give a damn about me 'cause I'm seeing what y'all doing to nearly and Snoop Dogg.


Snoop Dogg. I don't know what y'all doing Going up there tap dancing for Trump. Put them niggas on y'all ass. Them Negroes on y'all ass right now and they not letting up Soldier boy. You don boy I I I know y'all I I know y'all were mad when Trump won but I didn't know y'all were gonna be mad at people went up there and performed shit. Man I seen so many hate comments towards Snoop. That's Snoop Snoop 75. That man been smoking weed since he was eight. He don't know what the hell he doing. Y'all hope Man y'all need to wake up y'all.


I told y'all this and and I don't give a fuck about politics. I think this shit fun. It don't matter who the president is y'all. You still got to go to work every day and do your motherfucking job at the end of the day. It's all that matter. Go to work and do your job and take care of your family man. Don't matter who in office they going to do what the fuck they want to do. I know some of the women are mad man we want Kamala Harris. Well even if Kamala Harris was in office, you still got to take your motherfucking ass to work. That's all I'm saying. Now this the same Kamala Harry had Megan thee stallion them up there shaking ass. I got daughters. I don't want my daughter watching women up there shaking mama can I asks do y'all hope I'm just being real do y hope no trying raise some young beautiful women.


I ain't trying to raise no motherfucking ho. Even though I got hoes in my family, in my family, you know I'm staying with 'em. I'm saying to you I'm trying to raise two beautiful young girls and I already got holes in my thing. Hell I'm wanting, you know what I'm saying? That shit could trickle down. I don't wanna do that. You know I ain't no corners out there but I don't wanna do that so forgive me if I don't want my children watching that bullshit. I know some of y'all men on here got dog now some of you got dogs that stripping you don't like it but guess what, you still love her twerking booty ass in your pos too. In your pos too. Y'all seen play club.


Y'all seen Diamond in a shaking ass going to college and shit. Diamond was in there doing what she supposed to do. What? Showing her public hairs. She even had her cousin come down. Who was her cousin? Y'all Ebony. Ebony come down. She wanted to keep Ebony outta trouble. Well guess what? She brought Ebony to the trouble. Eby was in that motherfucker shaking ass. Yeah. Yeah. Turn around. Yeah you can start the night if you want to. Yeah that's what Berg told her. You can start the night if you want to And she did but what But what's the mistake Diamond made? I'm telling you women and men real shit. What the mistake Diamond did moving her cousin into the house with her and her man.


Her man that she make at the strip club. This how problems start putting you on gang. She already stick your fine. He already mad that you dancing at that dumb ass club. You going to work. She a drunk. She at the house. What you think gonna happen? Huh? Do what you think gonna happen? You, you think you, you think land's wrong for shit? I want you to but I wouldn't have done it at the house. That nigga wouldn't thinking I'm not hitting you while I lay my head. Never. Mm this is shit. I'm a roast too. I got hands lay eggs in this motherfucking coop. I'm not hitting you here. I woman hug.


Well she worked at the club parking lot. Come here. Well God man was Finn take her shit you I'm just telling y'all the truth for now. Y'all y'all don't want listen to me. Y'all like that old boring ass shit. Other people talk to y'all, the other people y'all be Oh for real. Don't be bullshitting y'all. Y'all don't wanna hear the truth. I'm gonna give you the truth. I'm gonna break it down. Simplify so what y'all can understand. But I'm trying to tell you here tonight, what I'm trying to tell you is man trouble easy to get into but it's hard to get out. That's all I'm saying. Sometimes you people be so up and they so sensing sometimes you just need to smoke some weed baby. I ain't trying to tell you to do drugs but I'm just telling you sometimes you just need to hit the weed. Ask my people down there in my hometown Darl green.


He'll tell you about that. This ain't trash I got. Ask Gilly kill about this, this ain't trash smoke. They'll tell you straight gas got the real oil. That shit in Saudi Arabia. Damn right. Make a camel, make a camel pass out if you smell some of this shit I I you in LA going to get it. Jokes is up. Pull up. Tell 'em you want that dish ain't trash bubble do they got you niggas around here hollering. Y'all got pressure you ain't got shit but heart attack smoke nigga that shit ain't hitting no nothing. Got all them chemicals and shit in your weed and shit. You have a smooth face now you smoking that shit now you got bumps every motherfucking where and you think you finna hit my street never your face bumping.


And I say I wasn't gonna use the N word. I'm sorry. By defending anybody, by using the N word. I'm trying to get outta using the N word. I'm trying to replace the N word. So if my real fans on here is watching this show, we gonna come up with a word to replace the n word for me. I really wanna stop using it y'all 'cause I got some white friends and they like through you use it and and and we should be able to use it. Bow use your YouTube bow. I I put it, I do it and you know I do it. I'm like gle, I'm drunk of fever. I like getting high real talk. I know white people. I know we cool we hang out but I know when we ain't around y'all saying the N word it's cool but it is how you use it.


It's all I'm saying. If you saying that the A is cool but if you using it with the earth it's a problem. It's a problem. That's all I'm saying. We know y'all it in the song Don't around don't try to skip it. Don't do it. Don't say it but say it the right way. You say it the other way. You can cancel Christmas. You can cancel Christmas. Lemme tell y'all something. Ain't nothing like showing up to wife Ohio unannounced. You show up to them wife Ohio. I'm gonna tell y'all some real, some of 'em, most of 'em just like her but I just, I just gotta paint this picture man. Just some real shit because they, they try to paint a picture about this black folk. Lemme tell y'all something.


There's some white folks out here nasty damn motherfucker. I ain't see they got rats and roaches too. Don't let 'em lie to you. Acting all ugly and all that and you got goddamn jungle roaches in this motherfucker. Oh man somebody left the wind up. Ain't nobody left no motherfucking wind up. You ain't took the trash out Chad ask you to do I want some of this dirt meat I did. I don't want it now when did you kill this dirt? Do you got a tag for this dirt? You know I'm real cool with the gang boy too. I call him right motherfucking now and he'll smell that dirt nuts and let you know how old this dirt was. You got to be a bad motherfucker to smell of dirt, nuts to tell how old it sick.


What kind of school you niggas gonna because I wanna know can I smell this whole cat or not and let me know how many miles she got. Ain't that something I got a big ass nose. I ain't bullshitting I want, I wish I had the power smelly holds the job ain to tell me how many miles she got on the motherfucker. Is it airplane miles? Is it 40 F-150 miles? Is it Chevy Caprice Miles. I want talk to me. I wanna know if you watching this show


do you better know it's being presented by prize picture. Write there, scan that boy code right there. Put type in trash two hs. First time users you put $5 in you get 50 but that but that's small talk. We talking big money don't and put you a hundred in real talk. Yeah go and put your hundred in. You betting more or less on your favorite player.


I know some of y'all probably at work working graveyards here and can't watch me 'cause your boss being nosy. Watch you on the camera, put your headphones on and go with Apple podcast and go with Spotify. Type in The Bubba Dub Show on Apple podcast and the Spotify and now here I am right there. You can listen to me all day and download it. That's what I'm asking y'all to do. We'll talk two weeks. Kiss me in Minnesota. I'm on the weeker Warrens tour. We we the Warrens tour. Mike Ups the host. You got Corey Ho? Yeah you got Lil Duval, you got Carlos Miller, you got Mojo Brooks, you got Haha Davis, you got the skit maker Country.


Wayne got Tony Roberts, Detroit fines and most of all you got that black ass bubble door letting you know right now my real fans that will come out and support me get to them shows early once again 'cause I'll be going up like second or third get there early So you can see me do my motherfucking thing. And I promise you you won't regret spending your hard earned money coming to see me do my thing. It's just the start baby. Just the beginning. We're going to the top. Not just me. We we a motherfucking team. We are talk because I make it. We all make it. He knows what.


If you're watching this show then we got something we call a hell no segment. One of my fans hit me up today Bubble do I know you up there in Buffalo getting ready to go to the game. Hell no. I'm not gonna pick up the neighborhood fucking snow shit. I like to froze the devil up there last time I damn near have froze Frost bite. No hell no. I'm not going up there. I be damned the devil is a lie. I'm I love Buffalo. I warm to wind before me going back up there in the snow right now. I'm not gonna be able to do it y'all when white people tell you it's cold motherfucker it is cold. It's so motherfucking cold. A polar burger ain't come out. That's how cold shit.


I see why Lamar lies. You seen why Lamar tip knocked up? That's a different kind of cold up than Buffalo. That's damn near calendar. If you ain't never been up there ain't relay nothing up there no way. But if you ain't ever been up there don't go. Just cold motherfucker up there up though. Real talk trash of the day going to Mark Andrews for the a Baltimore raid Trash. You supposed to be a premier tight end fam. Yeah you know Lamar love you. He always throwing the ball you, you ain't throw it to his own damn receivers. But he always throwing to you and he couldn't count on you tonight. Big Dog. Two drops that could potentially won the game for your team and you fumble. Now I know as a player I don't wanna put too much shit on the players 'cause they just play us at the end of the day.


You play trash today is you a trash player? No you play trash, play like trash today. So what you need to do, get in the off season and get better. That's what, that's all about getting better. A lot of you players that watch me and you call y'all trash. God damnit Bella. That's all you got to do. If you don't want me to call you trash, then God damnit you should play Bella. Simple as that. That's all you don't wanna hear God damnit don't play like it. I call it like I see it. Once again, thank y'all for tuning into The Bubba Dub Show. I see y'all again tomorrow when I go live. Peace and love out The Volume.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.