
This is an iHeart podcast. Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC, Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com.


I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh.


There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself. Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


The volume What it do everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. I've been waiting on y'all so hopefully y'all been waiting on me. Just got through watching the OKC defeat the the Mingle Circle Timber Wood before we even dive in that You know, you see it right there in front of you. You hit the like button, hit the Subscribe button, You know, make sure you keep your notifications turned on when you are over here on the Bubba Do Show. I'm gonna give y'all little means to check in. I know maybe some of y'all probably smoking. Trying to roll your one up, trying to pull you a drink to watch you. Boy I'm gonna give you a couple seconds to go on and get yourself ready 'cause goddamn we going to have a whole lot of fun here tonight.


I promise you that. See what y'all got going get in the chat with y'all right quick before I even get started. Man. What he do Eric? What'd it do? Jay smile. What'd it do Drew R what'd it do? What'd it do now? The OKC? Yeah, the Oklahoma Thunder. Yeah, the Oklahoma Thunder knocked the pre-cum out Anthony Evers ass tonight. That's what they did. Knocked the pre-cum out's ass So ain't man ain't making no more kids rest of the damn year. Ain't man supposed to be the face of the league. My twin. Some of y'all say a lot of people say it though. First quarter nine goddamn points back against the wall.


You come on Scope nine points as a team. First quarter trash goddamn timber Wolf, you a fox. Real wolf fight to the death, they fight to the end. Y'all didn't fight Rudy Goldberg. That motherfucker couldn't ride home with me on the team plane. I tell you that Rudy Goldberg could not hold on the flame with me. I'm choking him. Draymond Green all over again in the paint. Can't even give a guy damn rebound. I what? Gibble the ringers when you need, I need that pistol for him. Where's Gibble the ringers when you need, I need the pistol in the locker room for Rudy.


Seven three Can't get no rebound trash Don't make no damn sense to me. Bunny Marco. He finally got his game off the night a little bit. Julius Randall but god damn we needed that. The Muller games. Look what were you at? I ain't trying to take nothing away from the Thunder. What they done done this year? What they gonna accomplish? 'cause they pulled a ass whooping on Ant Man here today. But I, I'm saying it Ant man why you, why y'all didn't play like that? Just my damn Lakers. Y'all couldn't miss a shot at just my damn Lakers. But you play against the Thunder, you can't buy a damn shot.


I mean I don't, I mean this look man, look Shay had 34, Shay had 20 Jaylen, William had 19, they hit 50 points in the paint. They was up by 37. I mean what more can you, what more do you want from your team? The Thunder came out, they was at home like I told y'all they were gonna be, they were gonna be at home all them oil field Tycos and that motherfucker Billy Bob Thornton, he was in there filming the landline movie. He was there put her ass whooping on them timber wolfs night. I told y'all nigga so ain't going never win no damn championship. N think about it, they get all the best players in the world. They had Randy Mouse, they had Dante Cub Pepper, they had Chris Carter, they got them, they had one Kevin Garett, they had Stefan Marberry, they had a whole, they had Adrian Peterson, they had old ass stealing EBT card Brett Far.


They had all the great players in Minnesota but they still ain't what fucking on. Only thing you gonna win in Minnesota is a goddamn fishing tournament. That's about all before basketball and football. Never. This Lombardi ov and this goddamn grade right now if Minnesota ever win anything I thought I was gonna see a a a a hungry Wolfs team then. You know what man we gonna come out here tonight. We gonna give it all. I got y'all. Y'all act like y'all ate Joe's barbecue up there in Oklahoma got beat 1 24 at 94 lost by 30 round had 24 and man had 19 na rehab 11.


Terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible way to go out. How y'all feel about this game though? I knew OKC was going to win it but I just thought M so was gonna come out a little bit more fight. They came out like they drunk die Sprite. If you ask me that's how they looked today. It looked like they didn't want it look like they already knew they couldn't come back from down three one you can see in the player faces they was already ready for Cancun it. Man already ready for the bedroom. I you can see it's all over they face. I got to Caruso playing great defense. That boy right that bald headed young motherfucker is playing defense. I this damn world. I don't know about y'all. I don't know all outta Caruso but I think really Alice Caruso really 45 years old.


I really thought he look like he on meth. Tell me I'm lying. Alice Caruso look like he smoked meth. That's what he look like to me. But he don't, we know he don't good tremendous basketball player but that's how he look man. He look older than what he really is fam really 45, 47 years old I promise you. But the motherfucker move feet. He got quick hands and he, he, he he disruptive. He, he he just a all around good player Lakers and y'all let gig away. I'm impressed by OKC man will it be OKC will it be OKC versus the paces? You know that's the way it's looking like right now. And I think this gonna be a hell of a matchup if if if these are two teams that's gonna be in the NBA final US OKC Pacers.


I'm hearing some people say OKC in five. I don't know all about that. They yellow motherfucker ho ain't bullshit got is danged up the stands ready for what that nigga throw them things. I'm telling you he ain't like Pat my home daddy Pat my home daddy cool. Laid back smoking, sick smoking that Kush Hollow burn daddy. He ready to get it in. I'm ready to see what these places can do. I ain't trying to count my niche people out, but I can have a, I had a talk today but one of them rats, one of them rats to Pope. I dunno if y'all knew that. Now one of the rats in New York is a pope. He is a very, very good friend of mine and he told me that that that they wasn't gonna put up a fight.


They were going to lay it down and, and, and Indiana was gonna go on to the NBA fight. That's what I'm hearing from the Rat Hill Pope. Now, now I now this, this, this is a very credible source that I have from New York. Now I'm being real now. This ain't no bullshit. This is a real, real credible source that I have up there in NYC right now. And he's saying it's over. He's saying John Starks overweight man. I mean he's saying all kinds of nasty shit. I mean damn my shit that I don't really wanna say to the public because I don't wanna put that out there. All I'm saying is call Anthony Town ain't gonna be worth a damn tomorrow night and Nick it's over. Bronson you might put up 42 but you're going to lose.


I'm just telling you what, what, what's going to happen y'all So Nick fans, I love, You know my fan based in New York, I'll be up there real soon to do a show with y'all. But this series is over Indiana Pace will be going on to the NBA finals to face the OKC Thunder, two small market teams. I mean they gonna put out there, it's gonna be boring but it's not. It's gonna be a hell of a, it's gonna be a hell of a series right here man. You got the Mike Epps Indy 500 Pacers against the Oklahoma. Yeah Oklahoma. Yeah the blood of tus 48 running through him. Th don't be a goddamn serious. I can't wait to why, how do they match up SGA Halliburton, how do y'all see that match up playing out Then you got Miles Turner he's gonna be going against, what's that?


That big white motherfucker Thunder. Lemme just say this. You know my turner spread, spread the flow. You know he got behind that three point line and let that motherfucker rip and then and let it rip now, now after that get a little shaky I think. Okay see g him with the shit and went to Jalen Williams. Man it's all about who want it the most. Who make the least turnovers. Who communicating, who's getting the 50 50 balls. You know what I'm saying? Who getting, who getting back in transition. That's what it boils down to In, in the NBA final. Who getting back in transit Miss who keeping the turnovers low? Who hitting They free throws not island.


It's gonna be a hell of a series. I can't wait to watch but man, but but but but overall what's been going on today? It's been some real shit going on in the real world today. And we talking about Donald F. Trump. The F stands for fingering my president the 45th and the 47th president of America will put his hands on one of them hole and and sniff his fingers. I'm all I'm saying that's what he do. I ain't knocking him. I'm just saying that's what Donald Trump do. Well he done done some shit today that no other president didn't do. Not even Barack smoking black miles or, or Obama didn't do it. This man cane Larry Hoover do you heard I can say he Larry ho George watch rolling over in this goddamn brave right now.


Him and a Lincoln Linda them beat junk to cha. Right. Nixon can you get Clinton rolling over in they goddamn brave right now. That orange clown motherfucker in that office ain't bullshiting right now. And I know Doug, he just chameleon now. He, he important. He still got 200 something years to do. Ain't there something been locked up since 1973 and still got 200 year state time. Not my heavenly father. We can come this far for Trump to communion this man off his federal charges for him to come back and do 200 years. We ain't doing that shit.


That shit going to get dropped. Larry Hoover coming back home to Chicago commit and y'all better give him all the jerk chicken. They want her chicken commit. I need the sauce to go on top of it. Larry Hoover coming home ladies and gentlemen being in jail 1973 falsely accused. So they say being in jail 52 years man being in jail 52 years man still holding up. Still stronger than ever might be coming home man. Ain't god good man.


And Donald Trump ain't just out there. He who else he he pardoning. Who else he pardoned? He poisoning some N NBA YoungBoy. That N NBA YoungBoy pardoned. It's gonna be pills everywhere on this new goddamn damn pool. Do you hear me? He already done poisoning fentanyl. Smoking ass who act black now you gonna win And pardon N NBA YoungBoy And y'all think Trump gonna get the black boy? Shit N NBA YoungBoy got them cooked. Can you tell them young motherfuckers go out there and vote for Trump? They voting for who gonna tell them young niggas something.


I know I ain't, them young niggas were punish old niggas and they don't mind either. I learned earlier bring it to some young niggas at the store. I told one of 'em, nigga pull your pants up one of 'em praise their pants up and show me that pistol. I said man you wear your clothes however you want to little nigga do you want somebody out the store? Do you need gas? Do you need cash? I got you. I get back in the car my girl, I say you gonna let them young niggas talk to you like that. You damn right but you not gonna talk to me like that. I'm trying to get home. You talking about cooking meatloaf and ma and I I I need something that my girl, I'm just trying to tell y'all some real shit.


Y'all don't argue with these young niggas man. They ain't got no purpose. They don't give a fuck about nothing. They don't care about dying. They don't care about going to jail. They so if you find yourself in a situation with one of them young niggas who gets inching and just go like bro, just bro you got it dog. Father God died in heaven right there in front of Father God died in heaven. Man I am so sorry Father God this young man seem to be trying send me to you Lord. I love you but I ain't ready to join you yet. Heavenly Father, can you tell this young man everything gonna be okay? Can you tell this young man I got 1500 in my left pocket, 1500 in my right pocket. When you tell this young man heavenly father, he can, that's what I was saying to my Lord Savior.


That's what I was praying to. Y'all be praying for everything here I'm praying to God that this young nigga spared my life and he did that and I was quiet as I slowly backed away from that young, I was what a young man spared me. Peace spur out. You got it. You you got it big homie. That's what I'm telling the little homie you got it big homie. My bad. I get in the car now my girl think I'm finna take two ass whoopings in a row. She done lost her motherfucking mind. Now I was quiet with the young nigga but with her I'm a bad Soma bitch. Just telling You'all the truth. Trump also.


Pardon? John Rowland and Michael Grim, the Edge Connecticut governor and also New York congressman on tax. EVAs see if it's tax EVAs if it's bank fraud, Trump going pardon you every goddamn day. I'm telling you Trump giving out pardons like Oprah Winfrey giving out calls giving not calls. Pardon for you. Pardon for you. Pardon For you pardoning for you. I'm not bullshitting Trump doing a clearance sale on them criminal records. Real talk. Say what y'all gonna say about Trump? He releasing real news. Yeah the a kiss to it he gonna end up releasing that cop. Y'all so worried about that cop to kill George Floyd.


So when that cop get out go and do something about it, then you be bad news. He only doing it because he gonna freak that cop. Or if you so worried about it and mad about it then you gonna handle business then and otherwise shut the up. Larry Hoover coming home. Perry Hoover coming home man. Elijah Muhammad rolling over in his grave right now man. I know Brother Ferris. Lou Farrakhan is Louis Farrakhan. My brother, You know he's pleased wherever he at, he's at home right now with his family. Probably. Look at God man, look at God man Paul, y'all just don't know man that man that man is working, that man be working when y'all don't think he be working he be working but God know everything.


God know All I see and God know everything we do. Y'all be trying to like, trying to be like you going to hide from God. How you gonna hide from God? How? How you gonna hide from God? God know you a no good mother. He know it. He know you riding. He know you only with that girl for her apartment in her car. God know that God know you ain't what for Damn. Only reason you with that girl because her apartment in her car. If she didn't have neither that you wouldn't be with her. You was you. That's the problem with this nigga D day y'all, some users get your bluff ain't on them ho. And take that car from her.


You know get scared of you. So you always got the car, you dropping her off at her mama house. How you gonna drop your bitch off at her mama house? You leave nigga you disrespectful But I ain't heard, I ain't heard pointing no fingers. I ain't heard to judge nobody. I got my own goddamn problem. Me and Lene Bubba Lynn done found out about Shirley. I ain't even told y'all about Shirley. Goddamn. But Bob Lynn done went, got nosy, went through my damn phone and called Shirley. Look now these motherfuckers done make up. They what you call that stole Burlington. They gonna make up a goddamn Burlington and, and and and and I damn they, they in cahoots. They all wanna confront me like I told both of them old motherfuckers.


I ain't married to none of y'all. I give that beat to whoever I wanna give it to. You can't stop me. Bob Lynn talking about take me off her insurance and shit 'cause I was on Blue Cross, blue BlueShield fuck longer. I ain't on Blue Cross BlueShield. No, I'm on some real man. I'm I'm on some good ass insurance right now. I ain't, I ain't bullshitting y'all man. But, but man y'all women gotta stop going through it nigga phone stop fucking up y'all days like that man. You know something in my shit. It's, it's something that you don't need to see when you wanna go through it. Since you went through my shit in private. I want you to cry private too now I don't wanna hear, I don't want to see no material.


I don't wanna see none of that shit. Get it right. Those that motherfuckers you looking, fuck you gonna see me going through your shit going through my clothes. You got shit in your drawers Bitch. Bitch I'm sick. I been coughing and going on and and and I thought it and Little Boo came out okay I had shit in my drawer. What the hell? Why you, why you talking loud though? Like why You know a sudden we got neighbors? You, you getting lost? That's one thing about a woman y'all want front a nigga. Oh shit. Booy ass D Hey look, look bitch bitch stop playing with me. Stop. Look stop playing with me like that. Now I don't play like that now I I play a little sometimes but you going to little too goddamn far with this shit and you draw type shit man, that shit personal three me and you Some stands for so others mighty.


And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home Today if these walls could talk they would say safety JP Morgan Chase Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington DC So we all made mistakes, right, but owning up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula.


One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they ed up and I bringing back that OG cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything, goodness world stop with mint.


You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat.


Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart. Shit I mean I'm just, I don't know if y'all ever went through the shit I've been through but the shit I've been through it ain't good man. Shit hurt, You know what I'm saying? I've been through so much shit in my life. Y'all like y'all don't understand the shit that I go through on a daily life. You know what I'm talking about man, I got man, man imagine And I'm gonna tell this story just breaking news man. I'm gonna tell y'all some breaking news shit man. I was a Dallas Cowboy game one year man. I had everybody come over to the crib, I done barbecue and shit, You know what I'm saying?


You know family function, having a good motherfucker time. I had to drink. I back, You know I had red. I ain't had, I ain't had this ain't trash. I had the Reggie then, You know what I'm saying? I was just Bubba, I'm Bubba Dub now. Back then I was just Bubba having, You know I'm saying little situation at the crib with homeboys, You know people came through pull up me and my girl, we putting on fucking people and shit. You know, You know what I'm saying? Saying we, You know we bog everything with her food stamps. You know what I'm talking about. We ain't tripping shit. You know with the stamp. Nigga we good. I'm, I'm drinking and shit, smoking and shit, feeling good, living room dancing. Shit. I, I gotta go to the restroom. I'm finna go pee. I get ready to go to the restroom going there and pee. Man my, my girl in that, You know what I'm saying? Doming my uncle up like, like real tall.


I'm talking about, You know I ain't got that type of meat like that so, You know what I'm saying because the way her head was going way up, down and down, You know what I'm saying? Y'all that shit like bro, I fucked up in the head. Y'all like ever since that shit happened to me bro. It's like I got PTSD bro. I keep replaying her motherfuckers head going way up there and dying now ain't on my shit. It just, it just like a steady emotion like this bro. Bro. I ain't talked to my family for about five years y'all dog. Like that's why I came out doing comedy bro. Like I was traumatized behind that shit. I stayed with her but it, it was awkward when, You know what I'm saying?


It was, it, it was awkward man. But I, I went through so much shit but I just want to survey with y'all man. Don't invite people over to your house and to get drunk and You know do shit because shit like that can happen to your girl aunt y'all man. And I just want to let y'all know, I, I went through that and and shit and You know my, You know he, he continually, he continued to see my girl and shit and You know I ain't like I could do nothing about it but I'm begging now man. I forgave him. I forgave her. I moved on man. I really did. I moved on with this shit man. She, You know she was a hoe and I knew that before I got with her because before I got with her, me and my homeboy rang a train on and I fell in love.


I'm a real, I'm a real nigga over here man. I fell in love. We rang a train on, I fell in love and I brought her around. They would say names. I I would get mad like bro don't bro don't call my girl no ho how nigga she a ho. And I asked them nicely, don't disrespect my girl, she with me now. They disrespected my girl. I, that's when I started snitching. I went down there to the police department and told 'em all my people that were selling dope when it was coming in, when it was leaving, who was buying it. I mean I, I gave them laws so much shit they locked up 40 motherfucking people. And I went down there two weeks on them courts from them trials and testified against every single one of them last one them motherfucker.


I did that. I did. I asked not to be disrespected. I was disrespected and that's what happened to them. And do I feel bad about it? Hell no I don't feel bad about it. Like I don't, I made the right decision man. I got to lay down with this ugly motherfucker at night. Not them. I got to hear her cries. I got, I got, I got to hear all that. I I did that y'all I did that. Now if you watching this show then you gotta know it's being presented by prospects down below you see it Barcode scan it.


If you ain't already have trash with the two Hs type in you go see that promo code right there Type in trash just like that with the two Hs man. It's more or less on your favorite player over there man. Number one sports fantasy app in the game right now. Prize picks. I'm telling y'all you put $5 in, they gonna give you 50 real talk and it's easy. It's like you may got shade going for 40 points tonight. It's either more or less. You might have holburn for 12 assists. You either put more or less. It's real easy. If you need help DM me I'll help you, I'll help you through all this and that's what we doing. If you can't watch this show then You know you can go to Apple Podcasts, you can go with Spotify.


I can just type in the Bubba Dub show. Boom, there I am right there. I need everybody just watching this show right here tonight. Every person on this live right now. Keep it 100 with your motherfucking self. Hit the like button right now for you boy. Don't even be bullshitting with it. You should already done hit the like button. I appreciate that shit man. Lemme see who on this live because I'm finna rock with everybody on here today Round will do Sad B demonte. What do Drew what it do? Diggy got a baby or buffet? Lemme tell y'all something right now. If Donald Trump come competing and pardoning all these people you best believe Sean P Digger comes is coming home and that goddamn party going be more p digger coming home boy man it's gonna be baby all all over the god damn flows.


I'm telling you it's gonna be a slippery point. Promise you that did it coming home. Y'all rather y'all like it or not. The nigga coming home, Cassie gonna have her third baby shout out to her. Her husband, her husband is a strong motherfuck individual. Just being honest right now. He's a strong individual. I don't know if I could put her with my girl going up there on trial and reliving all the nasty. This shit she done done. You know she ain't let me do half the shit to her yet that Pete did it and I already done nothing nigga them pissed on you God damn. And I I'm supposed to be okay. I'm not, I'm not okay. I get it though.


She got them 30 s Alex fine ain't going no motherfucking route. Lemme tell you listeners in the videos, they watching this show right now. When a white man, when a white man know his money involved he not going no motherfucking route. White man know how to milk. He know how to milk the goddamn system. I'm telling you right now, white man slick he'll come up on, You know you got a nice car. Correct. You going for that car? Oh man I won't, I'm on 70,000 for it. Look here must be reasonable. You say you take, you want 70. I won't get no more than probably 75,040 if I sold it myself.


So you say you want seven. I'll tell you what I give you 60,000 right now today. Cash money I cash out right now. Most niggas don't fall. Tell me I'm not, no niggas don't fold 65. So you just wait, just wait, just, just wait. You gonna get that 70. Somebody gonna come along and get that 70 so somebody else come along man. Oh boy me 60 cash for but I want 70. You didn't sell it? No. Now what? What you take for cash?


65. You see what I'm saying? You could more sometime in life in business man you coulda got more if you just be patient. That's what I'm trying to teach y'all today. You gotta be patient sometime y'all be so in the rush to get the car, get the house, get the jury, get the whole get the money. You be in a rush. When you in a rush you you making mistakes. You making too many mistakes to get shit right sometimes you got to slow down and pay attention to what's going on around you. Everything good ain't go every smile about a friend. Everybody ain't gonna like you.


Everybody ain't gonna love you. Everybody ain't gonna wave. Everybody ain't going to speak. The motherfucker gonna respect you though. If you, if you carry yourself in a respectful way, be patient like you young rappers young August. I be seeing y'all man I'm trying to get on Doug mean you better be careful What you say it's a lot of rappers right now. Some fucked up contract situations ain't making the me me they look like they got all the money in the world but behind closed old them niggas begging and them what the motherfucker p Diddy were ping on Nichols who was begging and would do anything for the thing Diddy were running in tho do you hear me?


Didley was hitting them with they reindeer meat and goddam it and and and and they light them up like Christmas lights. That's the truth. So stop being in the rush to have all this shit that you see everybody else having. Be patient man. Pray to God for wisdom and understanding. If he do blessings you with these things man because you going to need it in this. You going to need it. I promise you that man. I promise you going need that shit now I got to get over here and take y'all through my god my baseball stuff today because You know do we talk about baseball on this show now And You know I always gotta let y'all know what's going on in the baseball world today man I gotta let y'all know who showed up and who played like trash today.


Bras rest of the Philies game got rained out. Wasn't no game today on that one Real talk the guardians beat the Dodger 74. Angel Martinez came through with three run home with Dodgers big pen trash 40 faster than the launcher and eighth today didn't do a damn thing. Tigers beat the Giants today. Brewers beat the Red Sox six five Rage 1 5 0. The twins Astros 1 5 3 Oh Oakland Athletics. I think the Oakland Athletics also is moving to Las Vegas. Las Vegas getting all Oakland teams right now. That's the way it's looking right now. The Pirates beat the Diamondbacks 10 to one. Who else played Okay that was it. That's all on the baseball. They also put y'all baseball picks in 'cause You know basketball seasons gonna be over and what we still got them pitch going over there were prize picks on baseball, soccer and hockey.


So tune in into baseball. God that's what's going down right now with me. That's the baseball recap right there. My boy showy or Tony didn't get no home run today with the Dodgers but it's all good. Look for him to bounce back but right now he's still the lead home run Higer and MLB right now. Surey or Tony I think Aren ju for the Yankees still sitting on 18. They playing right now so he might hit one tonight. I don't know but that's my MLB update tonight with y'all. He knows what he saw Now it's the part of the show where we do the hell nah people send me, hell nah the questions in and it said Bubba dub Jr.


Would you rather fight Roger or Barbara Lynn ex-husband with no security involved from your good Muslim brothers. Who would I rather fight Roger or Bob in ex-husband. I'm gonna be honest with y'all man. I would rather fight Roger than the mess with that old man or Bob in because he was an ex-Marine. Them ex-Marines are puss up on your motherfucking ass. I'm real talk they no pressure points. They don't even gotta punch you and shit. He could touch you right here and break your whole body down. I would rather fight Roger right now 'cause Roger just got outta jail. He got they jail way on him right now. He really, you really ain't got no win. I I know after. There's one thing about a real fight.


If you ever fight before your life, real fights don't last about 20, 30 seconds. If you can last 20, 30 seconds in a fight against somebody, you pretty much gonna win 'cause they ain't got nothing else in them. So I'd rather fight Roger, I give Roger what he motherfucking want right now. That's on big God that's on even though I can't fight for 30 seconds, I get in done So Roger, I don't count goddamn head movement and moves on him too real tall. So I would rather fight Roger, y'all just being honest than to fight Barbara Lynn's ex-husband because I know I'm definitely not going win that fight but I definitely fight Roger but guess what? I ain't never gotta worry about fighting Roger because come, come Monday Roger going back to jail.


He violated Gail got got got right back selling dope and and and guess who told it Me. I told it. I took pictures, I sent video. I sold them text messages, I sold 'em all the people that was buying we weed from that did that and I do it again. Well I been laying low ducking, You know what I'm saying, staying out the way and I, when Roger go back to jail, I'm right back out on the streets like ain't nothing ever happened back going to the family reunion back taking my kids swimming and shit. Right now I'm swimming in the backyard. I got a little pool from Walmart on copy about $200. I pull it up myself it's good.


But Roger go to jail, we going right back to the parks, walking the dog, throwing refrige, doing all kind of fun shit like a loved one family supposed to do. But right now I'm laying low. Why be going out man? Because I know they like they out for me and they ain't gonna get me though because I'm good. I'm smart Kurt. What it do? Melissa dies. What to do? Get fanatic to look at the total four basic for low one, the two oh year. Okay see appreciate demon demonte. Appreciate it man. Anybody here got some birthdays coming up? Let me know Any birthdays coming up? Anything that y'all want me to talk about that I haven't brought up?


Let me know man. Like I wanna use my platform the right way, not the wrong way. I wanna be able to spread love. I want better spread positivity going on right now and You know reason why I'm I'm I need Trump to do that. Like I like, like for the parties and shit because I need him to pardon my student loan boy. My owe motherfucking loans like a motherfucker. I just need Trump. I got one more semester. Trump I just need you to pardon you steal loans I got man and I'm gonna be back cook. That's why I'm rooting for him 'cause shit I need him to do some shit for me man. I know it sounds selfish and all that but fuck it man. I'm going for mine man. Any birthday. Let me know any Geminis in the building.


Talk to me man. Say I'll be willing to do Antoine counsel. What it do man? Anybody that's having a bad day man, it's gonna be okay. You still alive. Hey it ain't gonna hurt. You can pray to God if you don't believe in God. That's you. That's your business. I ain't putting religion on nobody. I'm just telling y'all what worked for me. My Lord and Savior. Jesus Christ works for me. That's all I'm saying man. You know what I'm saying? God don't need us, we need God. And I think sometime in life we forget that. We forget that we need him, he gonna need us, we need him. So I live my life and I need you. Jesus I need you 'cause man gonna let you down. God never will. You gotta get that in your mind.


Get that in your heart man. Love. We gonna do no hating. We going to love. We're gonna do no hating. Even when people get around us and do us wrong, we still not going to do them wrong. Only they going physically touch us. We are not going to physically touch them. Sometimes we get so mad and get so angry. We want to do something to somebody and sometimes that leads up to going up to getting a gun and shooting somebody. And when you really didn't mean to do it, you just in the moment. But you gotta think if I take this live they gonna take my life. All parties. All parties. Lose his family, lose him and your family losing you. We don't wanna do that. No we gonna lost too many people already to gun violence, to any kind of violence.


Not just guns. We have to start thinking and critical situations. We got to stop being so emotional when somebody, You know what I'm saying, hurt our feelings or You know what I'm saying, take our girls or or You know, or get the up get get a get us get going, go up on us on anything we got to do better. We got to start dealing with adversity better than what we are dealing with. We dealing with an we dealing with anger, we're dealing with hate. It just sad to see that a young brother up in college balling out doing his thing and us don't like want take him out there. I wanna harm him and sad man. I know I got some old schools on the show.


45 or six five. I know y'all got kids in college man. Keep encouraging 'em to stay in there man and and and You know get a degree in something that pays well or get a degree in something that they love and do. 'cause education is, is, is is needed out here man. I know a lot of people not gonna go to college, I understand that but You know get you a trade or You know if you ain't already got your own business and something man. But stay focused man. Trouble so easy to get into but it's hard to get out of any young people that's watching this show gonna run with the crowd trying to peer pressure. You can do this and that. Real friends don't peer pressure you can do nothing real friends only push you can do the things the right, You know what I'm saying? Do the right way. Not the wrong way man.


And, and just stay prayed up out here man. And continue to try to be a good person. That's all you can be. I mean at the end of the day if you ain't got no money, you at least wanna have a good name I guess the way I see things man. Like I say I always try to spread knowledge with y'all or anything that's that's going on in the world. Just stay positive about I know times things get can get heated and You know just like this some shit can happen but I always think though like damn yeah I could really take someone live but my life could also be taken too. So I always take that into account man and keep pushing like I tell anybody, you getting money right now. Save it. It's gonna get bad out here. Save your money, don't be spending it, dont dumb shit.


'cause you going need that money. I'm telling you at the end of the day you gonna be needing that money shit Finn to get bag out here boy. So don't even worry about trying to fix that car right now. Put them rims on that rag last car. Get the m right first my nigga. We gotta stop doing shit backwards my nigga. Yeah your car shining rims everything but as soon as you crank that motherfucker up, that bitch don't supposed to sound like that. Bam. That Bentley ain't supposed to sound like no goddamn scat pack. So all I'm saying you ain't even supposed to hear that goddamn roll Royce when they been there when they crank cook. Yeah. Nah I ain't gonna supposed to sound like that dog and I know what it is.


You ain't go and buy that Bentley off the lot. You went and and did what I did. You went and got it from them people who sell them savage cars. I Hey Bentley got savage Idol nigga. I I didn't say nothing though but I know, I know that what be going on. Yeah, your favorite rapper and he called Savage titles. Tell 'em pop their hood. I bet they won't pop their goddamn hood. I bet you that. I bet you they won't pop their hood. That damn battery corroded like a motherfucker off the   I look Corroded nigga went down nigga New Orleans and, and and when they were flooding not too long ago and got them rag rag ass car foreign cars nigga I got the lamb boat truck man they bitch flooded.


You had to go buy a new what you call a wild harness and not all that on that damn Lambinon truck. You ain't, you ain't pay 29,000 for it nigga at the auction. I know that's why, that's why that's why they check engine light be on in them nigga cars. Ah man it's my sensor. Ain't no goddamn sensor boy. This shit was flooded. If you think I'm lying, go find out for yourself. Yo. One of your favorite rappers right now riding around and one of them roll Roy trucks got the big 26 rims on it, but I guarantee you got Tiger putting y'all on game so y'all thinking y'all get got 200, 200, 2 $50,000.


I'll go buy you a roll Roy. No man, there's plenty of roll rust that's been wrecked. Yeah, that's, I'm just putting you on game. That's been wrecked Real talk and they had the auctions and you can probably get one of 'em called 50, $60,000. Man, I'm just putting your own game. If you don't give a fuck about having Savage tiger, then that's what, that's what you do. Just putting your own game man bro. I appreciate y'all for tuning in tonight man. Peace and listen 'em out the volume. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often.


They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself. Some stands for so others Mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase.


Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington dc. Add dry eye relief to your routine with refresh Optiv mega three, A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with an active ingredients like flaxseed, oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh Optive Omega-3 is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting, made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's the perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Ink. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


This is An iHeart podcast.