
TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold. With Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv. Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in.


So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba. Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. BG W Group, no purchase necessary. Board Web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. Hey, it's Kevin Hart In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. I enjoy. C, I appreciate the support people. Eat that Brazel. This'll never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited.


Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC. This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases.


Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. A person went to license by MasterCard International Inc. S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different Vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears.


You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com. The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to The Bubba. Dub. Show man. I'm your host Bubble Dub. Go ahead and hit the like button right now. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button right now. You see what I'm doing right now? You see what? You see what jersey I got on right now? Yeah. You already know how I'm feeling but before I even get into today's show, don't hit the like button man. It's Sunday man. Do it for the good Lord, man. Yeah, go and hit the good, the light button for the good Lord and go on. Hit the subscribe button for the good Lord.


Yeah, don't feeling good this morning. I done got up early washing face. Brush my teeth man. I know y'all working for me last night but I had some business attend to last night but here I am this morning. They damn NFL Sunday count down this count down this morning. Damn we talk bad seven gonna win a three or four game. You lying. Went down niggas upper last night knocked the tortillas out them boy. That's what they did. Shada come on to 93 passenger three p, no picks. Run game got be better if I'm being real and keep giving you to y'all 100 day Colorado.


You know I love you. I'm gonna send you in a couple of weeks but the run game got to be better if you wanna continue to move forward. 60 rush yards as a team trash. I don't like it but what we getting from Lata Webster? What we getting from? Will she I'm gonna get the trash hung in the man hill. Bad mon it Sunday I ain't gonna do no cussing today. I might tomorrow but today no damn. But we are shuffle number 14. The kind of production we are getting from him is major and I love it and it's contagious. Lata Webster, the guy's a fire starter. You see what he doing when he get the ball in his hand. He made things happen and I love it.


Love with Coach Fry. I love what the offensive coordinator doing. Pastor is doing quick little scream getting the ball out quick. Let them get the ball in their hands and open space and make moves. Guess what you got to do in college, guess what you got to do? And I'm loving man. I don't know how y'all feeling right now about Colorado but from what I'm seeing right now they're 72, they rolling. I think they gonna win out. I just, me personally, their confidence is is continue to build and there ain't nothing like, ain't nothing like having confidence y'all confidence is key. That's the reason why a lot of y'all men now ain't got no girl now you ain't got no confidence. You know what I'm saying? Your hair ain't cut so you can't, you feel like you ain't got a haircut, you can't go and talk to this female. Well I don't wanna talk to now.


Damn female don't want me when I don't look my best because nine times outta 10, all the women that we see on the internet, they look good on the internet but when you see them hot bird, chicken legs looking motherfucker in real life they gonna look the same. They be using filters, they be having gurgles in them damn sweat pants they ass. We looking good online but in real life they act flat like a pink cake. Y'all know I ain't lying. Some of y'all I know I ain't the only one been tripped and these females can't make up they mind any day. When you ask them online what they looking for? I ain't gonna lie Deb. I'm looking for a tall man, handsome man. Big and strong well shit bitch that ain't me self be a how dare you tell and tell me what kind nigga you looking for Girl you got after you have a conversation with D 10 minutes later can you send me on some cash app?


I'm trying to get me something to eat. You gonna stove, you gonna fucking start today. Who paid you yesterday? Oh home grabs ain't got no respect. They gonna know how to just make you feel, you know do I really rock with you man? You cool dude you funny dude. They gonna know how to do all that. They get straight to the point. Can you buy me something to eat on Cash out you got daddy it. Yeah you better ass that nigga nothing eat for me. You gonna starve. I watch your ass star. Them and I sit right over here and eat eggs and steaks with whs grape. Oh I be the bey big and popped up playing Domino right now. Laughing like laughing at P did it like a motherfucker.


DMX too hurts. I remember DMX remember DMX said P did it didn't believe in him. Didn't think his style of rap would work. See that was wrong. That's what I like about the world. A lot of people might not like you. A lot of people might feel like you ain't going do nothing in Lie but when you go out and do something in Lie it feels straight and only real people was like, you know what I was wrong about that person man I was wrong. They are doing they thing. And now I want some of y'all now to say if you a coach Prime Hager just say you was wrong man. Just say that you didn't real, you didn't think that Coach Brown will ever come up to the Colorado and change the culture. I told you he done change the culture man. He he, he said no white people friendly.


There a box of puppies up there right now if you are a black man and you go up there the boulder right now and walk around with a cup and whatever in your hand I need help they your cup feel run it over on this Sunday morning C gonna run it over. Coach Prime done brought so much money to the city and I do mean big money to all the young men. Just watching this show right now and you still in high school and you looking for a good college to go to. Colorado is one Tennessee State University down there. ETT George is want them them places that you need to be going. Jackson State go down there and holler my people Graham then go down there and holler my HBCU go down there and holler them then if you need help get NIL deals.


I'm telling all my youngsters right now, white or black brown, whatever you are, build your social media up and helps. So all that man I don't really care about all that. You better because it might just be thing that really saved your life in the end because a lot of people ain't going to the NBA. A lot of people ain't going to the NFL. A lot of people ain't going to the MLB. A lot of people ain't going in major league hockey or soccer or Formula One. So build your social media up. That's all I'm saying. It helps. That's all I'm saying. It helps now what kind of route I'm doing. I don't know what bowl they going to but they going through some damn bowl and I can't be there and you should be there too.


So support. So all I'm saying right now everybody hitting me up Thug man that guy for the season good. He can go down nigga Miami or Columbia and get him a new coochie now call me talking to me about no motherfucker cowboy. I'm not a cowboy no more. I'm a Buffalo bill. Y'all wanna talk about that D? No, what we gonna do? We gonna keep moving on What them slaves were doing? When when? When they were getting they ass whooped and walking We that's what we should do.


Cowboy fan that's still there because I ain't there God damnit I'm outta, I'm just being 100. I'm outta there just like I was out there with my baby mama. Know what I'm saying? When I first got Woo, that thing was tight. Mm. I'm feeling good. I'm stroking. I can feel it now. It's like walking into a damn dark cage shit outta there. Ain't no feeling in this och. Ain't no feeling in nothing. Gonna had six, seven voices. This a damn cemetery I'm laying down with. I be damn now Dub now I said the cat I got to move around Dallas Cowboys today playing the Philadelphia Eagles and I got the Philadelphia Eagles winning 33 to 20. I'm sorry.


That's what I got. I think Ship Serve her and them found this groove. The offensive line done found that Groove Saco Barkley after twisting doing embarrassing the move, jumping over some shit I ain't never seen. I see why he his ass after the game. That nigga playing like a super, he ain't vulnerable. More nigga backwards. Who? Chop nigga backwards boy you back boy allegedly well you on that shit. Barry Bones was on boy you on that cri. I know I love Barry Bones. I got him being the greatest baseball player ever. But Barry Bones was on that shit and I ain't magging 'cause it made baseball better.


Mark McGuire was on had mark all of his on Sammy so he ain't black no more. That motherfucker color pee peewee Hern and y'all wanna sit up here and tell me he ain't take nothing. She ain't no damn way. You could be 160 pounds two months later you two 60 solid screaming at the top of your lawn. Shit your nipple jumping like Terry crew. She make it make sense y'all. But how y'all doing today? How y'all feeling man? But don't want talk about y'all women man y'all out here being disrespectful going out here clubbing all night, giving niggas hand then come back home and lay down and kiss the baby. Stop it baby. Don't catch your funky breath out that baby face baby crying for two or three hours because your breath funky smell like musty meat balls feel.


Call CPS on y'all women man because y'all being real disrespectful. What y'all doing? You gonna wash your face, you gonna brush your teeth or nothing after you gonna went down there and get that man head that man that man ain't bathed or nothing but you down there give head but you got two or $300 now you gonna go back. Oh my baby get money sugar. Look that baby ought to piss in your face. That baby ought to piss in your mother fucking face. And I feel like you women on her now that 55 and up and 60 and you ain't with your husband no more or he done passed away. I feel like you shouldn't date no damn mo. That's how I feel. What the hell you dating? Fuck that ain't right though. If I'm with a woman and and you know what I'm saying?


And and and and we've been together for 20, 30 years and I pass away holy it shouldn't be now another meat Q me, I done gave you all the meat, all one inches of meat you could have over your lifetime. And when I'm gone all of a sudden now you wanna go out and get you a new man. Stop it. How dare you? I don't understand. I don't understand these days man. Tell y'all women, black women something right now. I love you from the bottom of my motherfucking order. I love my black women, white women. I love y'all too but let me tell y'all white women something that's dating a black man right now.


His family do not want you cooking no motherfucking Thanksgiving meal. I salary they giving their son hell about you mama. It's time for y'all to come over. It's Thanksgiving baby. I'm gonna be honest. Don't want any of that damn girl cooking. I'm telling you white women now your mother want so do some favor. Just send them money, buy some pay for plates. All that deten before you getting your ass in that kitchen cooking. Don't do it. What I wanna contribute. Keep giving your man head the way you giving and that's the way you contributing to the family. I can't take no white girl to my damn family or my Thanksgiving. They gonna talk bad about that white girl and I don't want my mama and them disrespecting my white girl either because this white girl, she's nice to me, she's sweet.


She taught me how to manage my money. You know what I'm talking about. She make my toes curl. I got some head the other night I lost visiting in my left eye. She I'm not giving that up for no damn body. Not mama grand mama body. When you find a woman to give you head and you lose visiting your damn eye. She the one, she was one ain't bullshit. She come in the room. What's all these chrome Rose, rose chrome. I in my bedroom right now. She look that white girl boy. My girl war behind that white girl too and look and her mom and her daddy. Mama don't like me. It's okay. It's the way they were raised. I don't blame them. It's the way they were raised. I know they raised it's okay but it's a new day. It's a a change gonna come.


I told her, I said Mr. Richard, your daughter Samantha, she with me now and she love all of me. I know you don't like it but I I really don't give a damn she with me now and guess what I'm hitting it. Every motherfucking lady. He sure is dad. He's the greatest in ti Boys ain't I? Ain't I telling you now. White women don't worry about it. Black men, we love Mama Cookie. We want chicken and dressing. We gonna want stove top stuffing. We gonna want that but for my white women, y'all good at baking, y'all good at baking food so keep baking them apple pies. Them cherry pies. We not going to eat them motherfuckers. We just like the way they look and the way the crust come up on them motherfucker see we black. We like sweet potato pie.


Yeah. Red velvet cake mother. Right German chocolate cake you mother cake. Yeah. Seven 11 cake. Yeah come over to the black people house on Thanksgiving we got all kind of on cakes. These these dog breeds don't come up with a new cake. A Frenchy cake where y'all niggas are. These niggas don't come up with a Frenchy cake now that motherfucker hit too. Guess who get the fresh slice the damn dog at my homeboy house the other day nigga giving a dog a slice of cake before he gave me. I said ain't this some shit man, you a guest, he leave him God. Mother Point dog done make you two or $300,000.


I probably will feed that dog too. I ain't gonna lie. I'm just keeping it real with y'all on this Sunday morning. Hopefully y'all enjoying y'all self. Good Lord done. Woke you up to see another day. Some of y'all gonna be going to church. I know I need to be going to church but I'm not gonna make it. But guess what? I'm gonna pay my tithes. I'm gonna send my $18 right down there after I go off this line. Don't kill me Lisa. I'm putting something in the plate. Make something. Putting something in the plate man. TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B-U, US Soccer and More.


There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck ing above the fold with Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True TV Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay Chumba. Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots.


Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Cmba life at jumbo Casino dot com. BG W Group, no purchase necessary Board web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. Yo This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and vintage spots where designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dish tie sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay.


It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling, their retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love. You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com. Least I'm putting something in the plate man. But I'm feeling good overall man. I briefly touched on this topic the other day about the Lakers, about them benches.


DeAngelo Russell. DeAngelo Russell need to stay off the bench. You see how he played when he came off the bench. I like JJ Rick getting in them player face and calling him out. That's that's what it takes now. Somebody told me, well duh, you know that's gonna make DeAngelo play better then he can move back to the starting road. No, ain't no mother fucking starting road for DeAngelo Russell on the Lakers. No damn mo. The bench is your permanent spot. Now I'm gonna ask y'all this right here and the answer. This is DeAngelo Russell better than Jamal Crawford. The same Jamal Crawford, the six man of the year. I'm just asking a simple question. Is DeAngelo Russell Begar than Jamal Crawford? Hell no. Now you see what I'm talking about? Hell no.


So if Crawford could come off the DeAngelo, Russell could come off. The Lakers need to go out right now. Find a point guard. Find a point guard. So when Russell come in, when LeBron takes his big healthy trash bag feet half to the bench, we got an automatic spark off the bench. Now if my black dumb ass can figure that out from watching the game, how come they can't figure it out? Why can't we go out and get a big man? Just like I told my mama. Why can't we, why can't I get the real Fruit loops? Everybody else got the real bird on they cereal. I ain't got no damn bird. I got a damn rat. Well ain't no damn rat Fruit Loops got a bird on there. I colorful Bird too go my homeboy cousin house.


They got real cereals in this motherfucker and they taste so good. My shit don't taste nothing like it. I said okay you going to grow my five seven. I told you, I told you the food you fed me stung at my damn gross. I supposed to be six eight. I am five seven, a hundred sixty five pounds. I got bird legs but I got a San CLA stone. What they do? They I'm a bad guilt nigga. San Claus ain't bringing me no damn gifts. He gonna bring you So why he ain't bring me no hype? Why he ain't bring me a bigger penis? Why I'm cursed all my other homeboys out here probably. They probably got big penises.


They girlfriend probably loving them. My girl ain't loving me. She over here having sleep with me but she watching porn on her phone. Yeah, I wonder why I'm mad and I angry all the time. I ain't got no meat. I'm broke and I'm bad built. I need help and I need y'all to help me hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. The show being brought to you by PrizePicks. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Put your pics in right now. I don't know what your rabbit ass waiting on. Yep. If you want your sports talk you in the right damn spot. 'cause you can't get this no where else. You can't get this kind of sports and comedy but right here one man show and I appreciate all the love y'all give me.


Everything I do, I pour it into this show. I pour. This is therapy for me. It's probably therapy for some of y'all. Some of y'all probably going through some hardships and I want you to know right now everything gonna be okay. Hard times don't last forever. Hard people do. Might not be where you wanna be today but tomorrow it might be there. It's all about getting on the right path. Like I told some of y'all when y'all were mad about Trump. Oh man, especially some of you black folk. Man we ain't there. We can't do nothing man. Now look at him. Lot of illegal motherfuckers. Dr. Go now they gotta come right back to you. Just everyone they mistreated it's okay because we all been mistreated but the one they been mistreated now they got to bring you up again.


Some of you felons couldn't get a job, you had to get back out in the street. Now you can get back. Fucking go to work because I know how hard it is when you trying to provide for your family and you want to do the right thing but nobody won't hire you. I know how that feel. I've been through it, I witnessed it. I ain't got no feelings or none of that but I witnessed it. Time is gonna come and we ain't waiting for nobody to do nothing. We ain't waiting for Trump. We ain't waiting for none of no motherfucker. It's up to us to do it our motherfucking self plant your your seeds, make sure it's in good soil. Make sure it's getting plenty water, make sure it's getting plenty sunlight. It's gonna flourish. It's gonna flourish.


It's all I'm saying. You can turn a negative situation into a positive situation but you gotta be positive. You can't be negative each and every day. You around somebody. This nigga I'm advising you to right now, move off from around them. Sometimes it hurt people. We love to death, we love them but they mean us no good. Why? 'cause they ungrateful. They're not thankful for the things you do for 'em. I'm dealing with that shit right now in my life y'all. I never thought I would experience the things that I'm experiencing but it's okay. I still love them. If anybody else out there in the world that's mad at me right now, I don't give a damn. I know I've been real and genuine in my heart to anybody I done come across know I've been real and genuine.


Gave clothes off my back, gave people money when I didn't have money. Gave people my time when I didn't have time when I could have been given my time to my small children, my daughters that I love dearly. I could have been given the time to them but I gave y'all time to help y'all and what y'all do, throw it back in my face. Y'all got people like that too. You do something for 'em and it's not good enough for 'em. They feel like you here when you really just struggling just trying to build your way up. They look at you a certain way. Lot of my people look at me do you rich. I ain't rich yet. I'm good. I'm rich and hard. I will be rich. I'm on the path to be rich but I don't give a damn about being rich. I wanna be wealth, I wanna be wealthy. Not monetary but also in health.


You know what I'm saying? People are stereotype you man. I've seen you on the commercial. I know you rich man. Stop all that man. I'm just working. I ain't where I wanna be yet. Let get there. Let me get it and then I can come back and and and help you. But y'all wanna pull me down, me pull me when I damn ain't money up with money. I was just what you year two ago? What's what's what's my song? And I know people do you like that You been down, you finally get your job, you gonna save you up two or three checks. They come man let me get this bro.


Lemme get that. Ah bro you done change man. You ain't saying you ain't got that job. You gonna hang out no more. You gonna smoke no more. You going drink no more. Yeah you gonna do all the negative shit no more. You're doing positive shit now you trying to move up not down no. Same way I move from the cowboy negativity. No motherfuckers don't wanna win. The aunt Jerry Jones sitting up there in that sweet drinking unsweet tea, eating that Nash as Apple bacon. That motherfucker don't wanna win. He just wanna get the money until y'all 50 dig out then you understand. But this is a game I him, they now run a game on us and we the dummies, we gonna tune in every day.


We gonna go buy jerseys, hats, coffee mugs, we gonna buy tickets, we gonna watch 'em on tv. We gonna do everything to boost them up. What they do for you? Nothing. Nothing. Same way on ESP. Every day they talk about the same shit every day. Same shit. And y'all going watch this shit now build us up. Not only me, all the other podcasts. You build us up. Make it my own s esp. I don't give a damn about that fight making my own right him. Everybody just watching. Thank you. But how y'all feeling overall though?


Ma'am? Gotta show tonight in Austin, Texas down there at Cap City. Free tickets left. Go and grab some if you in the area Austin, Texas tonight I'm in Cap City Show is itself G Come check your boy. I got me man. I'm Lucci jb I got my team with me man. Yeah man. I'm, I'm, I'm I'm, I'm having fun right now. I got this big tour coming up first of the year. Can't wait for that. Can't wait for y'all. Grab tickets, come out and see your boy. Man. I'm on the up and up right now man. Ah, been in this company game seven years. It's been ups, it's been downs. I can hear every story. Story in the world. And letting you know now for a August I heard is watching don't, don't believe everything people tell you man.


Don't believe everything people tell you man. Just keep your head down, keep working and if things happen, it happen. If it don't, it don't, but don't feel discouraged. Don't give up and just keep pushing. That's all you can do. At the end of the day, you can't be nobody else but yourself. And when you start trying to be other people, that's when you, that's when you not authentic no more. You know what I'm saying? People are see that like you, you changing. You, you, you ain't doing you. Nah do you. It's going if it's meant to be, it's meant to be. Do you don't change that shit up for nobody man. And to my people that can't watch my show right now, Hey man you can always listen to me on Apple podcast and Spotify go and download on me on Apple.


Don't just don't just look. Download it. I need them download. Download it man. That's how my name will get to popping up and man Doug. Doug. Y'all talking about y'all really want me to have my own show and help me man Show he knows what he and he's here. We'll talk help me. It's a part of the show but we talk about the hell house segment. I'm at the get my mama crib, chick chilling. I get a knock on the door. Some old man is cl sir. Yeah, but what you want? Oh I'm here to take her bowling. I beat mama ain't play with your ball nigga. Who you talking to?


You think you're gonna take my mama? Hell no. I ain on the couch. I just think it's sweet that she can find love again. She better, she better be God because my mama ain't dating nobody. Hell no. Ain't nobody finna put they me my mama no know that shit. They my daddy dead and that shit. They no not doing, don't give a damn about my mama wanna find happiness. She better go in there and and pray to God. That's the only happiness she gonna give is me giving her money every month and buying her church dressing and paying her bills. That's the only damn happy that my mama gonna be getting for sex and all that. That shit dead.


I don't believe in that mama having, getting her drew back. Shit. Not while I'm on earth. I'm not going for that shit. My brother ain't going for told that. Man you. Oh shit. Rese ain't going out fa I don't give a damn what she told you and what you heard. But you can get your old musty cripple land off, off my porch. That's what, that's what I told her. Ain't I meant it ain't, I meant it, I don't know how y'all feeling about somebody coming in dating y'all mama. I don't, IIII can't do it. Y'all, I'm sorry. Ain't no no disrespect og but Kyree ain't ain't giving up no ass them days over. Now you call my mama back in the heyday you probably would've got some ass but now no, she a Christian, newborn Christian again.


We gonna keep it that way. Don't be riding by waving no motherfucker Mo. I, I I, I I'm, I'm just being real. Wasn't come to my house talking about taking my mama bowl. Nigga you barely can't walk nigga. You not fooling me. No one of my mama trying to put me out there baby. It's time for you to go. I'm not going damn. I a this damn house. I got this looking good clean. They I'm stacking got the dog business jumping mama.


No you telling bro all that you got to go. Don't you do that to me mama. I've been here for you. Daddy died. I be every day doing odds and ends for you. I stopped hustling Cusing you mama. I was out here hitting Nicks. I was out here putting straight drop on the streets when they hit it. They had Bobby Brown y'all because that good work. I stopped it for you. Now you feel like you going to move on in life. No you gotta stay where you at. Stay where you at now let me know if I'm right or wrong. If I'm stopping my mama from finding love again man, because I don't think I'm wrong.


That's why I built a room onto the house. So when I bring my little old white girl over, I ain't gotta worry about mama trying, you know what I'm saying? Saying nothing. All this and that because I got a spot at the crib off from everybody. And let me tell you, me and my white girl get plow nasty. We get down man. We role play them white girls like to role play. Ain't bullshit. I'm a doctor and she a nurse. Damn right. We getting down and turn. I'm a cowboy. She a girl. She said right. Get up on me. And I tell her, don't you get to bounce in that a either like that either because you gonna lose me quick. It's okay brother. Oh I love when that white girl talk to me like that.


And I got me a bad white girl too. She got a little hair right here and little her, she redhead damnit, stop on that. She like that too. She think I'm a thug. I ain't, I'm weak. Damn a mother. She think I'm tough. I be calling my homeboy cussing him out in front of her. She think I'm tanks. Ooh that just that. Just get her excited. If she only knew I'm softer then a damn pinky. Hope she, I hope, I hope nobody will put me in the position to show her that I'm weak because our relationship gonna be over. Oh yeah, but I'm on my phone. I'm cussing everybody out man. Better bring my 3.5 over here right now before I come over there and put them hands on you.


Soon as I leave out the room ba I'll get playing fan. You know I wouldn't no disrespect You like that big dog, big homie. You know my big homies, my nephew, you know what I'm saying? I be hungry. I I wouldn't do it. Damn. I put my bluffing on this white girl. She thinks she got a killer. She thinks she got a pit bull but she really got a chihuahua. Damn right. I ain't gonna hold y'all too much longer. Thank y'all for tuning into The, Bubba Dub Show. So I got the Rago shout. I got the coach Prime and what they doing. Matter of fact shout got the y'all for coming on this live right now this morning and sitting down and laughing and chopping nigga with your boy. I appreciate it. From the bottom of my heart. You know I'm going live later on tonight. Talk about the Cowboys and the Eagles. Told you I got the Eagles winning 33 20. If the Cowboys win this game, I don't know what to say.


I really would. I'll be stunned. But I don't see it. Cooper Rush. I just feel like it's just too much. Philadelphia just too much right now. But strange things has happened. But we will see God bless peace. I love y'all. I'm out. The Volume, TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold. With Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over prime time, making it your new destination for sports moments.


Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True TV. Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay Chumba. Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com btw group. No purchase necessary. Board book Prohibited by loss in terms of conditions. 18 plus Chumba. Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit.


Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's Yours, restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC. What's good Justin Jefferson Here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with These open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. Check out bos.com. If you like bacon, you'll love Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon. It's smoked for 12 hours. That's a really long time. So for that delicious, smoky flavor, keep it Oscar.


It's time for that. Once a year event Truck week where you save big on America's biggest trucks, including the 12 ton. 12 liter. 12 hours of Oscar Meyer smoking thick cut bacon for half the day they're still smoking that bacon. If you're driven by your love of smokey, thick cut bacon. Keep it Oscar.