
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like tco, tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots the turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom Video. Touch Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're Gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Where? Prohibited by Law. 18 Plus Terms Inc.


The Volume. What he do. What do y'all, y'all ain't a damn but we going bed tonight with a w. I bet you that hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button man. If you ain't already done hit the subscribe button yet. But if you tuning in right now watching this show, you shouldn't done hit the mother like button because you know I ain't one right now.


Oh I y'all gonna beat bad That playing beautifully too. See Lamb playing beautifully too Cooper, don't you get no great ideas next. Sure you right back on the motherfucking sideline holding the clip boy because that's all you good for. Yeah, coming into the game. We knew we wasn't going to the playoffs because of what? Because we didn't put in the work early in the season. See you gotta put in work early to get the results late. Like some of y'all women right now, y'all been running to the gym trying to get slim down for Christmas.


It's too motherfucking late. Same thing about my cowboy. It's too late. We ain't going to the playoffs. Cool. Well guess what? We finna spoil it for you other teams that's trying to make it to the playoff bake trash for you. I'm talking to you. I bitch don be real. Ain't no way the Dallas Cowboy shoulda picked the, but they did what they did. We got fucking victory in Jerry's because normally when other teams come to play us, it be a world and Jerry's world but not the name. We pulled that off. Little bit of controversy. I don't give a damn.


Dallas Cowboy showed up tonight and they finished and that's what you gotta do sometime in the ball game. You gotta finish end the game on turnover. It wasn't no turnover the game What The real said if we go by what the motherfucking real say, people in New York say it was said it was then therefore there it was. Well I'm so excited man. I'm so excited man. Because earlier the day we got our feelings hurt about being eliminated from the contention of the playoffs and was I upset? No I wasn't upset because even if we was the so supposedly miracle make it to the playoffs, I knew we wasn't gonna do a motherfucking thing.


We were just be in the way if we went to the playoffs. So it worked out the way it supposed to worked out. So right now the Bucks are fighting to get in the playoffs along with the Atlanta s Who? Just Kurt cousin. He is coming there and got a motherfucking victory on the New York Giants. Throw the inch new New York Times today. Guess what the Falcons did? It's going down on Peachtree right now. I know why they calling it Peachtree? No more nigga called it Harry Nuts because that's what's going on down in the Atlanta Harry nuts.


Don't get me wrong, there's still some beautiful women but it's also some other mother. The whites running around around through there too. And they ain't looking for what me and you looking for either. Looking for Rupa. I'm just here to keep it 100 with y'all night. I'll not sugar coat a mother on my show. I won't do it. I'll not do it. I tell You'all one thing, Christmas Wednesday, Christmas coming up Christmas Wednesday. I'm gonna get back to the sports minute but let me keep it 100. Christmas is Wednesday. Lot of y'all getting phone calls.


Lot of y'all getting dms, lot of y'all getting text messages. Hey Stranger don't you Shit. Hey Stranger. Shit, you getting somebody pregnant, you all hit you up Nothing because they ain't had it. If you ain't got it now, you ain't gonna never forget it. Hey big head. See I'm not paying them dms no motherfucking attention. Oh you want a prison honey? Yes. You won't get none of this motherfucking crew. I bet you that. What you want? I I just take back You could get me some shoes Bitch you better be birthed like the Flintstones. You not getting enough from me in the new year.


You definitely not getting blocked so pay attention to that Hayes stranger. Shit De Hos don't miss you De Hos trying to get something outta you and you got to be smarter than that. Doug putting you on game tonight. You gotta be smarter than nigga Hayes stranger. Shit. Hey big head. I was just reaching out. I ain't heard from you no wife and you ain't gonna hear from me no more either. How you get my number? Your mama? Well I'm blocking my ass too. You ain't got no business giving my number out. I don't wanna talk to y'all. I don't wanna talk to y'all. I'm calling everybody out tonight.


Philadelphia Eagles come on them damn commander Deep fried that bird didn't he? They knocked they they knocked the Oyster Hood. I Jalen Hur Hur in the first quarter y'all were up Shaman running that motherfucking ball. Aja a AJ Brown catching touchdown. It was a beautiful thing for about 25 minutes up there in Washington the fucking Eagles. But after that, that damn Kenny Prickett when you with with Real Kenny Prickett stand up. There's a reason why you a backup prick. It's a motherfucking reason. Commands had five turnovers and still on the mother fucking game. I ain't never seen nothing like it in a day in my life.


DeFonte Smith third sixth Ball hit you right in your motherfucking hand through your hand. You catch that ball. Y'all run the clock out ball game but you don't you drop it Kicker Field go Commander shout out to Jayden. Daniels five touchdown went down that went down there game on the line. He crutch game on the line and won the mother fucking game for the commanders. Shout out to the shout out to Dan Queen who was our defensive coordinator for the Cowboy who shoulda have been our mother head coach and we let him go Now look at him up there and change that whole motherfucking franchise around Dan Slager rolling over in his Red Skins gear right now.


He goes you had a chance to wrap it up but you didn't. You were fighting Detroit for the number one seed but you can, you can mess nigga up. Detroit got that number one seed now. Now let me go back to this game right here. Do I think the Philadelphia Eagles would've lost if Jaylen Hurts wouldn't got hurt? No I don't. I think the Philadelphia Eagles woulda blew was now if Jaylen Hurts wouldn't have got hurt now let me go back to him getting hurt. This real talk there was a dirty hit by oh boy Jaylen Sip and Sir Oyster Hood hurts was going already going down. That dude come from behind and hit him as he was going down. That's dirty man got a concussion. We gonna know if he gonna be back in catch game or not.


I don't know. I think the NFL nigga take that tackle out the game 'cause it's dangerous man. The man got up shook his head and was like woo, I'm back the game over like hold quarter gett out and see what's going on with you. Y'all saw it? I saw it. I'm not making this sugar. Jay said who got the game over? Game ain't over fam game ain't over. Man was out, didn't know where he was at. So he had a concussion had to bring in Kenny Prickett The the the the the second string quarterback to back quarterback for Eagles. He came in threw a touchdown. Everybody even Gil and them were jumping them down.


We gonna be alright. No you're not. No you're not them damn commands got that Cobra on that goddamn cobra hit you and that I can hit them rats and them rats hit the running around. Oh I'm okay never play with Match shit. 32 seconds later that damn rat shaking no that's what happened today. Washington commander said we going to the playoff dude and we gonna make sure motherfucking oh we ain't fearing oh pot we got James Daniel we working yo. And I'm liking everything I seen from that young brother.


That young brother running in that motherfucking ball like Mike Dick quarterback sneaks quarterback keepers in don't give a damn Jay and Daniel is sped. It's a beautiful thing to watch your team that's in the playoffs right now that's that's in the hunt. It's a beautiful thing to watch. Not for me from a Cowboys ain't going no motherfucking world so I had to switch girls back to my buffalo bills and we won. We beat the goddamn sorry I knew Indian paper it wasn't easy but they won. Josh Allen heard his throwing hand. I don't know he'll be all right or not. I don't know but they got the job done now. Josh Allen let say this to you fa you got to stop throwing the ball once or twice to Keon Keon.


You gotta get him the motherfucking ball fam. You keep throwing to key them and and Khalil they they cool but they ain't Keon. Keon is explosive. Get that young man the motherfucking ball him and am Cooper and Cook. Get him the motherfucking ball and get out their way. You keep trying to throw him and throw it your bullshit. I seen Keon Coleman open on why open you ain't look damn way If I keon I to back the my head up everything gonna be alright. Nah I mean your motherfuck ear don't you see me open? Damn I the goddamn notebook wide open that touchdown you gotta give me the ball fan.


I don't know what you seeing but don't make me help you don't don't make me hip. You see what you need to see 'cause you ain't going to like it for me and you going this blue. We were going to that blue tent. God damnit we'll get it out and I bet you when we come out that blue tent I bet you ain't gonna tell you to throw me the ball no goddamn mo you gonna be throwing it. Rob Kraft done age like a motherfucker Shouldn bill, bill check left before Bill Billy check left that win championship. Rob Araf was walking around moving around greatly. Now know motherfucker know he need a walker now he was just with that young girl now he need a walker. That's what happened man.


When you lose bread and you lose funky FIAs be, I mean shit like that happen, shit go down here real motherfucking face. See I'm in my thirties now. I used to get them holes all day all along. I can't do it no more. I gotta do shit like them. Duh. Got the motherfucker on back. You gotta damn right like Pringle, once you pop you can't stop. So when I tell hoe right now, once I take this I don't want no motherfucking phone call. No text message telling me you gonna be mad at me knowing the fuck I ain't. I don't give a damn who sick goddamn who? Your mama I God damnit they can die.


You better make your motherfucking wake over here and give me what I want because I'm taking this, I'm taking the whole motherfucking honey pack two ho. They say royal honey well damnit I'm royal you gonna be my, I'm licking on your ass from the room to the to. Oh you nasty at night you got right I'm nasty and full of egg nogging Henessy come get this Hennessy Me, I'm bigger than you tonight dog. Go dig in your ine bitch. I done put them s under that tree. Yeah me and you won.


You have two inches full. Do you need to see I'm feeling good tonight. I might leave the lights on. I might let you see this small motherfucker. I'm gonna leave my mark bitch this meat like chicken pox bitch I'm gonna leave my mark on you one way or another. You gonna know I've been now you gonna know do been there when I take this pack and I'm not it either and I'm never it either. I'm enjoying you say that's what y'all need to do these holiday. You been too uptight. You gonna lost family members. You gonna lost some friends who ain't keeping 100 with you and you just ain't been yourself lately. Let your motherfucking hurt now call you one of them hoes up that ain't going but don't but don't want nothing but buy 75 soon as they come in have it already on the table already out and I don't want And you be right there but if you got something to smoke, make sure some of that dish ain't trash.


I got go and fire you up boy get the smoke if you got some done Julio and lemme take you a couple shots then when she come through that door ain't no motherfucking talking. Let's go down like two bull. I'm jumping on you. You jumping on me. God I even got some oil too like Pete Dick too. I got that Johnson Johnson oil too. But it ain't no drugs illegal. I don't need none of that to get this. Everything come with I'm out for Christmas. I can smell 'em pies, bacon now I can smell that chicken and dressing now in the You don't think I'm fixing do what I'm supposed to do with you?


Shit, I done worked hard all motherfucking year. I'm Finn enjoy myself until my kids I'm not getting child supports your out that child support money because when I show up I'm not showing up for nothing. My baby mama I know you gonna bring. So when you come bitch I'm bringing hands and meat which one you want. Which one you want.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. It's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom video breaking The Tackle Touchdown This week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're Gonna love This coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday owned on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm just telling y'all real. What's going on Carolina Grass Hoppers beat up on them Cardinals too. They spoil the fuck ass too. Oh yeah they easy no more cheese You Oh yeah Jones shit dog. They bitch me earlier in season. I didn't like it. Maybe I wasn't playing good. Maybe I would don't matter but that don't matter. It's all about how you playing now They running back trouble sheet come. I thought that motherfucker was even though Carolina, y'all not going nowhere. I mean y'all not going nowhere. Best thing y'all got going on for ball. That's the only thing going.


Y'all up there in North Carolina write down and And Malcolm X as Jay Cole when he rap other nigga ain't nothing else up there but the Carolina Panther. Y'all got something. You just gotta keep building and building going in that draft and get who you need to get. And I promise you you going to be all right. Las Vegas. Reagan, I seen y'all beat the Ja boy. God dammit. That's what I'm talking about. You your stack. No and not won. When we go tour I want stack shout goddamn Antonio Pierce. I'm praying and hoping that they bring your rabbit gas back for one more year. They putting your business out fa. They say you done at the casino gambling the night before the game. If that's the truth you need to stop that shit.


Put the liquor down nigga. Ain't nobody else gonna tell you. I'm gonna tell you Antonio put the motherfucking liquor down and get focused. I know the mad whoopings hurt but you got to get focused brother. Ain't that many of us up there already now gonna make roll over this motherfucking grave right now. Him and MLK ain't that many of us in po position as it is. We have to take advantage of you see that situation They already put you in with the race. You ain't got no quarterback as it is fam. They want you to fail but you gotta keep pushing. You can't give 'em no reason to for 'em not to give you a job or can't give 'em no reason not to extend you. That's all I'm saying brother.


Keep your head up. Stay positive and keep pushing. But I do wanna see you with one more year in Las Vegas 'cause you might end up with store now. You might not be nothing that next year but if you continue to build and put the right pieces around you could have something. You might have Cam Ward, I don't know New York. John said hold on Doug. Goddammit only you saying the radios God damnit we might get your door. We might get cam ward. Shit we might get Travis on God. I dunno. I know each and every day I turn on TV or on Instagram or Facebook I keep seeing shit about Travis on a girlfriend. I'm tired of seeing that ho. No disrespect for him but I just seen that girl popping pussy on somebody. On somebody dig yo three years ago and you were with him.


You say y'all been relationship for five years. He in the car while you in there popping pussy making it make sense Wouldn't them big me like a big ike turn like when he found god damn on Tina turn on that butt when she was running around with them kids on that book Get on. I be running all over town looking for your ass. Get in the car, get in the car And I know it ain't got business but we gonna wanna see you go down that road. I seen the big homie Dez Bryant just said something to you. Hopefully you take he you to it. If not you going to learn the motherfucking hard way dog. I hate for you to learn the hard way when you finna get all this money. You got some money now but you finn to get all that love hurts.


Ain't love motherfucking hurting my G and I know it do. I know you love her. I know it and I'm going back looking at all your old folk. I know you ain't used to getting no kind of cat like this but that's nothing. Now you can get whoever the fuck you want. Real talk you can get whoever in the fuck you want right now And ain't no doubt about it. So weigh your options. Weigh your options fam. I'm your death. You like this now. I don't give a damn. I'm telling you how I feel and what I'm seeing. It's all about your history or history ain't good right now. You already wasn't a type Now all of a sudden you her type now she leaving emojis and all that.


I leave that motherfucker. What she at you in Denver? She be right there froze. You think the wifi went out when I got done with that hoax she'll be stuck and not do mean stuck. I y'all feeling like man y'all feeling like I'm motherfucking feeling. I cowboy done came through and one boy I can't wait till tomorrow morning. I'm calling my daddy. Wake your whole ass up nigga. What going on nigga you what's going on nigga don't be looking at your because do ain't sending your shit.


Every time Everybody see me now they want me to give 'em something. I'm gonna give you something some motherfucking jail time because that's what some of you niggas doing. If you make it to see Christmas it's a blessing. If you make it to see Christmas it's a blessing. It's a whole lot of our friends and family then literally see it man we done lost some people this year. We done lost some friends. We done lost some family members slop of people that's dead and gone ain't never coming back. So let's be thankful. Let's be grateful that the good Lord still got our ugly ass as him. I know I'm, I'm very grateful heavenly father. I'm very grateful for my platform and for my fans to come over here and chop it up with me and enjoy life.


I'm thankful that Lord to be able to bless me tomorrow live and see you to give away a thousand dollars to a family that need it. I've been praying for you to put me in position heavenly father. I ain't been going to church like I opposed to but guess Lord I I you still ahead of my household. That will never change to the people that's mad at me right now. I don't know it. I don't give a damn. I'll not change. I'm gonna continue to be who I am and that's the man that's gonna give y'all the motherfucking truth. Whether you're lucky or not, niggas don't like the truth Y'all I'm learning that niggas don't like the truth. They want you to lie to them. I'm not gonna lie to you, I'm gonna kill you. The truth even though you gonna wanna hear a lot of us is sleeping with the enemy.


What you mean Doug? The so-called woman that you say you love. The so-called woman you trying to give your everything to. She taking everything you got soaking up everything you got and giving her time and attention to somebody else brother you don't deserve it. Some of you women don't deserve giving all the time and attention you giving to that man and he don't even want it. Stop letting people step on you. Stop letting people step on you and play the fool. I can't believe you dealing with me like this. You were doing it to me all alone now when I'm doing it. That's a problem. We not going to do that. Some of you better be thankful.


Some of you niggas better be thankful. Some of you whole niggas can wake up tomorrow and be built like finesse two times. You better thank God Now arguing with now nigga Bill like finesse and I I like the homie music but I ain't arguing with no nigga that's built like him nigga built like a fire extinguisher always Christmas time these women putting on them clothes, they putting on that shit to hide the motherfucking stomach. Stay up in there shaking that ass. Looking real good. Ain't doing nothing but tricking your ass. Oh she a dime in the club but in the morning she a goddamn big piece. She was a coat but now she'll step up. Do you help me? You niggas better pay attention, take the glasses off and really look, put the looker down and really see what's going on.


Everything ain't what it seem to be. Everything. That Looker ain't gold. Every friend ain't a friend Every to smile ain't genuine. I could tell y'all the truth and that's what I do. It's y'all truth and I'm gonna keep giving y'all truth. Anthony Richardson pulled off one day just a titan started out kind of slow but then he ended it. Right. Taylor had 200 something yard rushes. That's what you got to do. Popping peel ass beef up that motherfucking line and get that bar Richardson in that goddamn bond training room and in that film room all song nigga you won have a summer, you studying film all motherfucking year working on your footwork, working on your accuracy.


That's what I'm doing. If I'm Jim ey, if I'm gonna turn my franchise over to you Anthony Richardson you gonna work for it brother. You going motherfucking work for it because what you did today seven for 113. That ain't going motherfucking get it. I want my car backed on for 250 plus every goddamn thing. Pey. Manny did it and you looked did it. Why can't you do it? You more act athletic than them. You got more arm power than them. But the difference is is this right here and you just the smartest they is. Don't never let 'em tell you you ain't brother because you black. You can't be a smart quarterback. That's bullshit. That's 100% horse shit And I'm just keeping it real with you today on that.


The Vikings went down to the wall with the Seahawks G gonna Swift pushing them boys to the limits. Yeah Rick Ross shot push it to the limit. Yeah saying doing doing what he supposed to do up there in Minnesota. I'm still not sold on y'all yet. But you keep winning. Damn what I'm thinking about you. Damn you proving it Justin Jefferson's him. Oh yeah he's him. Bingos pulled that off too. They coming little too motherfucking lake but the systematic Bingos coming Joe Burrow and Jamar Chase. God damn that's a hell of a combination. Y'all better pay Chase. You not gonna be able to pay Chase in Higgins but you better go ahead and pay Chase ER's gonna go with somebody else.


I'm Cincinnati, I'm blocking Hick. I'm blocking Chase ass up right now like Chase Bank I'm blocking, I'm blocking them. Organizers your shit Tuna fish tools say I ain't retiring, I'm getting too much money. I'm getting you money on. I'm not retiring even though y'all want me to, I'm not going no motherfucking well. Only place I'm going is to that locker room and put on my uniform. And last time y'all heard from Tyreek Hill, only time you heard from him when you have another baby he ain't showed me a motherfucking thing and nigga stop making Buggati.


What they tell me they need to stop making tis watching this show then you know it presented by prize pitch going download it right now. Yeah use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Scan that barcode right there. You wanna make some money? Scan that barcode right there. Use my promo code trash Real talk. You can put $10 in and win 1500. You can't get that nowhere else if you a new one. If you a newbie you can just put $5 in. They gonna give you 50 instantly. Now go off betting on your favorite player more or less. It's like that on pic. I been running it up. You can run it up Real talk if you can't watch me, you damn show can listen to me. On Apple podcast and Spotify download the bubble dub show. That's what we doing all 20 end of 24 and all 2025 we watching Bubble.


That's all I want hear y'all wonder why I'm at, I'm out here in fitness. I got to Tyrese Maxey invited me out to his dad's birthday party. I did a a private company com comedy show for him tonight. I had a blast. I got to you Mr. Tyrone Maxey happy birthday man. I wish you many, many more Tyree keep doing your thing with the sixes man. God is good y'all God is great. And I and and I continue to say that each and every day or each and every time I come on the show, I'm gonna continue to show my love for the good Lord. And some of you like it, some of you don't. I don't give a damn because y'all don't wake me up every morning that man do what y'all eat don't make me shit.


I can say this again Damnit. I'm gonna keep saying other night. LeBron came back Ow. Oh go bow and go on baseline talking on. That's what I'm talking. But it gonna take more than that bro. You gonna go on that front office six hours in Bud and Rob a and have a long motherfucking talk. Y'all want me to continue to be a we do LeBron. Y'all gonna have to give me some motherfucking help because what I got ain't it? And maybe I put this roster together maybe so we going to have to make some changes. Us black folks need to make some change. You think Malcolm X proud of us honestly all this beefing, all this hating on one another that we do.


Do you actually think brother, brother America makes me proud of us. He's not Elijah Muhammad not proud of us man. We some of the most hateful, ignorant, confrontational people on this motherfucking earth. Man. We hate people we don't even know. We hate people. We ain't never seen in real life. We hate them. We talk out. Lemme tell y'all something real talk when they go by this internet shit, if you live off the praises of people, you'll die off the booze and the hate shit.


What people say about me. I let 'em talk. That shit don't bother me. I don't let what other people opinions of me bother me. 'cause I know who I'm, I know who I'm, you know who you are. But when people say bad things about you, they don't even know you let him talk. They talked about Jesus too. Didn't He said he wasn't a son of God until they killed and oh for sure God we ain't gonna do all that. We got to start loving one another and not, I cannot honestly come on this show anywhere and say I hate somebody. I don't. I cannot say I hate you but love God. And for one God I ain't never seen. I mean I'm a hypocrite.


If I say I love God, I hate one of y'all. I don't. I hate nobody. Might not like some of y'all ways. Y'all might not like some of my ways. But I hate no man, especially not a man that's trying to feed his family the right way and do it the right way. We got the store encouraging these brothers to put the guns down. Yeah. Gotta still encourage you brothers to stop putting their hands on these women. We gotta start. Encourage you brothers to stop robbing folks. Gotta start encouraging you brothers to start helping the elderly. Start watching over our neighborhood. Start watching over our children. Protect our children from these motherfucking predators. That's what we need to be doing more than anything.


That's what we need to be doing. That's what I'm doing. If I see a motherfucking crime, I'm reporting it Now. If it's a nigga out here hustling, doing what he doing, I ain't got nothing to say. That ain't my business. I don't see none of that. If I see another nigga trying to rob somebody, I don't care if they white or black or trying to break into somebody house or jumping on somebody. You bitch your bad motherfucking dollar bubble dub gonna report it. I'm just a law of Biden citizen and I'm hearing y'all folks right now mad at Michael Strahan for not putting his hand over his heart. When the announcing anthem. Let me tell y'all motherfucker something. That man has a right to do whatever in the world he want to do.


His daddy was in the military but y'all motherfucker mad. Just you white folk mad that the man didn't put his hand in the heart. Didn't ask. Now did y'all same motherfucker mag at them white folks who stormed their capital? Hell no. Y'all ain. Y'all didn't say a motherfucker thing when they storm their capital, that's they word again. I told y'all about white folks, black people March, white people storm. They storm that motherfucking capital ring all up in there. Did nothing happen Massacre. We all supposed to be together.


We all supposed to be one but we still divided. I don't let that race shit get to me. I don't see color. I see character real. Talk to my old boss man. Daughter, Mandy, you been wanting to gimme some of that cat I want now. I don't give a damn how your daddy going be up. I won't bring it to me. I'm gonna turn that motherfucker and young. Jeez boy. I'm a turn real. They gonna my baby mama. You not getting no motherfucking money from me. I know you.


They gonna bring the kids and get, I know you gonna bring me one. Hell no. Not bring in. Christmas is for the kids Ain't fuck up children who won't ever get nothing. That's what Christmas about. I pray for the children that's in them hospitals that's dealing with cancer and tools and don't know if y'all gonna ever see tomorrow. Me and my heart goes out to y'all. I'm praying for y'all. Man. There's a lot going on in the world y'all. We've been real selfish including myself sometimes man. There's children dying each and every day.


And when you are a father, man, that kind of shit touch you man. Feel a father man. You not in your kids life just because you don't want to be in they life. Trash nigga. Trash nigga. If you a father man and you don't wanna be in your kids' lives, man you trash dog. Your kids didn't ass to be born. Some of you bunk figure ass mothers are pretty giving up that that ass just to give up. That ass trash do man. Your kids didn't ask to be born. If you make them God damnit, take care of em.


I know a lot of you men be trying your best and you build ass baby. Mamas be keeping you good men from their kids. Stop it. Stop it. I want you big feet baby. Her motherfuckers to do right by them children. And I don't mean do right. If I'm gonna leave you with anything Y tonight, I'm gonna leave you with this. The motherfucking cowboy kicked tonight. That's my time. And I see how tomorrow night peace and I house The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, ROS ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis from $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.