
Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to the bubble Do show. I seen some things today I thought I'd never see in my life, but before I, but before I even get into those topics, man, hit the like button tonight. Kick the subscribe button. Ladies. Fellas, I really don't know what to say no more y'all about, about this world we living in, especially in America right now. Oh yeah.


Oh yeah, we got buckle up for these next four years and get ready for what about to come. So no matter what, like I always tell y'all, you still gotta take your ass to work. No matter what color you are, you still gotta go to work. So before I even dive in to, first of all, lemme say congratulations to the Ohio State Buckeyes winning the national championship against the Nore Dame, the Fighting Irish. Congratulations to y'all Ryan Day. Y'all won 34, 23. I knew Ohio State was going to win. I feel like they was just a better team overall. You got to understand Ohio State got five star recruits.


It's hard to be a team who got five star recruits each and every year. They got some of the Ohio State got money, they got money to go out and get the best high school players that it is in the game. So nine times outta 10 Ohio State going be in Gongon, be in some championship and gonna win some. That's just what it is. I got to the fight Irish, I had a great year. Sha got to Riley. Leonard, you know, you had a good game. He was 20 for 29, 240 yards, two tees, Jayden Gray House. You had five catches, one 11 yards. Great, great game. By the way, will Howard for Ohio State, he was what? 17 for 21, 231 yards, two tees and Quincy.


The running back had 11 carriers a hundred yards. Great game. National Championship goes to Ohio State Buckeyes. Y'all deserve it. Y'all think it's the season 14 and two, but tonight I'm gonna shift gears for a minute. You know it's MLK game, y'all. It's, it's more than Luther King Day and it's also the inauguration day for Donald Trump. Who in the hell made that happen? I'm, I'm just simply asking more than Luther King Day in inauguration with Donald Trump that don't go together.


That's just like putting hot sauce on fucking ice cream. It don't belong together. That what happened today, y'all. And we witnessed some things today on TV that we shouldn't have witnessed. Donald Trump, good old friend, Elon Musk. Y'all, y'all, y'all check this out, man. Y'all, I I wanna show y'all some night that he did. Y'all check this out. Y'all know what that is? The Nazi shit y'all do. Y'all know What do y'all, y'all know what Nazis is? That's him. Them how many mama? The innocent people. He'll look to you and you and this the cop.


We we gonna, we gonna, we we going digest this bird tonight. What he just done. Y'all remember last year when Kyrie Irving caught so much flack for watching the movie and making the post anti-Semitic, they suspending him, lost the Nike deal behind shit like this. It was nothing but I raised from the white. I'm talking about Ira, we want him out. The NB where's the motherfucking I raised for that? He done it twice. Do you hear me twice at the inauguration today? That what it did, we supposed to be okay with that.


Or they on MLKA and what they do, they go out and get the bullshit. I wanna be respectful to the, to the, to to child of guys. I wanna be respectful to the pastor up there in Detroit, brother Lorenzo. Sue, I wanna be respectful to you. But you up there talking and talking about MLK, Martin Luther King had a dream and, and, and Trump wish for something in your ear too. Yeah, I got a dream too. Mar-a-Lago on every corner nickel on every corner nickel. That's what he told him.


Now I told y'all wasn't gonna say ain't word. I ain't, I'm saying nickel because you gotta understand what I'm saying to y'all. Y'all, what's going on here today, y'all Martin Luther King, y'all died in 1968 in case y'all didn't know a lot of people believe he, he he got shot. Yes, he got shot a lot of people. He died from the gunshot. No he didn't. He died at the hospital y'all. He was suffocated in the hospital and he was killed. This is public record. You can, you can go and look it up brother. Judge Joe Brown brought this information to us a couple years ago and told us the real reason how Martin Luther King died.


So it wasn't from the gunshot, he was suffocated against hospital bed. Y'all a man survived a gunshot to the neck and then they went to the hospital and finished it off is what they done. Now 1968 y'all, y'all gotta understand back in the sixties was times where whites and blacks wasn't no hole in hands. Black men couldn't even fathom looking at a white woman in their eye. Better they trying to sleep with one. It probably were brothers sleeping with them white hoes. We know that. But they couldn't get caught doing it. That's what we doing now. So think about the times back then y'all were, blacks couldn't go in the white restaurants and eat.


You know what I'm saying? They had to be outside at the back and get food. We talking about racism? No, the same racism that MLK was talking about in his dream. Oh, I had a dream that one day my black children and white children could hold hands together. Them kind of dreams. Well them dreams came true, but it's still racism going on in the world today. And we got some, we got some folks who seem to think that racism is no longer in America and it's straight up bullshit. And why do they think those things all? Because we got blacks in sports now and we and you got black millionaires now and you got black doctors and black lawyers and black judges.


Everything. Okay? No, the fuck is not. It's not okay. It's not. And my question is, when would this shit ever change man? And some of us blacks, I say some of us, some of us don't make it no better. Why? Because we fuss and fight and kill one another. We already fighting another war, but we still fighting to one with ourselves. You see what they ain't doing? They gonna give a mother because by us and I ain't just saying all white people, I'm not saying that y'all, y'all can listen to me. I'm saying something. I'm talking about the people that are powerful that's in position do not give up goodbye me and you.


They don't. So why can't we come together y'all, you know what I'm saying? Come together. Like that's one thing I noticed. I've seen a clip of RIP that Muhammad Ali white man come together and say hey man, we know this Malcolm X Sam Cook. It was a whole lot of black people coming together. I think it was down there in Miami. And they asked him what was they doing down there in that meeting? And and Brother Muhammad Ali says, none of your business white people get together all the time and have planned meetings and all this and that and it's not a problem. But when a bunch of blacks get together and try to unionize and get unity, it's a problem.


They don't ever register y'all in y'all mind man I kind of scrutiny we are under right now in America. Ah man, it it, it is good man. Ain't nothing ever good. Nah man. You know what I'm saying? I seen somebody with a sign and sign and said make America great again on MLK day. I don't know how y'all feel as a black man or a black woman but that touched me today man. Seeing shit like that. And Trump didn't waste no motherfucking time either. And we already knew that ain't we are inauguration that this motherfucker sang an executive force.


You remember two weeks ago when I told y'all about them people that were riding, they got clemency, they got poison today. So anybody who did anything to them, police officers, they done got off. Y'all understand the kind of war we fighting now and I ain't mad at Trump do your thing because I like that you going to do for yours when we going to get somebody in there that's going to do for us. We not asking for no motherfucking handouts. We don't need no handouts. We just want equal opportunity. That's all. And we not getting it. We got some blacks that's in power right now, y'all. They won't do a motherfucking thing but y'all still praise 'em.


Y'all still go out there and support 'em but what them niggas don't give a damn about me and you. All they care about is pad their pockets. They showing you each and every day. All they wanna do is pad their pockets and then when they get in trouble they wanna run to us for us to save them. Stop saving them nigga store letting them drown. Sometimes they pray on the weak. Never forget that These celebrities Victor, they pray on the weak. Oh I'm gonna run back to them. They love me, they ain't never been around no celebrity. I'm gonna run behind them and try to get some love even though I done 'em wrong. I'm gonna go and try to get some love. Stop showing these Negroes. Love y'all that don't deserve it man. You got people that's in the community doing great things right now for the boys and girls clubs and and and and and people with counsel and children who, who need mentors.


Mentors who need fathers in their lives, leaders in their lives, people in the community that's doing it right now. And we overlook 'em every day because they don't have a big name. They don't have money and cars and jewelry and all this and that. We'll just look at the celebrities and it ain't, that ain't the business no more man. And I can see now what brother Malcolm X was trying to do back then. You know we had black hospitals, black lawyers, black doctors, black black restaurant, we all black everything. They didn't like Malcolm all because he was a eye for an eye and all that type. No he was just saying here you going to hit me in my eye and don't think I ain't gonna hit you in your damn eye.


That's all Malcolm Mess was trying to say. Nobody wasn't trying to hear what he was trying to say but now they see what brother Malcolm was talking about. Yeah, they see what brother Malcolm was talking about. Your time the change, things done got a little better but it's still rotten to the motherfucking car. It's still rotten. And I'm gonna say this again in the NFL, in the NFL there are no what black owners and before y'all get on here and say Magic Johnson he own a piece.


He ain't the shot caller. He own peace of a league that is 85% black. I don't think y'all understand what I'm saying to y'all tonight man. I don't think y'all understand what I'm trying to tell y'all tonight man Sha I took a Buckeye though. I don't think y'all understand what's truly going on tonight man. Y'all got to wake up man. We got to do better. We gotta watch who we support. That's all I'm saying. And then, and for the people that's getting on here, man I ain't doing nothing with the white folk man. Please, white people got they hands in anything in the world bro. You can't stall them out. But what we can do, we can do better with one another.


That's all I'm saying. We got to do better with one another and how we treat one another 'cause them motherfuckers are are disciplined or suspending us, stopping us from getting money when we do certain things. But when they do certain things it's okay. They getting pats on the back now I wanna see the same outrage them folks had with Kanye West when he did his anti-SIM stuff that they claim. Oh when I want to see the same outrage with Elon Musk. If it's like a revolving door, y'all the same thing. Keep going on and on and on and on and on.


Y'all same shit keep going on each and every day. Talk to me today more Luther King day I'm Finn to get in the chat. Y'all talk to me right now and let me know how y'all feeling right now about the thing Trump did in his first day in inauguration. Y'all let me know how y'all feeling about this man. And this the third time this doesn't happen too by the way. It happened with Clinton in 97 on the inauguration on MLK all day and he had people out there with the saxophone, black people doing they thing. And it happened on Barack too. So this the third time this doesn't happen so it's not something new but come on man. Martin Luther King Day inauguration with Donga Trump that don't go together.


I'm Finn to get in the chat. Y'all talk to me man. Let me know how y'all feeling man. Talk to me. I see a lot of people upset with Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg got on with that four years ago or what, four, eight years ago, whatever it was. Took my anybody to go up there and perform for Donga Trump. He was going to get on their ass and talk about 'em and then he messed around and went up there and performed. Do you understand? You gotta be careful what you say God will make a lie to your ass. You gotta be careful what you say. Now he sit up there and saying oh this and that and he call him Jigaboo and went up there and did the same motherfucking thing. Now come ain't mad bitch.


I'm just talking about what's been going on. That's all. Now all you got to do is say look fam I ain't got the money. That's all you got to say. But black people are waking up now. They're waking up now and saying you know what, y'all not finna fool us no damn mo. Who y'all think we y'all not finna fool us no damn mo time after time, after time after time y'all we play the fool. Man we y'all know how many ancestors of our, how many ancestors of ours died. Hmm.


Ain't no other race had bad than us black folks And I ain't heard the a for no sympathy or none of that shit. We just speaking facts in history since they going to sweep shit under the rug. We going to bring the history back here today. We were slaves. We were picking cotton, we was killed. They raped us in front of our own wives. And and they do. Y'all understand that being a man and they come in and take your wife or your daughter and rape her in front of you and you can't do shit about it year after year after year after year. They done that to us.


Psychological war for what they did y'all. And it's still is to some of our blood right now. You had don the lighter you was, the closer you was to a master and if you was my color and God, you, you like you, you didn't even know it was a a a damn house on the farm. That's how far you was away. Do you understand what I'm saying? That's where that hate come from, from us. The hate hate your own. Why can't you hate your own? I'm just like you, you just like me but I'm hate you though. I'm gonna hate you 'cause you got good hair. I'm gonna hate you. I'm gonna hate you 'cause you got pretty teeth.


I'm gonna hate you 'cause you got pretty eyes. I'm gonna hate you 'cause you're taller than me. I'm gonna hate you 'cause you're better than me in basketball. I'm gonna hate you 'cause you're better than me in football. I'm gonna hate you 'cause you could throw up a ball better than me. I'm gonna hate you 'cause you can get, get more women than me. I'm gonna hate you 'cause you more smarter than me. That's the mentality that some of us have today. Do you hear me? That's the mentality that some of us have today. I don't like you because you smiling all day. Why he smiling? Ain't nothing to smile about. So I don't like you. I don't like you for what you say yet. You got some people that's watching this show right now. Ain't going to like you because you might have voted for Trump or you might have voted for Kamala Harry, y'all are y'all seen the picture I'm trying to paint here today.


Y'all do. Y'all honest? Do y'all honestly see what Martin Luther King was talking about and trying to see and it's still racism to this day. He was fighting a a, a battle that wasn't going a award that he, we ain't gonna never win. I'm more on the Malcolm X side of the game. I for and I two for real talk. When you got some brother say, oh man, I'm out here getting a little money now I'm out here with the white folks now. It is all good. That's, that's, that's, that's good. That's what's up. But when they turn on your motherfucking ass don't running back down road us expecting us to come save you n stay your ass where you at?


That's the same attitude that brother Malcolm X had and the world, the media white work out the pain game is crazy being what they do. They they started divisioning his own camp between him and brother Elijah Muhammad. Yeah. Yeah. They want to think they wanna put out there that we killed them. My own killed them but we all know who killed them. The L fbi, we all know this. All you gotta do is research this shit. Trump say he gonna release the information on JFK. We gonna give a damn. We know what happened to GJFK released. Release the information. What happened to Malcolm X and Martin released that because the people need to know the truth and the facts.


That's all I'm saying because I been a lot of bloodshed man. A lot of bloodshed from my people man dying. They used to sick dogs, arms workers stay and night sick and tired. Imagine being sick and tired. Your hands bleeding from picking cotton all day and you just don't want to go to work and if you didn't go to work they'll beat your ass. You ain't like now when you're tired and sick, I ain't going to work. You, you ain't gotta go. But back then they didn't have that, the the the choices or the opportunities to do that. And you got some of us that's in power right now to sit back and let certain things happen to us and they gotta look power to stop certain things and they don't give a about none of us.


Y'all understand what go on to some of us man. They got these trains running through What, what most of these trains run through, huh? The black neighborhood and they smoke and polluting the earth polluting this shit where you stay 30 and 40 and 50 year. These factories being where in the hoods putting y'all on game tonight man. Hopefully y'all listen this ain't, you know, I just know I'm a sports show but tonight I ain't just feeling sports tonight though. I'm, I'm feeling like just talking about the truth and things that we can do to, to to to be better And I ain't saying leave here tonight and be mad at white people.


'cause the white people that that they try to make us be mad at. We don't need to be mad at all. White people ain't like this. I'm talking to the ones that's in power them the ones I'm talking about man. And to my Mexicans that's watching this show. It go for all us minorities man. Real talk. We have to stick together. Now this gonna go out one ear and the other. But what I'm saying here tonight, don't think that racism doesn't exist no more in America because you seeing so many black folks and Mexican folks and and other folks thriving, don't you be, don't you believe that Shit, it's a lot of racism going on each and every motherfucking day.


They ain't gotta have no Ku Klux playing thing on their head no more. Some of 'em police officers, some of 'em judges, some of 'em in the White House now some of 'em doctors, some of 'em lawyers. Yeah it still exists. And don't you think for one minute they won't hold your rabbit ass back because they will got 'em in the banks Now you got a 700 credit score and guess what? Some of us still can't go down there and get a hundred thousand loan but I just seen some white people going over a 600 credit score and get every motherfucker thing they if you think I'm lying you go look up that lawsuit Chase Bank got right now denying us Niels denying us Niels with excellent credit we can't get nothing but white people can go in there with lesser credit, lesser money in the bank, lesser assets and get


John Stewart is back in the host chair at the Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is not about not supporting white business. You can't you there ain't nothing you can do about that y'all. Y'all keep saying you ain't supporting no white businesses man stop it. That's there ain't nothing you can do about that. The water you drink, white people own that. You know what I'm saying? The food you eat white people on that, that's got outta that notion that we ain't gonna support white, not all whites. I'm just simply saying be mindful of the way we live and what we do and how we treat one another. That's all I'm talking about here tonight. It's how we treat one another that's already hard for some of us blacks as it is. Like I say, some of us got felonies, can't get a good job at all. So now opportunities ain't there as they would be for someone who don't have a felony.


And like I told y'all a couple weeks ago, if you got a felony on you, if you got a felony you can't get a good job, go and get you a trade, go and get your CDL, you can go and get your CDL. You can go and get your truck driver license and I got a partner up here in Dallas, Texas that do the prison reform Brewster and we will put you in a truck and put you on the road man. Just because you got a felony is not over now the best bet is to go get your CDL man. That's the best bet. That's what you can do them more opportunity. But don't give up. Don't fall into the notion I got man. I ain't got a feeling man. I can't get a good job so man I'm just gonna sell dope or I'm I'm, I'm just going to go out here and rob no man.


Get that mentality out. Get that, get that bullshit out your mind. That's what they gonna mean. And you to believe you got a felony, it's over for you. It ain't over just the beginning. Trust me, I been, I got family members who got felonies man. And all they want to do is just sell dope but you got to show 'em man. It's a better way than that. It's a better way than robbing. It's a better way to scheming on people. There's ways to make money, big money, legal and take care of your family. Don't give up some of us, some of y'all watching probably done made mistakes early in your life but the system still want to punish you for it.


Don't give up. It's other ways to get this paper out here. Our president got 75 motherfucking felons and it ain't stopping you so don't make it stop you. My mission here tonight is about the anti-Semitic hand justice that that Elon Musk was doing. Don't think for one minute. I don't personally think that it's gonna be money flowing. It's gonna be money flowing. No doubt about it. It's gonna be some money flowing but you gotta be careful though. That's all I'm saying about this shit right here. This shit going to be tricky. This shit going be tricky. Like I say, you still gotta go to work tomorrow so don't let what I'm talking about or what happened today.


Still gotta go work. Still got a job to do but that don't mean educate your kids. They taking all the history outta school now and our kids don't know where we come from or what we went through. That's all on say educate your kids when they come home. Yes they go to school and learn but also they got to learn at the motherfucking house too. Real talk. Yeah we gonna to get an education. Yeah we going to learn more than just learning how to read and write and math. It's more than life than that shit. You gonna know what we come from. You going to know about the struggle. You going to know what you up against.


You going to learn that. Every smile ain't genuine. That's all I'm saying. And this shit y'all get caught up in and IIII was right there with y'all. Y'all get caught. I heard this a lot. That illuminary man that shit ain't real man. Man Lumina shit ain't real man. You know how many people that want be in the illuminati my nigga Like what? Like what they meeting up at? Okay what they signing people up at? I'm I y'all to think about this shit. What like huh? First the applications to be in the Illuminati. I wanna know that shit ain't real. That's a mind thing. They playing on the poor. They play on the poor.


That's how they thrive making us think certain shit. Oh you gotta do this and that to be rich. They want you to think that shit can't know half of y'all real people ain't gonna do that shit. It's a mind game. It's a trick. Don't fall for that shit. So I guess Floyd Mayweather is in Illuminati like he didn't work his ass off and win every fight. Come on y'all black people gotta be smarter than that Now do some black people do some good shit behind closed doors. A lot of 'em do. White people do too lot. Lot of 'em do. But the Illuminati and that shit is fake. It is not real. Just a myth that people think oh man they illuminati man.


That's why they got that two $300. So Illuminati only for black people is what y'all saying man get the fuck out here. No true. I'm not. And that's what I'm saying. No they can't rape by women now in front of our face. I'm talking about back then we done something to our psyche. That's what I'm saying brother, back in them days man you a hard hardwork man and you got a family and you out here on this farm working, you know what I'm saying? Slavery and then anyone of they friends come over and they might wanna see your wife, they might wanna see your daughter and they might want to just go and they want some of that and there ain't nothing you could do about it.


You could fight that and they'll kill you. That's what I'm saying that's that's got, that had to been hard on some of us to see, see your wife sleep with another man or your girl or your to sleep with another man. Ain't ain't nothing you can do about it man. I aint and today ain't you I be damn not fixing happen. Y'all not feeling to happen. Shit. Not on my watch already. Already cheating on me.


That's different. That's different. We talking about taking somebody against they will that's rape. That's same thing they saying P did it did that saying P did it. Right. Saying he did it against somebody's will. That means somebody was saying no he did it anyway. That's what they did to us. Anytime they felt like it, they did it to us. That's a problem now that is, that is a problem. They control everything. That's why I don't let it get to me. That's why I just put my head down y'all. I just do my, I do what I love to do. God it blessed me to do what I love.


A lot of people can't wake up in the morning and do what they love. I've been blessed to do what I love. Why? Because I work to get to where I'm at. That's all. I'm my own boss. At the end of the day I do what I want do. Yeah and it feel good to do that but sometimes we got obligations we we gotta do. When I mean obligations that mean come over here on a certain time over ever and and and get the word out y'all what I'm taught my sports or whether I'm talking about this and you got some people, they don't wanna be their own boss. They just wanna go to work, do their nine to five and live life. There's nothing wrong with that. I hate when people get in positions like me sometimes and they look down on people who work in nine to fives.


I can never do that. I come from nine to five. My whole family pretty much work nine to five. I'll never get on this show or anybody's show and down talk to working people. You know what I'm saying? That's not me. I been not done that. I don't ever wanna do that again. I pray to God continue to bless me but I didn't seen, I didn't been around certain people. I'm not around no people no more that look down on people for going and working nine to fives can't do it. But when I was working a nine to five y'all I did have a slave mentality not because I was working nine to five because I was just being naive to what's going on When you, when you your own boss you can get up in the morning, you can go and do this and that.


But when you on a job they tell you when you can take your 30 minute break when you can take your, you know what I'm saying? They tell you what you can and what you can't do. That's what I'm saying. You don't want nobody to tell you hey you missed tomorrow, you fired. You don't want that. You don't want that shit at all. That's what I'm saying. Our mentality is if you got a chance to go in business for yourself or to own your own business, if you can't do it own your own business so now you can leave something to your kids, to your sons or to your dogs. 'cause we already know how hard it is for women in this world. White black in it is hard for women period.


We know that you same shit we was talking about with Joy Taylor allegedly she had to get that ass up to move up. That's what I'm talking about. But if I got a dollar and I got a, I got two girls and I got a business and I can give her my business, they ain't gotta worry about giving no ass up to nobody to move up up and let me just quit saying women men too. 'cause a lot of you men like to give y'all ass up too to move up. Let just be 100, let's just be 100 on this show. A lot of times we get businesses y'all and we sell 'em. Cool. Cost me 200,000 to get the business going. Somebody come along want gimme 2 million for it, y'all sell it.


Sometimes you need hold onto what you got. Pass that shit along in the family. If you can keep that shit going, keep that business going. It's educational shit. I'm just concerning shit that I can learn from people and I want y'all to know some of the stuff that's going on too. 'cause a lot of people like to withhold information and some of y'all on here might know more than me. If you in the comment here let us know put it down. Well we all can learn this together on some of this stuff. Shit, I'm never too old to learn learn something each and every mother fucking day. But I'm just mad that they was letting that man do that Nazi shit and was criticizing and Kyrie Irving and Kanye West and they didn't do nothing as bad as this.


That's how I'm really talking about here tonight. Come on America, we better than that. And then on top of that you coulda did this shit yesterday and then your orders on the January 6th. Shit clemency. Okay you could have done that yesterday. Today could have been a K shit. A joke. It's a joke And it's a joke to some of us black folks too 'cause I'm being seen some y'all. Oh, MLK really Some barber marches. Churches getting bomb, little kids getting killed. All because the color of our skin.


All because we wanted equal. We wanted to be equal. We was getting killed getting doll sick, thrown spit in our face. Burnt up, shot up. I want some motherfucking pie. I can't have no pie because I'm black. That's that's, that's this shit deep man this shit is deep than than it could ever be 'cause I get it, you know. Excuse me. A lot of time black folks get in position I'm gonna be 100 man. A lot of time black people get in position man they gonna reach back out to try to help us.


They gonna try to reach back out to educate us. They really come back. Some of 'em to come back to stung on us to show 'em how much money they got, how many cars they got, how many houses they got or oh man I'm helping the community put you on game in case you don't know a lot of this shit be tax write off. Is you really helping the motherfucking community or is it just a tax write off to you because I always show donating this now real people go out in the streets, go out in the streets with people where you know people really need help and help families. You ain't gotta talk about it either. What you do for nobody either you can really go out here and stimulate the economy or stimulate your neighborhood to make things better.


You can do that. But I I, I seen people, I ain't gonna say no names I don't want, I don't, I don't get into they messy shit but I done seen what people could really stimulate. They economy stimulate they people and they don't do it. They'd rather go do other things and it's they money they can do whatever they get moving through. But I'm just speaking for me when I'm in that position, I'm working to get there. I'm gonna make a change now. I ain't just sitting up here just talking to y'all. I'm going to make a change 'cause I knows some people out here where I'm from back home and other places that can really use the help. Really use the the resources. Niggas being power, niggas being positioned y'all and they don't want to do it.


They got the same mentality man F them Nichols shit I ain't worried about them. I got mine, I'm good. I ain't worried about nobody here, me and my family and that's it. You ever hear people sometimes break news 10 people got killed, got killed at the grocery store. You ever hear people be like man I sure hope it ain't my people man you pray. You hope it ain't nobody. You hope it ain't nobody. You understand nobody back in the days children could go outside and play and nobody above bother. You can't even let your children go outside and play now.


Well unless you got to go out there with 'em. That motherfucking amber alert going off every five goddamn seconds. Somebody in a great Honda than took somebody. You can't let your kids go out and play no more unless you out there with 'em because the wordless evil and crooked and nobody know who kidnapped him but they got cameras that satellites every motherfucking word and every rip light everywhere. But they can't find none of us but let little Jessica go missing. They'll find that motherfuck in two hours.


It's a sad time y'all but Itall gonna motivate us to do better. It hard motivate us to how to treat one another better love one another be and I know it God damn it's hard love in us. I ain't gonna lie. It's hard loving us and I get it. It's hard man. It's hard And I'm only one man. I only could do so much man. I wish a whole lot of other people had my attitude and mind frame on certain things. But that's okay. We going to get there and we going to get there together. I don't believe in having a hundred dollars in my pocket in my homeboy having nothing in his pocket. If I got a hundred he gonna at least have 20 or 30.


That's just the mentality I got man. I can't be around people starving dog. I can't, I can't be eating steak every night and my partner eating noodles now you gonna eat what I eat dog. I'm no better than you. You cut me, I'm gonna bleed just like you bleed dog. We got people who gonna think like that and that's okay in in the bible when they rich man with the god what he say? How can I en enter the kingdom of heaven? And what when would God tell him go and get all the things you stored up and give it away. That rich man wasn't trying to hear that shit. Everything I got give away shit.


That's what he said. Basically he can say they in the Bible but basically the Bible is insinuating that he wouldn't do that. That's not me. Appreciate whoever sent that. No that ain't do man. And we get caught up and and I get we do. I do it all the time for entertainment saying who would best I do that just for entertainment purposes. I just love doing that. But between Michael Jordan and LeBron James, they both black. We would get sit back and just talk about it sometime. They both black before we arguing and fussing about we gets the blessing that these guys could pick up the ball and and do the things they could do with it.


You understand what I'm saying? Coming from our history and where we come from, they both black what we, what we arguing about. Nothing be arguing about man nothing. Black people, some of the greatest people on earth, we are more than just sports. That's what they wanna put on us all. They are great in sports but they ain't that smart. They a motherfucking lie. Do y'all know invented the cell phone? A black man? Do you hear me? A black man. We are very smart and intelligent no matter what they try to say and do about us, we are very smart and intelligent.


We make the world go around. We just don't know how to stick together because one of the problems we have, Whoever owned this show at seven said Ken Kenny made 10 million, let's say 10, 12% black people. Kenny made 10 million. Damn man I ain't made but $20,000. Shit we need to go over and take some of Kenny money. White people don't think like that white man Kenny made $10 million last year. How about we all get together and go over there and talk to Kenny and find out how he made $10 million and maybe we could start making $10 million.


Oh when brother start doing good we, our mind frame is to take, oh I mean he in Illuminati now. He think he better than one another. We gotta get out that mind frame man. We gotta get out that mind frame and come together. People don't wanna come together. People want hate and all this and that.


Watching this show man. It's presented by PIC scan. That barcode right there. First time users put $5 in, you get a $50 instantly betting more or less on your favorite player.


Yep. Man, hopefully I ain't bored y'all tonight man. I just had a lot on my mind, a lot on my chest. My heart goes out to a lot of women man that's being, that's out here prostituting and you know and they, some of 'em getting kidnapped man. And some of 'em come a little missing. Lot of these families can't find them and that shit be on my mind a lot. The am alert. That shit be on my mind man. You can't even let your kids go outside and play no more while people trying to take 'em or grown men want to sleep with babies and, and this is sad y'all, but we gotta, we gotta keep pushing.


We can't give up. We ain't looking for no sympathy. I ain't looking for no sympathy. Trump in the office. God damnit I'm gonna make it do what he do. Real talk. I ain't letting cause that man in the Trump stop me for what I'm doing. Do you hear me? You got to be a crazy mother because unless somebody stop you from doing what you doing, you can't control what he do. Y'all better get up off y'all asses and go and get this And put it up. It's okay to buy you a few things. Ain't gonna tell you don't do that 'cause I done that. It's okay. But make sure you stacking more than you spending.


That's all I'm saying. Save that job. It pays to save man. Feel good man. I don't give a damn if you save $50 a month, save it. If you can save $50 a month man. If you can save more than that. If you can't. But put that shit up. Especially you got kids, they may wanna go to school, they get certain ages. You wanna better buy 'em a car but put some of your money back And I get it, some of you ain't make enough to put back. I I told this story, not tell it again man. It was a time where I can buy a pair of shoes for like 3, 3, 3 years. Man. I, I wasn't able to buy no shoes.


I was just taking care of my girl and kids. It was just was my thing man. Just like seven years ago to be, to be exact. When I first started doing skits I had people who know me back home. You know I had that crime Victoria, I had it for like 12 years man. I went and got my CDL Yeah man, I wasn't, I wasn't able to do nothing but I was, I just happy to be alive man. I had a, I I know I could sit up there and be like, Martin Luther King say I had a dream but I never thought about being no comedian. I've been funny my whole life but I never thought I was gonna be going on tour and doing all this and this stuff.


And it just happened. And once I started doing what I was doing, I knew one day I was gonna be in this kind of position that I'm in today. 'cause I, I just knew I just had that feeling. But I come from jobs like I told y'all I was making $25,000 a year. Nah, I'm not gonna hear to talk down on nobody or make nobody feel no kinda way about making $25,000 a year. But that's poverty and I, you could take it however you want to take it, but I'm being honest with you today, if you making less than $50,000 a year, that's poverty y'all. And I didn't know that and I was making 25,000. I was and I didn't know.


But that's poverty. So if you've been making it less than $50,000 a year, who owes to you? But that's poverty man. And some of your people at your job, your employers, they ain't going to tell you that. But that's just facts. That's just reality of, of other situations. So I come from making $25,000 a year and all I could do was just take care of my girl and my kids car ragley. I couldn't get out on the driver's side. I had to get out on the passenger side. Didn't have no new shoes, didn't have no new clothes, didn't have nothing. Nothing but God and a wheel to, to to and and we didn't even get food stamps.


You understand? Didn't even get food stamps. But I had a will. I had a will to be better than my parents, be better than my father. I had a will to be great.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I had a wheel to break generational curses. Didn't know how I was going to do it but I knew one day I would be able to do it. I knew one day I'll be able to wake up and, and and and don't be having to check my card to see if there's any money on there. I knew one day I could go shopping and, and and and not worrying about when the next time I'm gonna get paid. I knew one day and the reason why I'm telling you this is not 'cause it's probably somebody gonna hear going through the same shit that I was going through. Never give up fam. I understand you still mad about your raven? Hell I would be too. I ain't gonna lie to you. 'cause I feel like this was the year Lamar Jackson was so supposed to get to the Super Bowl and winning one.


I really, I I felt that. I felt if they was, if they could get by Buffalo I felt like they could get to the Super Bowl and win. But it didn't happen dog. And I understand you mad. I would be too. I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan bro. So I've been mad all motherfucking year since week three. Ever since the Saints be our mother as I've been mad and I don't care how many other jerseys y'all see me in. I got every jersey it is and I'm gonna keep one of 'em. But just because you see me in a jersey do not mean that's my team. I'm an entertainer. Y'all that shit just might match my shoes that day.


That shit might just match my hat. I'm just simply saying y'all, y'all get too investigating these teams and these teams ain't paying y'all. Oh man you in the Buffalo girl. I told y'all Buffalo paid for me to come out the buffalo this year and and and and support them and and get 'em some content. So I'm going with the money though. I love the cowboy but Cowboys ain't never paid for me to come out. Never. So my attitude boom and it's the same thing to relate to life. I go warm love that. I go where? Accepted that. And y'all should do the same thing. A lot of you Negroes on here chasing these ho stop chasing them hoes and chase that money because the holes with it.


Don't be backwards. Chase the whoever you looking for gonna be. But you can't get no money chasing no hold brother. You can't get no money chasing no woman either. If she don't want you, she just don't want you start knowing them. That's what you do. You start knowing them and if she really down she gonna come back around. Now you got the upper head now you do what you supposed to do Bubba. He's That's the part of the show we do the hell no thing right there. Somebody ask me Bubba Dub man would you ever go up there and and and perform for a president that, that that you going like or rock with?


Hell no I'm not doing it man. Lemme tell y'all something y'all seen. Who did? They just canceled about a couple years ago. They canceled somebody. Shit. I get my career just got started, shit, not shit. I get up here and talk about how I wanted Trump in the office. I owe motherfucking day. Hey real talk. But you think I'm finna go out there perform for shit, not gonna do it. Snoop Dogg can do it no matter what. Snoop Dogg paid and his fan base ain't going no motherfucking where Snoop sitting it man niggas get on there and talk hate all they want but they still going to rock with Snoop Ned nigga same way Now I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna to get say that now 'cause Nelly might be finished but hey he rich.


He good but Snoop Snoop I come man we gonna forever love Snoop at the end of the day no matter what he said this and that it wasn't right. We know it wasn't right but at the end of the day you gonna rock with Snoop nearly. You might be on your own fan. You know niggas hiding at you right now. Dog. Niggas probably ain't coming to them concert nearly. I know you just, you know what I'm saying. I don't know. I just know my career just started. I ain't doing this shit hell to the hall so y'all ain't gotta worry about dub going up there to that motherfucking white house and performing for n never. Hell no. You don't like my you don't like my people? Huh?


You don't like my people. I just like saying you don't like my mama do I love my mama with death. That's the way I look at certain things too and and and I don't know how y'all look at certain things but people but I'm the same way like this. If a nigga don't like my mama, he don't like me. You understand? If a fucker don't like my mama then you damn so don't like me. A person can't tell me I don't like your mama DI like you. I be damn you shit. Yeah you don't like me. If you don't like my mama de show then goddammit you don't like Gary Lee. You might well get your ass hung up by my motherfucking face. Ain't nothing else to talk about.


Ain't nothing else to talk about. You don't like my kids then Goddammit you don't like you lot of time. What we do, we have a homeboy, we cool we can love. We'll let somebody else come around talk about it. Now you got a story telling people hey hello fam I don't know your problems that you got with my brother or my homeboy but I don't want to hear that. I'm not gonna let you sit friends and talk down and disrespect my partner. What kind of friend of mine? Whatever y'all got, y'all need to work out on your own. But I'm not fixing sit here and let you talk about em when they ain't here says that's how you stop a lot of shit in the world. People come around grown men head like women gather up and talk down on somebody else.


That shit ain't cool. That ain't real. Men ain't doing that in no hateful way. Talking down in a hate mouth. We ain't doing that. We ain't doing that. Now if it sports they just different. We talk with sports, we man ain't do shit last night. Okay that's cool but somebody you know you talking down stop it. That's women shit. Men don't do that. Men don't do that. Somebody say find Lil Hailey in two hours. Real talk. But they can't find Keisha ass. I ain't looking for her. That's the thing. They ain't looking for them. They ain't looking for 'em.


And it's something I've been wanting to do. I forgot. Shout out to all the firefighters out there in LA that's been helping fight these fire, these fires, wildfires. Y'all been away from y'all families. I wanna say thank y'all so much for what y'all been doing for the people up there in LA and not just LA all around the world. Firefighters man y'all, y'all look courageous. Y'all are heroes for going in there fighting them fires 'cause y'all gonna know if y'all gonna be able to come out or not. To my people that's in the army Navys Air Force out here fighting the war for us. I wanna say I salute y'all. Thank y'all for doing what y'all do for this country 'cause I damn sure couldn't do it.


So I wanna say thank y'all to the lawyers who were didn't innocent people off to the doctors that performing surgeries on each and every one of us each and every day to go on there. I wanna say thank you to everybody's that's just, that's contributing to the world and in a positive way. I I wanna give a shout. I to the pastor out here that's tricking and fucking your members keep doing what you're doing. Don't stop somebody gotta do it. Real talk. Say what y'all wanna say about these pastors. Goddammit. If you out here getting your little ass, ain't nothing wrong. Ain't nothing wrong with getting, getting, getting, getting your thing with.


Ain't nothing wrong with it. Dog ain't got no complaint from Doug. Do what you do. Don't get mad when I do. That's all I motherfucking saying. You see me somewhere y'all, I ain't got no place. Keep your motherfucking mouth closed. That's all I'm saying. And if I see you somewhere and you ain't got no business being there, you ain't gotta worry about me saying nothing. I don't see you, you don't see me. You continue to do your thing. I'm continue to do my thing. That's all I'm saying here night with y'all. Too many people be running they motherfucking mouth. No you might not go back and, and and and you know what I'm saying, tell somebody but you might say it to your homeboy, man, I've seen such and such old girl and your homeboy might be cool with such and such and then tell on you sometime when you see sick.


It's best to keep your mouth. Yeah, do your thing that way you just be talking man. They be talking too much. Dak got traded man please you need to But Dak ain't got traded man. Hell, we ain't got no head coach. We ain't got no head coach. Nah, nah. In addition what this is about tonight man. I just wanted to come over and just let y'all know. I mean y'all already watched the game but this was just on my mind today. This inauguration stuff. The stuff that Elon Musk did man. And I know a lot of times people don't really just talk, talk real talk and and and try to break things down and talk about certain things that go on with us.


'cause sometimes people be too far removed. Like it'll be hard for LeBron to come over here and just give real talk and about what going on in the hood. He don't know nothing about the hood, you know what I'm saying? He too far removed from this shit dog. Like it ain't gonna resonate with some of y'all. The shit that he would get on here and talk about a lot of these people, they, they can't relate. These people been millionaires what, 30 what? 25, 30 years. Now they, they can't relate to this shit. I can relate. I've been right there with y'all man. From every step of the way. We, we, we, we could talk about the losses that we have. You know, just being honest. Sometime only time we go to church is is for a funeral room.


That's the only time that we step into a church house when somebody die. I'm just being real y'all. I'm not lying. That go for myself now. Just keeping in 100. Sometime we gonna go to church until it's Easter. Y know I'm not lying to y'all. Easter we going out and buying us a motherfucking suit gonna be clean then a motherfucker going up and now that's the only time we going to try to show off. Oh let's believe I'm gonna church Easter. I'm gonna be clean motherfucker too. Ooh lie. Ain't I And TI boys ain't I but ain't been nothing. 15 years become Easter. I'm there.


That's the mentality man. I ain't going to church around Easter time. Well I ain't going up until somebody die and I ain't saying you gotta go to church now. Listen that I'm just talking to myself. Is it 'cause the way you live your life is the way you live your life. I ain't got no heaven. I ain't got no hell or put you in. So I'm not judging nobody on here who don't go to church. So don't judge me. I'm just speaking for me sometimes y'all. That's all. I'm just talking about what worked for me. 'cause what worked for me might not work for you. Now you got a lot of people get on here and get mad. Duh. You gotta quit joking about this and this duh, this and that. But the whole time you singing too. That what you call hypocrites. You singing just like I'm singing.


What? What? Make my sin worse than your singing. Come on now. I don't get it. It ain't for us to get but I can tell you what this weekend coming up, I can tell you this weekend that was coming up, you got the Philadelphia Eagles going against the Washington Commander. That's gonna be a thing. Jayla Hearst. Jayden Dang. Who you got? Oh. Division two division teams in the C Championship. They said Jerry Jones couldn't eat his applesauce today. He was so motherfucking mad and he can't be mad at nobody but his damn self. Do you hear me? This gonna be a game.


It's gonna be in Philly. Hopefully it ain't snowing. 'cause I'm going yeah to all my Philly fans, Washington fan. If it ain't snowing, I'm going to be at that game. I don't know what I'm wearing. I might be all Eagle down. I might be all Commander Girl down. But at the end of the day I'm going, well what the fuck I doing? Well Real talk. Or I say well I'll take that back. I might go to the Bills game up there in ca. You know the Kansas City Chiefs but they in Missouri. I say I got it. Right. I might go to that game. I don't know. I might have to call my Young Bull and and and and and tell him hey I might pull up on you.


If I am Keon, I might pull up on you fam know you wasn't show. I might pull up on you Real talk. I might. And then if I do go to that game, I'm gonna be all all Bills. Girl, I'm letting you know that. Nah, I ain't wearing no chief's gear. I'm just being 100. If I go that bill Chief guy, I'm gonna be an all Bills gear. But if I go to the Philadelphia game, I might be an either or I just gotta keep one. Oh I might be an either or. So Real talk. I'm just keep the nigga buck with y'all trash Sugar Day going to Elon Mu praise. If you got a motherfucking Tesla, I I'll send in that motherfucker back, trade it in.


And one thing I wanna leave y'all with before I leave this show, y'all remember when Barack Obama was president and Trump used to talk all kind, not just Trump a whole lot of white people and some blacks. I ain't gonna leave us out. Used to talk all kinds of shit about Barack. He ain't, he ain't from the United States. He from Hawaii. He born in Hawaii. Work is Elon Musk born. I like hitting people with they own motherfucking   Where is Elon Musk born? Ain't Africa is Africa? The United States. Y'all. So you gotta be careful what you say about people.


That shit will come back on you every time. Y'all remember some of YI got some old heads on here. Y'all know I ain't lying. They used to talk shit about Barack saying he ain't from the us That's what they say. Well Elon ain't eat. I'm gonna put something on y'all motherfuck mind every time y'all want. I'm gonna bring it up every motherfuck time. Now what? Make it good for y'all and it wasn't good for us. Answer that for me. But people who working nine to five now be curf at them jobs. Oh, a motherfucker got their chest out. I I thought I was lying now I told you that they were buying people lunches.


I wasn't lying. I know how it go but they got their chest out now and they ain't gonna be tolerating that shit that they been tolerating with y'all either. I'm just being 100. So all that shit talking that you normally do, you might want to keep this shit down unless you got you something else lined up because they'll give rid of your ass in that House And god dammit, they'll let you know too. They don't give a damn. They will let you go. So before you get mad and won't go in there and talk your shit, you better have your shit together because we got it bad saying I don't give a fuck about this job. I find me another job. Ain't no more good jobs out here.


Ain't no good job. Yeah, if you wanna be honest, somebody say ain't no better from you. You, you probably right. Somebody say yeah, help I bring my ass to Kansas, Kansas with that bills shit on. If I go to that game, bro, I'm gonna be all bills down. I'm not gonna lie to you. I I'm I'm just keeping you booked. If I go to that game, I'm gonna be all bills down. Go support my people too. Same Antonio yo go support me man. It's what we doing. But if I go to get that Philly, I'll let y'all know. I said I'm gonna be going live again this week. I'll let y'all know what game I'm gonna potentially go to. I'm just not trying to be in no snow. To be honest with y'all though.


I ain't, I ain't, I did that shit in Buffalo. I ain't trying to do that shit this time. But if I do go to the games, I'll let y'all know. I know some of y'all probably gonna end up as one of them games if, if y'all do and you know, I'll let y'all know what game I'm gonna be at and y'all pull up on me and I'm gonna have my camera crew with me and you know you and I'm gonna come back. We gonna play on this show So you can be a part of this show as well. So I'll let y'all know what game I'm gonna go to. Shit might holler fanatics too and see what game I'm at and see if they got a store there 'cause they got a a team store there. Then I might be able to get y'all some, some free gear. See that's my mind I be thinking about. I might be able to get y'all some free gear too.


So thank y'all for tuning in tonight. I know it wasn't your normal bubba do show or me, me going off and all this and that. I just wanted to sit there on the day and talk like normal people. Chop it over with y'all. Thank y'all for listening to me. It feels good though man. Like 1400 people on y'all stay gone with me today. And that means a lot. That mean we growing that mean y'all starting to understand who I am as a man and you know I'm a man first. I'm a comedian entertainer first. So let's not forget that when y'all see certain things that I'm doing, I'm wearing these jerseys. Don't forget that I'm a comedian, I'm an entertainer first. Be honest. I don't like I know and I'm, I, and maybe I haven't really disrespected like some of y'all do.


Like real diehard fans. I that's cool. I I rock with that that some of y'all are diehard. Y'all never rock any other jersey. That's cool, but not me. I'm, I'm gonna do what I do to have fun and and that's the beauty of me wearing all these jerseys to it is for y'all to say that you bandwagon you going that's fun for me. Like y'all don't understand. I that's fun for me. That's why I'm doing it. I'm a character. That's what I'm doing. So I going to get Coggle beed and take a nigga all the heart and all this almost got following you up. And this is what I do man. I'm here to have fun man. You only get one life. People enjoy life before it's too late.


And I told you I got a lot of old heads too. Watching 55 and 60, you about to retire. You gonna retire. You ain't never went nowhere. Go on a trip somewhere, man. You, you working your whole life. You probably got 150, $250,000, $300,000 retirement coming to you, but you ain't never went nowhere. Got all that money saved. It might not never get to spend it. You will see you better enjoy yourself or somebody else will. Remember that you can't take it with you. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show. God bless. I'll see y'all again out The Volume.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.