
Yo, what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.


The Volume Well do everybody welcome to the bumper. Do show you already know I'm in a great mood tonight. We we, I watched it. You watched it. We all just watched the Lakers defeat the Indiana Pacers. But before I even give 'em break, breakdown the game. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Keep your notifications turned on baby. Yeah, Tuesday night. Y'all know what, it's never, y'all know what we doing man. Hump day baby.


It's hump day baby. Yeah, I'm, we gonna talk about it. I'm just waiting for everybody to check in right now. But you already know how I'm feeling right now. Y'all The Los Angeles Lakers almost lost tonight to the Indiana play. They almost gave a game away. But Lebron James at the at at the, at the, at the Basel with the tip in. Tip in Come, come. Now LeBron didn't do nothing the whole game. I ain't gonna lie, he ain't have a 13 points. But in the fourth quarter that monster came a alive, broke him down, lay up, come on, came back with the jumper. I came back with a layup, came back with a jumper. Goddamnit poke then hip in Ron you been showing your ass all week.


You went over there pack back fish show and showed your ass When you gonna pull up on the brother's fam. Just asking. Some of y'all might get you feeling. I knew y'all were gonna break a race court, you motherfuck. Right. Same way you could pull up the pat same way you could pull up on all the smoke pivot or anyone. Them got ain't gotta be me but pull up on the Niles. I took a sw. It was us holding you down when you had that meltdown in god damn Dallas. Them gold teeth South Dallas Sag wearing as niggles when dirt damn beat y'all was on your ass up there in Dallas and it was us.


Who held you down? Why you gotta keep going Them first Nick, you billion now, Now you can stop all that bullshit. Oh I'm talking too much. No y'all motherfucker don't want to hear the truth. I'm just calling it like I see it Steve And I get to your ass in a minute. But we talking about LBJ right here First you went and dig a podcast with JJ Red it, then you ran your ass down there. Big long nose ass Steve. And Now you done went the P you still aint can't the nickles mama Ali ain't right Now you y'all think Muhammad Ali please.


Huh? You do y'all. Y'all think na, y'all better stop playing with me on this bubble dub. Y'all better stop playing with me on this bubble dub show when we gonna get some love. I know black folk show tough love but when we gonna get some love, when we gonna get all the media media coverage to pull up to everybody else, show and put them and put and build up they platform. Pat mc don't need no motherfucking help. That's all I'm saying. I love Pat McFee but he don't need no motherfucking help.


I know y'all playing Indiana, you was in town. You wanted to go on them because what Stephen? They I get it. I know you like to be strategic but damn all that treat them like the king treat us like a goddamn king. Don't get me Roman noodles when you feeding them white boy wa goose steaks nigga. I want wa goose steaks too. Salt and pepper. Yeah I want it but back to the game though. Lemme tell y'all something man. That extra pickles on the sandwich Mayo eating now. Luca Dungeon is a motherfucking beast. He don't play No defense though. He don't. I watched him tonight, I wanted jump through the tv, You know come that's what I wanted to do with Lu tonight.


But I can't jump through no TVs and shit but just my observation of the game right now with the Lakers. Too much ISO ball. Luca get the ball hold it for 39 goddamn seconds. Wanna make a move and And we ain't doing move. Fucking move. Cut cut nigga just standing around watching this shit like they looking for the cops nigga move ball ar did. What AR do AR had tonight? 24 points a I got 16, four rebound fight. I love what I seen from ar who's aggressive tonight even though LeBron wasn't shooting the ball. Well I love the fact that AR was aggressive even when LeBron was on the floor. Rui hit two big threes for us.


We needed it. We gotta get something from my bench. Gabrielle played what? 2020? What? Hold on Gabriel played 22 minutes, six points. That ain't gonna get it nigga. You shamma Moore looking motherfucker that ain't gonna get it. You getting if you watching the game And I ain't just saying it 'cause I'm a Lake fan. I'm being honest. If you watch the game Gabriel Shamma Moore get more open looks than anybody Ru would get open looks at the end and what he made them cash in Austin. Reed missed some open looks too. Even though he shot 50%, he still missed some open looks. You gotta knock them down. The game wasn't even been that close. Ar knocked down them shots.


That's all I'm saying. Wouldn't even be that close. But we nigga fucking big man LeBron is is spending so much energy trying to get rebounds local spending so much energy crying to the referee. Man get your potbelly ass back on down the damn court set up. Place your defense. You letting them boys go around. Y'all like you ain't shit I watched you tonight Luca. I watched you. I wash your milk up or you drinking ass smoke hooker without the tip smoking ass. You didn't play no damn defense And I don't like it. Lakers need the Lakers in organization. Y'all need y'all help me. I need y'all to help me get my shit and into the right people hand Lakers organization. Y'all need me like to hire me right now.


Put me on the bench. I guarantee you a goddamn championship. Why? Because I'm gonna hold them motherfuckers accountable. Put the chips down bro. Put them cookies down nigga bro it bring the weed Nick. That's how we gonna do it over here at the Laker. Before every practice Brody gonna roll nothing but goddamn blunts And we gonna soak, soak and soak and then we gonna get out there and goddamn we gonna scrimmage. Ain't no more goddamn potato chips eating on my clock no more Luca. That shit dead because I know what y'all can do.


But do You know what you can do? I know bro know it. Goddammit. Some of them players need to hear it. Some of them players need to hear it from me. Hey we ain't gonna win shit without you Gabriel. We ain't gonna win shit without you don't connect. Huh? We ain't gonna win shit without you Christian Wood godda, you got let the motherfuckers on the bottom. No they're just as important than the wounds that's on the floor. This is our lives. Even though I ain't touching the court even though I ain't playing ball but God dammit this is my life. Damn it. Go and get it. That's what you need to be saying to some of your girls right Now.


You got a little money now. Now this motherfucker thinks she ain't got to work. Shit it your ass out there and more Mariel ain't no time for that gag. It ain't no time for being complacent. Ain't no time to put all your eggs in one basket either. We not doing all that And I you gonna work if I go low, you go lower couple of weeks coming up now. It's a big stretch fucking Lakers. I don't know if you want the four Seaga fse. I don't know. You know this shit tricky but at the end of the day Lakers going be all right man.


Just, just gotta tighten up on the defenses end. Y'all too many turnovers man. 15 turnovers against the team like Indiana. We we barely got outta there. We shoulda lost. Let's be real. We shoulda lost but we didn't. So I'm thankful and happy with that. But JJ gotta get them boys better on, on the defensive end. Luca just letting people go by bro on you too. I wash your, I wash your ass too. About four or five plays them boy get blew by you. We ain't doing all that. If you want six, if you want number six, God damnit, you got to go and get it. You gotta to go and get it.


Still chasing Kobe will. LeBron got four rings. LeBron got four. One more make five. Yeah bro. Gotta go catch Kobe. But at the end of the day you gotta go catch Kobe now. It's a lot been going on. Been talking speculation going on on LeBron. We gonna Pat McAfee show said that Stephen A. Smith is on a Taylor Swift tour. You ain't fucking lie. God damn. I saw Stephen A. Smith on Steve Harvey, Oprah Uhuh, Dr. Phil and all. See Young fix my lie. God you don't ever were talking Stephen a sit your ass down nigga. Now you talking My youa swung. You did what?


IA sworn no nigga if you were gonna swing Youa swung, then you was stink And you knew it. I love you Steve. Now you stink. That's 6 8 6 9 275 pound. Motherfucker walked up to you and look you dead in your eye And you cow down damn cowy dog. If you illegal then why you ain't stand up then Cow went down. Shit ain't no way. Y'all know I ain't lying to y'all. My brother went on a whole campaign about LeBron chicken but Now you bad now.


Now you, you remind me of myself because that's the shit I do. I ain't gonna lie. I mean I said that some cops sound like me. Why you hurt? I'm quiet but when you leave I'm talking again. But but you just make yourself look, you just could make yourself look stupid. Steven And I just by saying you woulda swung on him And you did say you would've got your ass whooped. You already know that. But You know But but but saying you woulda swung. Nah you wouldn't. You wasn't you, you did what you did. You've been just like Chris Rock just being 100. Like that ain't in you. Ain't no sense. The fronting faking F dog. You 50 something years old, you ain't got no trying to fight it.


It yesterday even came out your mind you woulda swung 50. Come on dog. We we we swinging in 55 hours. What we doing? Shit Nigga, you better take your motherfucker vitamins and drink your water and take your daily walks and thank God that you still living. Walk around with them little weights in your hands around the neighborhood. You little rich ass shit like that. But all that other shit I woulda swung shit. You been around UNC too long. You ain't, you ain't y ain't swung ain't even your damn vocabulary. You been around UNC too long. Unc them rubbed off on you. Shit look, shit your old ass down somewhere and collect that a hundred million dollars and thank God for it. All this big, all this going back and forth amongst the brothers.


I don't like it. I really don't. One bit Joe. We need to cut that shit out. But the thing is, my thing is y'all bro, when you going pull up on the, when you gonna pull up on the bros? Y'all We waiting? Yeah we I know I'm waiting. Y'all waiting like I, we just want to see it. We gonna give a damn what show you could pull up on DJ Academic. I don't give a damn. Yeah you can sit down with W one. Oh I don't give a damn. I all the smoke. You can sit down with kalo. You can sit down with all the you, you sit down with Cam And I God damnit just come sit down with us. We you really real, You know what I'm I up that really what kind of diet using on your shit nigga.


That's my observation. That's all I'm saying. We just want you to come on back. I ain't, I ain't no different than me from being skinny black on hustling the floor And we miss you baby. We miss you baby. All you gotta do is come on back bro. We know it's in you. I back sit on down and talk to us man. Tell us the dudes tell us the don'ts. Got a lot of motherfucker believe in you dog. I don't. I believe in God but You know my point, a lot of kids growing up, they wouldn't mind being like you and You know they idolize. I don't idolize God but You know what I'm saying bro, come back dog. We always seeing you do for them. I ain't saying you owe us shit. You don't owe us no money owe nothing.


You don't. God damnit. Come on back baby. You last hope we got it. Big ball playing motherfucker. All the money, all the power we want to see you make a stand. Stand up you big And I Now you can talk that talk hell. I'm gonna go down here and and and and and kick it with the bras for a little while. Y'all Now you Now you setting an example Now you showing the mother niggas when they come up what to do. You can bring Luca witch. There's always room for a white boy. Well come. That's how we get them grants and loans come here until my niggas back down in east Texas and got them. God. PPP loan your ass outta there.


Yeah, going to jail. No. Yeah you got that 50, 60,000 and didn't even have no goddamn business. Now you mad because they done put you on front streets. Nigga, stop it now Willie. You know God we gonna get you 75,000 Now you better have a business. Oh I got a business 75. You didn't do a motherfucking thing. Went down there about camp. Buy horses bought saddles, didn't buy no feed. You niggas down there ain't said don't feed. No you bought horses, you bought saddles, boots, trucks didn't buy no motherfucking feed though. You're going to jail. You watch yourself. God watch yo get these goddamn animals and and then mist.


You ain't treat your kid good. How the hell you gonna treat this goddamn horse with any kind of dignity and respect? I'm so disappointed. I'm so disappointed in y'all.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No seriously the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you to start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org brought to you by the American Lung Association and the ad council


For people who did get the PPP long and do right. You ain't got a motherfucking thing in the world niggas. That's prime war deal. Yeah you run around here with 50, 60, 80 in your pocket. Y'all run around that motherfucker life like y'all were rich for hell them goddamn sacks. Louis Gucci goddamn outfit them ran through that. I told you when you get that money you gotta stack it. I know 'cause I done ran through a motherfucking bag myself but I learned, You know what I'm saying? I learned the to hold on to it longer than I ever had it. Oh. I don't need to go out there and buy all that name brand shit no motherfucking more.


This shirt I got on purple. I been had it three years. Just put it in the cl that's it. I'm gonna a pain off this motherfucker. You see it? I'm wearing a pain off of it. I be smart. Gotta be smart. I'm gonna tell y'all some other shit that's going on man. My side chick boyfriend, that motherfucker can barbecue like a motherfucker. Do you hear me? Shit boy. Brisket shit that motherfucker to fall open like a fish come. I told her go back and there and get that nigga hug for me. Boy that nigga been keeping me fed all motherfucking week.


She fish me too to go play. I got brisket, I got lys, I got chicken, shit I got everything. Potato baked beans come nigga even made a goddamn banana. Pud my hero. Me for the whole week. I'm not spending no motherfucking money. Only thing I wanna buy was some light bread. That's it. It's Lynx brisket. Chicken street. I'm getting off, I'm getting off.


That little bitch came both for you boy. All she wanted was a 3.5 too. Come I you, I sprinkled it towards you. Nothing but this ain't trash in that. Go. Come here baby. Oh I love it though. Oh this shit so good. Come here. Come here mama. Call it. I'm busy. Come junior you busy mama. Come here. Come here. I call you back legal. I'm getting hit on. Oh yeah boy. Lemme tell y'all something and these side chicks will give you life. I'm telling you they gotta be good more other than just head and sex. When she came through with that motherfucking plate I be into God damn that shit better than my mamas.


My, I thought it was barbecue to wake a nigga fool. Tell you what the mo tell y'all know legs up there in Utah. Shit I might mess around open up this nigga shot for my damn self. They don't come here and lemme invest in you. For real. Hell yeah nigga I believe in you and tell her don't you never leave this nigga you believe him. Me And you too. Why? What? I said you leave your nigga me And you don't because it's never gonna be a us never, never got enjoy this shit man got what the hell they got over here.


Oh hell. How y'all feeling tonight man, I'm feeling so good man. I Lakers, I'm finally got back in the wind column man. There's just so much shit going out in the world too. I don't know if y'all know what's going on but man we, we at war, we and when when I say we at war, we at war amongst each other. Do you hear me? Something of y'all gonna went out there and bought a new car And you can pull up on your people and they out. Man that's one I'm talking my dog. Soon as you leave man that nigga ain't gonna be able to pay for that motherfucking car. Y'all know ain't lying. That's what niggas do. Nigga Don went out here and got a brand new motherfucking car last week. He was borrow money man, come on. How that nigga get that car nigga being happy nigga got a car.


That's what's up man You know I ain't a nigga. I ain't gotta take my nigga to work no more. I remember when my nigga was bomb and ride, now my nigga got his own car, got his own apartment having a little female or two. God damnit doing good and y'all wanna sit back and hate and talk down. I can't stand you   he never got saved. Nigga could be out here but he not, he ain't doing that no more. He used to but he ain't doing it no more. Nigga done change his life nigga in his kid life nigga brushing his teeth, You know what I'm saying? Then the nigga has changed and y'all don't wanna accept people when they change. You want them to be exactly how you picture them to be or I always want 'em to be that.


No it's all about change in life man. I wanna go up. Sometimes you go up, sometimes you come down down but it's a journey. So while I'm here I'm gonna treat people with love and respect. When I'm right here I'm gonna treat people with love and respect and when I'm right here I'm gonna treat people with love and respect. So if I ever come down, I got the love And I got respect because I remain true and who I was the whole entire time. That's what you call living when you can sleep good at night. You know what I'm saying? That's living elevation. People don't like it.


Yeah, but who gives a damn about that? They didn't like Jesus. They talked about Jesus cry. What makes you think they won't talk about you once again? Stop going to your jobs because You know I ain't lying. Stop going to your jobs telling them white folks all your motherfucking business you get down none the motherfucking white people, they so nice and they they they they like, they so concerned they what white people good at. I gotta get them motherfucker guys attributes out this world. They'll make you feel like they so concerned. You can talk to me Barbara, talk to me now. I know I'm gonna talk to you white motherfucker but oh girl let me, let me just tell you blah Barbara, I'm going through so much shit I can, I can call my husband sleeping with, with my best friend and, and and my husband.


I really on papers. I mean probation for Yeah he got caught selling dope selling. Oh my god. What kind of drugs was it? Oh, just cracking, just selling crack and all that and You know, and that made that white woman think, You know shit been coming up missing around this motherfucker. And we know we didn't wanna blame the only black woman that live in here but I mean only black person that working here but You know. Nah, now they doing an investigation on you. You steady talking though. They listening like a motherfucker. White people, they listen everything good we go by. You think everything good. You had a nice little talk man. She was all right. I talked to her. We good after that.


I need you in my motherfucking office going on David. We gotta let you go. Look at you. Stealing, stealing. So quit going to your jobs, running your mouth and telling them people all your motherfucking business. Please stop. Some of you so-called in the street. Niggas get on podcasts and stop running your mother mouth. You don't need to be seen And you don't need to be heard. You just need to be felt. That's all. That's all. We our own worst enemy. We our own worst downfall man.


We don't wanna see people do better than us. We want 'em see do good but not never better than what we are doing. Man. I don't understand that. I never understood when I seen other people shining, I understood why I couldn't. I guess we taught the hate. I know, I know we was already born to lose but we was raised to win. You know what I'm saying? We were born to lose but we was raised to win. Never forget that baby life ain't, life ain't firm. It ain't perfect If you black then You know it's a little different. But we ain't gonna make no excuses because, because we black.


Because I'm black don't mean I can't go and get it. Yeah, because I'm black, I can't prosper. Yeah because I'm black. That mean I can't be a great black actor or a black comedian or a black basketball player or a a a judge. We gotta start pouring that finger man. And I know it's hard the way we was raised up and, and what we go by, what we see in our conditions we was in and and this and that. But man we can't be pointing the finger no more man. We can't be pointing the finger no more man. It's up to us to go and do this shit. You see somebody in your community doing good and, and You know what I'm saying? Congratulate. Yeah. Give them pet they keep, hey you might not know but we pride of you man. Keep that shit going. You know, because sometimes people be on the edge.


Y'all don't even know it bro. People be on the edge and just small little encouraging words to help a motherfucker get over the top nigga might be wanting to blow his brains out. Blow somebody's brains out And you come through. Hey man, smile bro. God got you. And that might just trigger something in might save a life that day bro. Like I was in Walmart early, man IIII seen a couple stealing, You know what I'm saying? And I'm like man y'all ain't, y'all ain't, y'all can steal what y'all got. It was like that shit wasn't no more than $30 they had. I'm like in my mind I'm like y'all ain't gotta steal that shit. But then again I'm like I'm gonna mind my motherfucking business.


You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna mind my motherfucking business. Do what you do, You know what I'm saying because it ain't my motherfucking store. Fuck 'em nigga do your thing Now. You ain't doing me. I don't give a damn and I'm learning. I'm learning to not see certain shit. I told y'all man. I see bug a thing out here. People come up to you and tell you anything about somebody else. Man. I see bug aing out here. How y'all feeling though? Y'all talk to to me man. What else going on tonight man? Let's talk about it. I got time tonight and fact.


Yeah we got black. Yeah we got black and s and all that man we got a whole lot of people, black people that started stuff man. We just lost the patent of certain things man. Or we get bought out, we'll start a business and sell it and it and just, there's nothing wrong with that but we gotta stop pointing that finger through white folks. I know that like yeah. Yeah the past. Yeah we know. We know what we're on. We ain't gotta keep talking about Harper. We know we know but not damn what they got to do with me And you. We ain't went through no motherfucking slavery. We ain't went through none of that shit. We can live with these motherfucking white girls all night it time. I got me and white girl but I'm, I'm telling y'all we got a good look this time we got something special this time we going to do it, do it.


Put our minds to it until we gig it. Right. Oh we got a good look. That's where I be banging with my wife. Be real tall. Yeah, ride through the countryside. Smoking big. Got my hand on my right hand on her thigh. Yeah. Where Jerry Just baby, I got you. I'm different with my white girl. I got my dog riding with me now. He hanging got his head out the window. Come here big. Can Corso Nle come here? Yeah. Yeah I'm riding the dog with the white girl. She's sitting right up under me too. You know how them white boy ride with the white girl? Be right up under the shotgun on the back of the truck and the dog on the other side.


That means oh big, big motherfuck country. Five whites girl two her Dagg got they I'm feeding a two inch ger. I'm feeding against two inch ger. She ain't been with black man. You have now sugar. Ha you made me laugh and come two. Yeah two for one special come. I'm doubling up. I didn't double up And I pulled up, I pulled up to my mama house today with that motherfucking white girl. My mama didn't sell a motherfucking word.


Why could junior got it going on? Yeah, that's the word in the street. Got it going on. Yeah LA and young LA boy. Yeah Mac man what it do man? The round the what it do man. Shout out to everybody in my chat. Shout out to everybody that's rocking with me. Shout out to everybody be pulling up to the comedy show man.


Shout out to everybody that's went downloaded prize piece man. And and use my promo code trash. Yes. Appreciate everybody that's done that for me personally. From the bottom of my heart man. Put your pixie in over there man. Yeah. It's more or less on your favorite players man.


Yeah, if you can't watch the show And you can only listen, go to Apple Podcasts, go to Spotify, type in the bubble do show, boom, there I am man let me tell You'all some real shit. They, man, my homeboy got into a fight at the park, You know we still be bawling and shit, You know my knees messed up otherwise I'd have went pro but my knees messed up. So we at the park, You know we bawling. My partners got into it with some dude man it was like two I think it was brothers boy they start start putting up mother fucking hands up. My partner, I rung over girl, You know what I'm saying? When I'm running over, I'm seeing my partner face swell up and them niggas turned around like tre songs and stood squi up on me. Shit boy I start putting hands on my homeboy my damn self.


It was nigga talking about what I'm doing. Nigga lay ain't no sense to both of us taking his ass. Whooping. You take this as you take this motherfucker team nigga I'm gonna kick outta you. I'm ha I'm on top of I'm hitting him too. God damn right. I'm getting my leaks in because the nigga, he nigga don't know. I know my baby mama gave him head but he don't know. I know, but I know God damnit nigga as nigga I ain't, You know what I'm saying Then you like got, I got us out that situation not in the car bro. You just don't know what I wanted to do. Them niggas thought you, I'm acting bad like I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm acting outta my motherfucking mind.


So I realized this nigga get on the phone calling his brother, they talking my coming back. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Johnny boy I gotta be at work. I would love to go back there and get them but they say I can't be late no more dog I got, that's what they, you can't call it bro. I ain't got no more pizza. No bro. I ain't no if I knocked up, ain't no telling what's gonna happen to y'all. Do do we bro, let's let's be rational, let's, let's think this shit through Big Dog like I'm really trying to get out this shit. So I'm start calling the big dog. I start calling the big homie bro. Your kids need you. I need you.


You know what I'm saying? I need you, you a crash dummy. I need you, I need you to do that. So I talked him out of it but them boy beat shit out. That what we did, like, I ain't gonna lie, we got down on him. I, but I saved him Now y'all could say I'm a whole ass nigga all that. I Mike b but I saved him real talk. Yeah, I saved that boy. Shit you were down. Y'all can say well man you should have just fought like a man. Well that, that's easy to say but when but when the he is on you, you, you, you, you, you I wasn't thinking fast enough. Y'all my heart was beating like a motherfucker and just, just that quick. Second he had knots and shit on his face. And I'm thinking about Martin, when he got into a fight with Tommy hit me and Hern, that's how he was looking to me.


So I would rather like, do I wanna look like that with him or I can just continue to aid what's already going on And I wanted to continue to aid what was already going on. So that's what it is. My pot ain't tripping so by me telling this story, y'all shouldn't be tripping neither. Y'all should be like, man dub all right dog. I believe but that ride home, I'm telling you bro, I'm I'm, I'm the most cockiest nigga ever. You know what I'm talking about. But I if, if if it would get you dog, You know me you remember in third grade how, how they hands or dog You know I'm built like that. I'm Ford tough dog. F-150 Yeah S level. No you shit ain't ran up on me.


You shit ain't up on you. You see aint And you right dog them nigga, nigga didn't even do nothing because they know, they know I'm a big nine one damn 9 1 1, I'm the biggest 9 1 1. I perfected that shit and they know it fucking with me. Shit. I keep telling y'all they rather go out there and fight that goddamn kine unit dog than the giga puck and touch me fucking with me you gonna get sentenced. Alright Rise. Damn right let's go.


Golden Celebrate right fish jail Spaghettis jail come macaroni cheese green come here. No the sweet roll come water, tea, Sprite, all the dessert. Me. No God you can't miss me and go to Corral when I go down there to the courthouse and tell them goddamn doy breath and white people what they want know that's where they take me afterwards living life. That's what we going do. We going to celebrate while we alive. We going to act like Africans over there.


No Africans running around right now. Bucket naked playing, hitting no pots and pan. They ain't got no clothes on that mean road smell like I ain a boogie over there but I don't give a damn down through there. So I'm bringing Africa to the USA, I'm running around it back to our ancestor days. We ain't from her this foreign to us. We got all the gold over there motherfucker.


We are lines do you hear me? We are lines. Some of us done forgot our way. We are lines And you niggas acting like y'all motherfucking goats us don to a lion. Nothing. Y'all ain't hearing me tonight man. Y'all ain't hearing me tonight but I don't think y'all hearing, I don't think you applying yourself smokey. All you gotta do is apply yourself. There's some niggas on there watching this show right now. I can wrap they ass off but you won't get in the booth.


And I go wow.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage series One in 10 kids vape serious which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No seriously the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you to start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org brought to you by the American Lung Association and the ad council.


Man Luca need to sit more in the motherfucker Luca nigga sitting some ep, some salt still moving around little gingerly he don't like to fully break down in the defense stand to try to stop nobody. It's all you gotta do is move your motherfucking feet. But that's okay because he got one more gang to do that. And I'm removing hook all hookers from Los Angeles. I'm removing all hookers and potato chips from Los Angeles and Luka. Don don't start moving his mother feet. I heard Cam Ward probably going to the Giants. I heard that's what I'm hearing. I'm hearing Cam Ward might be going to the Giants then I'm hearing Cam Ward might be going to the Tennessee Titans.


Now that scene a little bit more better because Tennessee known for its hot chicken Tennessee known for barbecue and that's what brothers love chicken and barbecue. So getting Cam Ward will be great for Tennessee Titans, you asked me, y'all can build around this young man. What y'all think? Who y'all what? What quarterback do y'all think going first in the, in this year's draft? That ain't something I ain't never talked about with y'all. Let's talk tonight. I ain't, I got nothing motherfucking time. I got nothing but love for you baby. What y'all think gonna be the first quarterback taking in this year's draft? Let's talk about it and while y'all getting ready to talk about it, shout out to Asante Samuels.


I feel you my guy. You have a hell of a NFL career. You are a hall of famer. But as you saying you in the same atmosphere as as prime time. And we gonna had some great woods os William the s We done had some good corn back but ain't none of them been fine. That's all I'm saying. You asante you him, you might be top five nigga. I ain't gonna argue with you. You, you went to the NF nfl man you, you, you got two ring you and done took a high bitch.


You supposed to believe in that but nigga you on pogo, you on Pogo. So I like that shit Nory. You gonna over him better than coach shit. But it's still two brothers at the end of the day And I love them both but we gonna need that back and forth like that. They don't look too good. Y'all making it more outta it more than what it supposed to be. I understand what Ante was saying. Talking about his technique work for him and Prime talking about his technique. I get it but we ain't got it down nobody to build him up.


Both brothers Prime regular in the Hall of Fame or Sonta. You'll be there as well but you got to put the pocket down my nigga love you. You gotta put the motherfucking pocket down. I ain't gotta thank your son in the league too so I got to that. Too much respect of the father. What you doing? I appreciate it but some shit just be, You know, outrageous to me how I feel about that as well. You know what I'm saying? Like that shit crazy motherfucker talking about Trav Day Travis going top two. I'm talking about quarterback. So I'm just talking about quarterback. I know Travis, Travis should go number one but it just depends on you. We all know it depends on what their team need the most. But I'm saying what quarterback mean to me. You can't go wrong with either Shado or Cam.


To be honest bro. Like I think both of 'em, You know with, I think they come in and they sit, learn, watch, get a feel for it then get in there, they gonna be great. I don't think no team should throw 'em to the wolves. Like I I believe in player development and that's something that the the, the NFL hasn't been able to do the last couple of years. You remember how I used to let Aren Rogers sit behind Brett for all these years and years and same way with the quarterback not for Green Bay. I can't think his name but y'all know who I'm talking about. He sat behind a rod for a minute and, and and and was able to learn. I think now we live in the league now where You know the fans, we get the holler and screaming putting players in the game, put 'em in, put 'em in, we pull him in and they ain't quite ready yet.


So I just think, but I think Shado he'll be fine man. He been doing this from an early age man. But I think Cam would be fine too but I don't think they should just be throwing to the fire yet either. I think they should be developed, learn the game, get a feel for this shit and, and and You know, and and and go about it that way just like the other players was able to do, they should be able to get the same opportunity and change the same Uck way. Sit, watch and then get out there and, and and and make shit happen. But what y'all think Shout got the champ. Floyd showed Terrance Crawford love so told him, said that he was a, You know, pound for pound best fighter in the world. And I agree bug bad motherfucker man You know I'm ready to see him get back in the ring again too and, and fight whether it's with Canelo or whether whoever gets with, I just love to watch the brother fight.


Brother Grow sharp got what he got going. Man I don't understand Boxing the hard sport man. Them bro, them boy get hit in the head, You know what I'm saying? Get constantly hitting your head, you lose shit. You can't really talk. Right. You see Holyfield? I don't know the fuck Holyfield be saying no more. I don't know. I don't, I don't it it sound like he on pocket but I know he ain't but I'm just saying like Boxing is a different sport And I know sometimes we is people man I can whoop one them box of shit some bitch shit. You 17 times before You know it's shit. Nigga I good training motherfucker where they at?


Shit. Oh almighty tone father shit ain't no goddamn way. Crawford versus Charlo at 1 54. Shit. I watch that too. Speaking of ju Juju, Watson's man baby you to your ACL? Yeah man that girl tore ACL she'll bound back next year. But if I was Jayden Daniels she would've tow the a CLA night earlier. Shit I have been done told, told Juju watch that ACL come here, bend them like a pro. I'm going down through usc. Come come here. I told my mama I love you but move out the God I gotta find my eyes.


Nigga been Juju mama been over here. Bye mama. Juju come kiss you in your hot mouth or a pig bird Mac baby. Love my mama de give you all the money, whatever you want. Love I give you all that. But when they come to this right here, these female I your motherfucking business, we good. Okay. I love I my business when they come, you get my business, I'm getting your and I'm sick of you women and I'm sick of you women. I gotta say this, I wanna look right in the camera and say this. I'm sick of you women out here in the world.


All You know is let me add my pastor mama. You wanna go outta town with me? Let me add my pastor mama. You won't babysit the kid. Let me add my pastor the next time you want some motherfucker money. Ask your pastor so sick of y'all want ask y'all pastor every mother And I ain't. Okay keep put your faith in, let you die. Go. Some of y'all going to church ain't learning shit. These are facts. Some of you're going to church for the wrong reason. Some of you're going to church just to be seen.


You want somebody to see your ass. You want somebody to see you in that dress. You want somebody to see you ain't got no pans on under that dress. Some of you niggas want go to church. Wear your nine fancy suit diamonds all on your rings and shit. Nice car. But you out here burning holes nigga trash. Oh the won't keep it. 100 told you. If you ever get my foot in the motherfucking door, I'm gonna put my foot on your neck. We gonna talk about it. God ain't please in the, in the showing house, you supposed to show off for God.


Nigga, how many people can I help? Heaven and the father, how much money can I put in here? Heaven and the Father. That's what we supposed to be doing. But you helping your Johnson you helping your bank accounts. That's what we doing. Stop playing with him nigga. Bless you. We take it from your ass too. Stop playing with him. Don't play with your food boy. So when that young ho came over here, I he go, I ain't playing with my food. She in there right now asleep. Come on. Pull her ass out. Rigor sung a bedtime story. He got downstairs in the bed right now. Yeah, ac blowing cold. They ain't got AC at her house. They got it over him. He can wake up in the morning, picks him a bowl of cereal.


They ain't got cereal at the house. They got him if he don't want cereal. I wake up, I take my ass to Whataburger and get his ass some pancake sauce, bacon, egg, goddamn, whatever you want, junior. I put you goddamn mama put me. Now you going mind. I don't mind your daddy come over here and pick you up. I don't mind. But God, he ain't gonna step foot in my goddamn house. He won't step foot in my goddamn house. He can come over And you, I never keep nobody from seeing that child when he won't step foot in this big pretty motherfucker never. And when he come over and walking out with my shirt out too. You got damn right with that 45. Damn. Say something to me.


I'm just bluffing. I ain't gonna shoot you And I ain't gonna fight you. So before you draw your hand back to hit me, nigga, that's my time man. I love y'all. Peace and blessing them out The Volume. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glazer podcast. Have you guys seen this new commercial from standup to All Hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other. But then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this, this commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control.


So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. You can learn more by following at What's Up with Hate.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading Blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning. You write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.