
Hello. It is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live The Cmba Lights sponsored by cba.


What it do everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Just got through watching the Lakers. Get beat by the thunder and God dammit. I'm pissed off. Ain't no sense me hiding how I'm feeling? I'm pissed off right now. But hit the like button, Hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep it. Your notifications turned on because we be going live over here tonight. I'm gonna do something a little different on the show.


This show has been presented by prize picks show being presented by prize picks. Use my promo code trash with two h's. Check this out though. From now on out anybody that use my promo code trash, I will give you $50 personally. Hit the number. It's 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51. We'll confirm that you use my promo code. I'm gonna give you $50. Yeah, more or less on your favorite player over y'all And I been running it up.


Now let's get down the business. I want them damn referees tonight investigated. Y'all invest y'all. You feds investigating everything else. God damnit. Come invest this right here Adam Silk. I want your ass out the league. The Vegas bought this game tonight. I don't give a damn what y'all say. Don't boom. My Lakers like that. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of the crying Luca doing. I'm sick of the wine And you doing. Every time I look around he this shut up and get to work. Put the fort down nigga. Pick the bottle up and get to it.


That's what we need from you. Local full sick and calls. They were call in tonight. Sick of it. If you gonna fix the game, at least make make it where we don't know it tonight. This game look very, very much RIGGED And I don't wanna take nothing away from OKC because they a good team. But you telling me come play our team, play our time. That team right there gonna touch my Lakers. No And I put that on Bad Blood Magic Jones. I let ej, I let EJ Johnson serve me some sweet tea.


God, if you think I'm gonna let OKC beat us in in Selma Nip and y'all know it don't, don't, don't cheat us man. That's one thing I don't like man. You know just let us play it out man. Luca leaving the game with seven minutes left. They hurt bro. God damn. Moga blew up tonight. He had 28 but God he had to work for all of them. That big white boy down there KC threw LeBron shit all the way to the Green Canyon tonight AR 15 get into the free throw line. He can't make them. What the fuck going on you boy, you back eating bacon.


Get your ass off that pork. Boy. You can't be eating pork living in and living in there lady and lady. You got to be eating business. I don't understand the man. I don't understand the night game just just the game at the end of the day. But You know you can tell I'm hot, I'm pissed off. I'm angry but just let's be real for a minute. All jokes aside, cream of wheated eating that. Luca gotta stop all that damn crying though. That just, that's number one. Shut your mother fucking mouth if you cry. What the baby gonna do?


We got cry babies now because the damn parents cry Babies my son. Shit, I'm kidding. I ain't gonna hit this mother. I'm getting going through some shit here today man. Police all that been at my house today. Let my nephew You know love him to death. I'm on, You know real talk. I'm on my nephew come down visit. I'm trying to help you. You know what I'm saying? Letting him use my cars and shit. This motherfucker go out and commit a crime and my god car police come knocking on my door telling me my car been my car. My car ain't been no damn crime. What the hell you talking about?


Why I know about nephew? Shit, he going in the house. Shut the door. When he did that I knew he was guilty. I told police Hold on, get hold on just a goddamn second. I'm gonna find out what you wanna know. I'm now talk to me. I can get you out anything. Goddamn. Let me know what went on. He confessed. He said I did. I said hold on what you just told me. If you tell that to that police officer out there, everything gonna be all right. He told that to the police officer and they r him Ms. Right. I called my sister told her come get this nigga shit out my house.


Right. God damn. Damn neighbors looking at me crazy. I worked two goddamn hard to get to where I'm at now. My neighbor looking at me crazy and shit. They were just bragging on me. Now I got the police over here, shit he already done call me Unc. I'm good and shit. I might get burned. Shit Unc. What? Fuck you about This the end of the crossroads for you. Bubble you need, you ain't learn your listen. I can't handle this. Your mama can't handle you. Your daddy can't handle the motherfuckers in not where you, I bet you that he ain't there telling the officer. Yes sir. You wasn't saying yes sir to me. I'm your aunt.


I'm gonna take the virgin nigga. But you tell them goddamn cops. Yes sir. And yes ma'am. Your disrespect for me. My other brother called me. I heard nephew in jail And you And you bullshit going on today. Damn. Done went to jail, scared for a lie. Had to go in and get that confession. Not my nephew. I had to get it out of him. Shit. Nigga talk to me. You can, you ain't, if you can't talk to God nigga you can talk to me. That's what I told him. Your secrets are safe with me. That's what I told him. But after he told me what I wanted to her, I told him, you tell that shit to that police officer, nephew, everything going be okay.


I spoke to God, everything gonna be okay. And I know it ain't Sister Tex, I'm on my way down there. We gonna get some money. Shit I beat. Damn. I put something on his books. He not coming out there. I'm not spending out one red dime on this nigga brought him down here, put some racks in his pocket. Let him mule my car. He wanted to go off and steal. Steal his shit from, I don't know. I don't know. I take two steps man. I take five back, try to be a good uncle. Try to be a good legal for my family. These motherfuckers like that. They follow you.


They wanna do it they way and do it their way. They ain't going. They got my mama all them sick calling and crying and blood pressure all up in there. Sit your old ass down some damn well. I don't know what I'm gonna do. You been doing it damn mama. You grew up in the the Jim Crow era. You made it during then you gonna make it now. Like everybody calling me, my pastor called me block nigga I'm put no more block. Put a couple hundred dollars in there.


Next thing You know they they, they called in and text and everything. Shit. I know what's going on. Never talking about they want to take the kids to Disney World. You better take them motherfucker right down here to King Boy Walk. I'm used going no Disney. Y'all gonna take them kids to King Boy Walk and that's it. I'm sick of the foolishness. I'm sick of the strife. I'm sick of the hate. I'm sick of the lies my baby mama be doing to me. Talking to about she gets going over a friend house. You a motherfucker liar. I got a truck in the car. Can you you on outside Two me up.


I don when you come back And I wanna touch on you don't come tell me I don't feel good. I keep it. I going drag is and go to work then y'all think I went crazy. Now I'm in love. I'm in in love. I told y'all I need therapy. I need, I need And I need, it's like I don't, I can't sleep at night. It's like I just want to tell shit. I I just wake up And I be wanting to volunteer information. I don't know what it is. I just do. I like, I told my neighbor the other day, the dude who cut your yard, he skipped some steps. Like he was on the phone most of the time he couldn't yard.


Like I just be wanting to volunteer shit. I just want help the world man. If the world would just listen to me, we'll be safe. We'll we'll we'll be great. But the NBA need to be investigated man. Mike Malone, fucking devil Nuggets head coach got fired tonight. Today motherfucker. Y'all two years ago y'all had coaches come down with y'all motherfucker because they pretty to you. Mike Malone was a good coach. I appreciated. Cool. It's a cakewalk in the Westford Lakers now come here. It's a cakewalk now. Shoulda kept him.


I don't know what went on eternally. Maybe the players wouldn't listen to him no more. Maybe he lost the locker room. I don't know. But they fired his ass And I ain't got nothing to say. White folks find white folks. I fucking love it. Come here. Goddamn. Damn right. Come on. I don't get in white people beating. Mm I be not, I I run down the road. I see a white officer pull over a white goddamn family. I'm laughing. Yes sir. Yes sir. No. Yeah I don't give a, I'm gonna take, that's me. That's what I, that's my pressure.


But all bullshit inside though man. Lakers got their ass kicked tonight And I don't like it. I'm upset. That's why I'm up here crying right now. But everything gonna be okay playoffs next weekend. If I ain't, if I ain't mistaken, I think it starting next weekend. OKC is the team to beat. But I feel like we can beat this young team with the, with the veterans we have on this team. We're starting with Bru and and Luca and AR being in the league four, five years now we we gonna be just fine with JJ RIGGED. I wish we coulda had gotten a big man but we stuck with Hayes. Let's see how it turned out. But I think some game series, if we get down to the nitty-gritty with this OKC team, we will beat them. I just really feel that way Denver.


I ain't worried about them no damn mo they head coach gone. The league gone. That's who K got Mary and yo is going was him. He ain't there no more. Westbrook ain't Finn listen to no motherfucking back. So with that being said, legals are Bye you go Rockets gonna be tough to beat but we'll beat them. I see, I see the Lakers beating them too. Going state finished putting all y'all motherfucking faith in j Isha Butler Nip Nip Curry can't do it all. I won't see Curry his 60 goddamn points every night in the playoffs because that's what it's going take for him to win.


Being honest with y'all self. Yes, yes. Steph greatest shooter of all time. Yes. Hall of Famer? Yes. First round. Yes. But y'all really think they finna make some noise in the playoffs. Y'all are sadly mistaken. I'm sorry. You're sadly mistaken y'all it's time to wake up. I know y'all call me crazy and delusional about them cowboys. I am. The motherfucker ain't worth a damn. I know that. I just time for me to be un I know motherfucker. Sorry. I know I I I ain't they sorry but them damn s ain't got them JJ ready got them boys ready to play each and every night at something we ain't seen in the last four, five years.


And I'm loving and I'm telling you right now, Dr. Bus rolling over in their damn graves like now. Damn get get Gina come here. She doing her motherfucking job. She doing it. So I know I ain't, I can't really complain about nothing with the Lakers right now because I know they can't win 'em all. But I do know Vegas when I see Vegas if that makes sense to y'all, I do know that. That's real Talk Another thing I wanna talk about, you got women then we out here and got them Covid BBLs them motherfucker looking like melted ice cream cones now them damn covid BBL trash walking down the road looking like a melted ice cream cone.


You get your ass to somebody hospital right now get you a goddamn gown and like the mofo say make sure your panic is clean too And you go and get that ass fixed. Ain't a nigga want to hit you from the back. No. Gotta be feeling like Boston Richard help me. Help me ya. Shit I hit it shit your transmission gonna fall out my slap you on your ass. That ain't cute baby at all. That why these ho trying to where Sundresses all day shit ass ain't right. That motherfucker fucked up up nigga girl shit you aint like that shit. Them hoby looking like 10 and them lounges when you get them hoes home back to the room they take them all the motherfucker on the Goma house.


The motherfucker built like a ton of truck. I been so thought you was a dick five motherfucker. No you get your good fake body having ass up outta him. Done trick me thought you like him big. You thought wrong you ain't big. You go Jesus this talking to all that shit drunk and falling over. I ain't big enough to hold your big ass so while you drunk I let you bus your goddamn head open. All that. I can't keep myself up. I you big head asshole. You gonna bump your head And you won't beat house of me either. Ah you split your whole shit mushroom right there.


If you see your whole mushroom, stop playing with me. How y'all doing tonight though man? Shit. Taco Tuesday and shit, You know what I'm saying? Who still eat Taco Bell? Man that shit be running through my motherfucking stumble man. I swear I don't even make it to the crib nigga. I be having my stomach be bubbling nigga your stomach gotta be bubbling. You being trafficked and shit and cars driving slow all of a sudden. Man fuck all that. I stomp shit. Got the go shit. Hell I ain't got time playing around talking And I all that shit. Call Driver stole I'm shit my stomach fucked up behind Taco be I'm gonna sue them some fake as advertise and they got them cheese fried.


They good going down. Shit it hurt when it's coming out shit. When I take the shit I like to get But Nick, well the chick out earlier got but naked took this shit over there. Show did come here shit gotta mark my territory everywhere I go I'm taking me shit and I'm not ashamed. You ain't ashamed. You ain't ashamed When nothing you ask me for money. Hell no. Well can You know? Got some motherfucking nigga. Hey you gotta be ashamed come over here taking shit. You ought be ashamed over as me for my motherfucking money but you ain't And you better have show em and toilet paper too. Shit. I'm in my mid thirties shit.


Yeah don't like all that rough ass toilet paper. I like show tissue. God dammit. Here come here Showman come here


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Cmba life at cmba casino do com No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


More shit going on out here. I told y'all y'all bullshit. You better get up off your ass and make some shit happen. Yeah and until you old nigga something y'all see young niggas hollering at your old lady don't mind your motherfucking business because them young niggas will put you where you going pretty soon. They'll they'll, they'll they'll I'm they'll speed you up. Them young niggas will send you home. Don't give a damn how bad you were Ray back in 92. That was 92 nigga in 2002 five they'll lay your ass down. And I watch, watch my uncle get me and him. Why one of no young   He couldn't, he couldn't get my name Now you trying to say B blah but he God damn boy you better call your son.


Shit. I am no help at all. Well that well that youngster was throwing some Crawford type punches and shit. Shit I be damn. Mm I I told my kids you gonna get in the car, let's go. You ain't gonna, you ain't gonna go shit. My day just not getting started. It'll end fucking with them young. Them the same young. I be buying cigarettes and shit for it and cigarettes for the store. Look police if you watching I ain't got no charge. Them nigga got guns. They told 'em they were gonna do something to me if I can purchase it for 'em. So I did. So You know what I'm saying.


So at the end of the day I was under duress when they did that to me so. Oh. And I don't know where they live. Look they good to me. I don't want, I want 'em on the streets. They they good to me. I ain't got no problem with them young nigga. I ain't arguing with 'em either at I I be helping them niggas with they homework. Even though I'm dumb. I still be out there trying to help the, I be trying to help the youth. That's what I do. I help 'em, I know my, my math skills ain't what it, what, what, what it need to be But God guess what I'm trying, I can't say I ain't out here helping and giving back 'cause I am. I asked a youngster the other day, what can I buy you to help you? He told me straight up old school shit I need a Glock 40.


Shit I gave it to him. Who am I to judge this young man? I was young once young dummy foolish. I gave him a Glock for Yes I did but I know what y'all thinking. Why would you do that bub? That ain't smart. Yes he is because he's a crook. So when I gave it to him I already told laws about the situation. Come here getting them young niggas off the goddamn damn street. Slowly shortly. I called his mama Dan. You seen Steve? You know what lemme call him. I ain't heard from don't worry about it. Don't you worry about it. He ain't a safe place. Come here you can get you some rest tonight baby.


You can get you some rest because he down show fella get him some. You can believe that. What's up? All this crying and and bickering going on about Shado Sanders. All I'm hearing now his arm ain't strong enough when his arm ain't been strong your arm ain't gotta be strong and be accurate. Peyton Manning nine neck surgeons have an arm. Wasn't that motherfucker strong but he was throwing do well Shado can do the same. True Breeze knew the arm wasn't strong but he was throwing doors. Hell me I'm lying. I'm sick of this shit. Sick of how y'all trigger sick of how y'all talk to us.


I'm sick of it man y'all ought to be sick of it too. Look how that doing that young man sha door man because because the color of his skin. Because who his Dagg is Because he ain't gotta buy down to these motherfuckers. They know act like it when you on even playing field when they come in with they money. God damnit we coming here like I was two. Y'all coming in with y'all thin ass wis we coming in with got stick God Damnit talking. Y'all coming in with stole stuffing. We coming in with chicken and dressing nipple and it ain't watery Evil come here. Things done changed now baby things done change ain't like they used to be now they ain't.


You got some young brothers that's playing quarterback that can think like these mother white boy faster they these white boy stronger than you mother white boy and they don't like it. You know what goddamn get used to it. You might as well get used to it. Shado is him. Put him in the right team, put him in the right system, put him around the right player, put him in the right environment watching blah give a damn Shado was white, it shouldn't matter. It's the motherfucker accurate. That's all mouth can you get the ball down the field. You damn right if that and D don't godda the door can do it though.


Sick of it. Sick of that bullshit. They put fuck our face each and every day and tell us we ain't seeing bullshit. You a liar Now you other motherfucker might not say nothing. I don't shit when I see bullshit I don't talk every motherfucking time. If I see a white bitch I'll push Dr. Overman over to get to to come here. I been yearning for your love. Come you want nigga you count one over here with me. I riding around like them white boy riding around em in them F-150, F three 50 truck I'm driving. She's sitting right here beside daddy come And I whispering number motherfucking lies in her eel.


You a woman of my dream come here And we going dress up like god bum beating them dressed up at that road yo two me in this old white girl too. You got am right I am and I'm going to the white donna and that it is down here in Ace time two where my cowboy had on bill buckle. Come here have my dogs on back of the truck too. You come back there you want to your ass getting ate alive boy I'm gonna gimme a big dip of stone. Come here and I'm gonna get local. Don't your favorite bill. Once local Don favorite bill look local. Hell when I stop at the store and grab a bill You know I got to grab the hundred pack Come Yeah me old man they going get down tonight.


Yeah we gonna two step in the name of love. Come here. I'm an Introduc kill. Yeah let's go half on baby. All I need is your next me singing you. I'm gonna have Mandy go live. Yeah on FaceTime with her mama. Come on. I'm in the background playing. Don know what my scream gonna be smoke everywhere. Want them to build my ness through the phone. Damn baby you alright? Shit she ain't great Hands.


Yeah, yeah CP three in the house. She was CCP do come here. I'm real. How y'all feeling tonight man? I'm on a mother hell right now man. Y'all better get out here and come check me out on this comedy stage On this week of Warrens tour. It's going down Friday night. Damn St Louis We in the loop. Come here. Damn. Damn Saturday night we there walking. Come here wrap the ticket. Come see your boy signing like a Yeah. How about old school just watching this show right now. If you over 45 right now in the chat, let me put your high fives up. I want see 'em tonight. All my niggas that's 45 and up.


Put your high fives up in the chat. Chat right now. I want talk to y'all niggas. Y'all better start taking y'all rabbit ass to the doctors seeing some of you niggas 45 right Now. You out there playing lag ticket And you que nigga I see you can't see shit boy. Go get you some glasses. Yeah not go get you some prescription glasses. Nole. That's the big C Got the big C gave money when you give it to 'em. Oh boy you don't wanna mess around him. Give him a hundred instead of a 20. See you got to be able to see that shit. See them ho ain't gonna tell you when you make a mistake they gonna grab the money and run on that door. I got me a taser. Same one of them cops got that ho tried to get me last Wednesday.


Shook that motherfucker. Shook the eyelashes up off of her. I don't play you bring your hat back over here. That's one thing we're gonna do. We're gonna do that stealing shit. We keeps shit 100 and others over here. Real talk for the people just tuning in. Appreciate you Don't hit the like button. Why you over here? Stop bullshitting. Quit being stingy with that like button and ain't God it don't subscribe real talking. If you can't watch my show And you only can listen to it, go to Apple Podcast. Go to Spotify, type in the bubble dub show. Boom. There I am.


In case you didn't see the first of the show. I'm telling everybody now my new subscribers over over on prize pics. When you use my promo code trash with the two H's, I'm gonna give you $50. It's a number you can hit. It's just 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51. And we confirmed that you did that. I'm gonna send you 50. Ain't nothing else to talk about. Nothing else to talk about. I'm gonna make it happen Jack.


How y'all feeling though man? I'm hearing that this rematch with Tank and Roach is really going to happen in June. I can't wait to see it. Tank been quiet right now so that means that motherfucker working there. He working. Yeah there's gonna be one of them motherfucking fights that y'all, you can't miss this And I hope it not I might. I hope I'm right. I'm ho I'm hopefully it's in Vegas because what goes on in Bakers stays in fake. Yo. Come here Champ. I'm gonna call you out to this show Champ. Yeah you got the new boo guy come here. Yeah I got, I got to drive it. Me and my white girl I'm going right beside me and new guy.


Yeah yo, this your bitch. You know this ain't my boo guy ain't gotta tell you Who do who Bubba. Your dad Come here. Come here. Y'all chop it up with your boy. Ja Wick throwing gade man. Man he doing what he do. He gotta do that man. Man I feel like my rent just fucked his whole, my rent done fucked up a lot of money dog. Like if anybody watching this show man don't make the mistakes that young brother made man that boy done fucked off by 80 million man.


Like that that that's just ridiculous. The money he done messed off but hey if he like it then I love it man. But we gotta do better though. I get it. It ain't a real gun but You know in this sense if the as world we live in, you can't be doing this at the crowd and all this shit and the football players can't even do that no more. So it's like, like it is like they gonna took all the fun and entertainment out the game. So all you gotta do is not just get your money, don't be giving them don't, don't be giving your money away man. Not like that. You gonna give it away. Give it away to the people who really need it, that can use it and and and You know build some schools or You know, You know give back. You know a lot of times these people be giving back it be tax right off.


I'm just being 100 man that shit don't really be genuine like that You know brother, we just doing it for tax purposes man. Oh man so and so gave away five that's tax purposes man. At the end of the day And we motherfuckers don't just give away $5 million. Yeah shit like that in case y'all didn't know half of that shit. Just be not have 95% of that shit be taxed right off. Yeah so put that mind. Be smart out here every day I see A-A-A-I-I know y'all get seen this grandmother talking to her grandson man the man got charged with murder. It is. And he crying. He ain't no about a kid man. He, he crying but he gonna took a life and now he fixing have to grow up fast enough 'cause they gonna test, they gonna test him each and every motherfucking day.


If somebody in there right now waiting on him, it's a nigga in jail right now riding niggas to the high baby. When I come home I'm gonna beat that thing up. You know I'm a real nigga, I'm holding it down. You know I can't wait to get home but he the same nigga there busting ass up and Now you this what? Don't nigga be busting their ass up in there and they come home and wanna bust some ass. No, no. I'm like dude do I do? No Now you like boys when you come home you gonna like them too. They no we ain't doing that Now. You ain't going do and I'm just saying that because these are facts telling y'all that what going on now man I'm telling y'all man.


I be thinking I be bullshitting y'all. I be accepting 100 but y'all, y'all be want listen to me. I be trying to tell y'all some real shit man. Telling y'all everything I be telling y'all becoming true. People don't want to listen real talk man. Tell y'all some real shit. You gotta put the work in. Ain't no excuse. Put the work in. I don't give a damn. Ain't nobody watching put the goddamn work in. A lot of people want hit me up. Especially committee man how you do this and that. Being consistent. Getting up off my ass working when nobody else don't wanna work. That's what I was doing. I was putting out content nigga I didn't give a damn what nobody said or thought about me. I'm gonna pull out some goddamn content and one day this shit going to stink and it did. It can happen for me. It can happen for you. It might not be with content. You might be an up and coming boxer be up, put the solar down nigga pick up the water.


Yeah get you some nutrients You know going on. Get you some banana, apple, all that shit fruit in your body and work out consistently. Don't give a damn what nobody got to say because what they eat don't make you shit. So you keep doing what you doing. They talked about Jesus, they talked about God but God damnit baby we won't break. We here now. Ain't no we ain't no looking back. When you're moving forward you ain't got time to look back. Yeah there's gonna be some people back there with that child. Oh man he did. Oh he think he got fuck him If you really fuck them. If you ain't like me where I'm at now, God damnit you ain't gonna like me when I'm here and when I'm here I'm still gonna treat the people down here the same way when I was dying now that's how I get my blessings.


Yeah we gonna point the finger, we gonna count favors. Well I did this for you And I did. We gonna count favors over here on on why I'm here. We gonna do that. We do it from the heart, we do it for love man. That's what we do. We gonna broadcast everything we do for people. Never. But if you keep wondering why I'm keep shining 'cause I'm doing some shit behind the scenes that y'all don't even know about, that you don't need to know about. Just know people getting blessed. That's how you handle your business. You ain't got to put that shit on film. You let the people talk about what you do for them, not you. You going to get your blessings that way. Anybody watching this show Now you might be dying and not depress this. Might not even want to give you no push.


You tap on the shoulder until if you scream Leo, that's my time. I love y'all. Now The Volume,


It's spring savings at Bray and Scarf going on now with huge savings throughout the store. Save up to 30% on select GE profile and cafe appliances. You can also save on in-stock GE profile refrigerators and bestselling washers. Shop local and save now during spring savings at Bray and Scarf. Visit any of their convenient locations or shop online@brayandscarf.com where it doesn't cost more to get more.