
What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out boz.com. Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar my smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips.


There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now Everywhere you look, things are getting more expensive. So at Consumer Cellular we are lowering the price for those 50 and up. Now you can get unlimited talk text and data for $30 a line. When you buy two, that's just $60 a month for two unlimited lines. So if you're 50 and up, make the switch and save. Come on, you've earned this. Call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com today requires two lines of service, H validation, and credit approval subject to system and area limits taxes and other fees apply. Wow, what is this place? Welcome to Cloud nine.


How exactly did I get here you are a Toyota Crown driver and only crown drivers ever reach this level of pure bliss. The refined but elegant design makes you sit up a little straighter. It gives you a rush of confidence as soon as you're behind the wheel and a feeling of all eyes on you. That's how the crown transports you here. It's pretty awesome, right? The captivating Toyota Crown Family Toyota, let's go places. Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz. To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today.


That's FACE t.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal or tax advice. The. Volume. Hey, it's your boy Bubble do man. It's Saturday. You know I'm at my comedy show right now as you can see, my background ain't the same as it is when I'm normally at home. But since y'all on right now man, hit the like button. Yeah, hit the like button on ahead and start telling your people Dub don't went live right now. Start, start texting your people right now. Dub. Live right now man. I'm the hardest working man in show business right now.


Hit the subscribe button right now. It's a lot going on right now man. I just come off stage. I just found out that Alabama Roll Tide lost to Bil TRASHH. Nick Saber over and his mother right now. How y'all gonna lose Vanderbilt? Who? Vanderbilt Right now that y'all know I wait. Huh? Y'all know right now Who? On Vanderbilt 30. You lost. They turned as up right now. Your buck rolling around right now in Nashville and 6 4 35 to 40.


Y'all can't beat down the bill. What the fuck going on in Roll Tide. I tell you what's going on. Roll Tide. All you new players that's in high school right now. And thinking about going to Alabama. Don't do it. Go to Colorado with Coach Ryan. Take your talents to the Boulder. I would Coach Bryan gonna put you on the field. Nick Saban ain't Alabama no motherfucking Mo. I don't give a damn how many times he visited the campus. It ain't the same. He ain't running. The team ain't inexcusable. What happened today? Alabama roll Tide was three for seven on third down. You not gonna win many ball games going three for seven on on third down.


You had what, 64 or running yards? TRASHH your round Williams beast. But this a team sport. Alabama had no business losing to Vanderbilt. Is that the same Vanderbilt that Jay Keller went to? Is that the same Vanderbilt that I wanna know then Skip Baylor's go to Vanderbilt. Y'all need y'all to talk to me today man. I better not see now. Motherfucking roll tie fan in the chat tonight. Done Lost Vanderbilt but wanna come over here every show and talk about my motherfucking cowboy?


Stop it. I gotta, I feel like the people who hang on the cowboy, y'all be hating on a real team. See y'all see the potential in the cowboy. Y'all know we going to the Super Bowl. We turn Pittsburgh ass up tomorrow. You watch what we do with them Damn Steelers. Terry Branch out rolling over in his makeup on arm Fox tv TRASHH roll tie. Y'all ain't in here ba ain't worth a damn man. Y'all done lost the Vanderbilt man. I don't know what's going on no more. Georgia done big up on Auburn cam.


Newton rolling over in them TRASHH ass outfits he be wearing Damn Bulldogs ain't bullshitting ran through Auburn. So I want y'all right now today. Give me y'all pics. Who y'all got winning the national championship right now? I want y'all to let me know and I know they burning crosses in Alabama right now. Them Negroes can't get a white girl at night after every win and them niggas get Samantha. Not the night. You gotta get Isha white boys. Don losing they got they motherfucking off got in they mouth shit.


Them white boys on like Rambo, Alabama done went down there and lost our found up appeal. Inexcusable. If you ask me somebody say Michigan, somebody say long haul roll Tide ain't winning shit. It's over for Roll tide. Y'all not winning shit. National championship not going to happen buddy. Not going to happen. Put the purse 30 down, they got fentanyl in it. You nigga keep popping these motherfuck pills. The only pill you better pop be from the doctor. Some of y'all niggas 30 years old can't even see them damn pills.


Y'all popping dangerous. I am man. Find you something else to do besides that. Y'all ain't bullshit with y'all tonight Man. Roll tight. You know I got miss your y'all man you know I'm a buffalo. Y'all lost up and Nebraska ran through us so I'm just returning the favor right now. That's all. But let me talk about my boy James TRASHH. I done do. I done, do I? I done been nice enough. I been, I've been doing the right thing saying the right things about Bru. I gotta let him play five or six games.


I seen nothing but TRASHH. I don't wanna see no more motherfucking workouts where he can hit 30 shots in a row. Do it in the game. Niel. I'm all about championships right now. I done went to Dr. Bus grave, I just sat down drunk my old English in LA and talked to the grave to Dr. Bus. He ain't wanna win. I wanna win. I'm rooting for you Bernie James. I'm rooting for your brother but you making it harder and harder and harder and harder and harder for me. When you going have a good shooting motherfucking game every time you want for something.


Fuck a block shot. Make some points nigga. God feel you can put the weed down. Love LeBron. But his son ain't hit right now nigga. I'm a s I'm the only man in America. Sit down with LeBron James and tell him bro James right now TRASHH deal with it Nickel and I love bro and I love Brony. Brony gonna be good but right now he ain't hit. I can't keep defending this kid man.


One for eight, six last five games. He done play again. He ain't do a motherfucking thing and and in the off season games they have. Y'all watched it. I defended him and defended him. He gonna get it. He gonna get it. He gonna have all season. He gonna ball with Kayah Anthony, Kalo Anthony, Hey Mark Anthony JLo Damnit. When you gonna ball for me? I can't keep getting on my so line. I can't no longer do it. For years I've been lying to myself saying I had a big penis but I'm being honest now Small one inch. You can't tell them hoes that when I'm hitting them from the back I'm pinching they motherfucking neck from the back.


Them hoes feeling some kind of pain nigga not from the meat, from the pinch. Pinch your horn, her neck where I can say ouch you God damn right. I can find a new method to make my girl home nigga pinching that horn her motherfucking neck when I'm hitting her from the back bitch got marks all over her neck. I make her sign a form before we have sex NDA and shit. So she can't tell what I'm doing in them between them sheets. You think I'm running her eyes between them damn sinks don't feel something I'm hitting her. I'm hitting her having sex, I'm hitting her. She ain't saying nothing. She ain't my own into nothing. That's when I put my hand on my pistol.


Make me use her. I will. How y'all feeling tonight? Saturday night just got off stage on the first show, that second show coming up, it's Soul Out. I'm feeling good. Shout I tell my fans to watching this bubble do show right now man. I love y'all from the back of my heart man. Y'all gonna understand how y'all make me feel man. Y'all really don't feeling good man. Tank Davis finna get ready to fight Lamont Roach. You know he knocking them out. Get ready for that interview tank done hit me up. Told me I can get him fucking interview. So get ready for Tank Davis interview is coming soon. How y'all, what round y'all got? Tank knocking Lamont Roach out because he getting knocked out. He getting knocked out.


Frank Martin. Well yeah you know I love you fam. You were following each other. We were chopping it up all of a sudden. I ain't heard from you no motherfucking mother. When you done got knocked out this she got anger. 10 me you nigga. Now you look me in my eyes Frank and I love you. You look me in my eyes and told me if Tank act up you gonna knock him out. You lying nigga. It's a different beast in that motherfucking ring. Wilder people in now nigga you sweating. He's sweating and you started out on fire. You started out on motherfucking fo. That nigga hit you in your motherfucking chin. You start looking for the Lion King movie nigga. I knew it was over Hank David did seven flips after the fight you were still locked out like the motherfucking undertake nigga this ain't ww e Wake off Craig.


Wake up y'all. I ain't get stood up. He ain't fighting Fell. Yeah he fighting Fell fighting nigga. Ooh nigga you ain't know you was that nigga, nigga. You know what I'm saying? Nigga, I jumped up after that knockout nigga. I ate nachos and shit nigga. That nigga I had to shit like a motherfucker. High five Casino, high five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours.


Only at high five. casino.com High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High Five casino, Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Oma and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking.


The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy. This is Rob Parker from The Eye Couple with Chris Broussard and Rob Parker here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with the legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself.


Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com Every day When you log into chumba casino.com, the ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus.


Imagine if you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I chose french fries, overloaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend even though I don't care. I updated my operating system without having to call tech support. Collect your free daily bonus@jumbocasino.com now Chba And live the jumbo life BGW group. No purchase necessary prohibited by terms and conditions. 18. I'm just gotta keep it real on my show man. I can't sugar coat shit on this show man. I got to keep, that's what y'all want from me. Authentic originality. That's me. I can't continue to hide how I feel about certain people.


I gotta let it be known man. I gotta let it be known. I'm wondering why the Lakers ain't went out and got nobody. You know what I'm saying? That can help us win. Why Jerry Jones didn't go get Gary? Her? Well Derek, her SM meat small. I don't know. I think Jerry made some calls and said I wanna see Gary her meet and I don't think he was impressed. That's why I ain't going to get it. I think Jerry Jones and Zeke got going. Something going on ly. I'm just telling y'all how I feel today. Y'all. Y'all keep on coming in. Keep telling people what we got going on over here on The, Bubba, Dub Show. You can't get this shit. No. Is they reading off papers nigga I'm off the head.


We different. What Kendrick Lamar say they not like us. Them niggas reading off teleprompters nigga. I'm reading me. It's a difference Huh? Dig is still in jail. You ain't coming home nigga. All them little boys you were fun with nigga. You don't deserve to come home hardly Weinstein. You gonna deserve to come home nigga. J-Lo you going to jail too ho. Allegedly you knew about that shooting you and shine. You been knowing about these motherfucking freak offs. I'm talking about you Jen from the block on the way. Gonna stop even talking about you Jen.


You come over here and let me take you on a date. Tick you two. Cheesecake Factory. Ho We had Cheesecake Factory ain't never been good. Bitch you gonna like cheesecake. You are ungrateful. Motherfucker. Your momma can't make 'em. Your anger can't make them your grandma Two feet left feet walking ass can't make 'em. Bitch. Ain't nothing wrong with arms. Ain't nothing wrong with Cheesecake Factory. Go now. Take a woman a Cheesecake Factory, spend $70 good meal. I like to get food on the whole stomach before I lay 'em on their back. Make the sex better when them whole got some food on their stomach. They got a little energy And.


if you on figure give her Ale The real Snicker the one with the real nuts Nickle. They got pecan snicker now they changing the game. Y'all call it pecan. I'm from the south, we call it pecan and I bring my hose over my grandma house. I tell my grandma stop smiling because when she smile like she been chewing pecans, you scaring my company Ho you scaring this fine hoe. I done flu got flew out and spend 1200 on this ho you scaring her. She thought my grandmama Jeep was creepers. Love my granny to death. But she look like Jeep was creepers.


Blake Hunt. What's up? Hell, long way. What's up shouting everybody out Hungry Bun. What's up man? Appreciate the 9 99. Whoever sent it, man. Bless you brother. Bless you. Thank you for sending that. You didn't have to do that. I really appreciate that man. But I wanna know why if I do I have any Pittsburgh Steelers fans in the comments right now? If you are, peace Pittsburgh Steeler fan right now. Make a comment right now. Dallas Cowboy fans. Hold on. Hold on baby. Hold on. I need a Pittsburgh Steeler fan in the chat right now. Let me know. Somebody say yes sir. Can I get one more? Can I get all day? I need all my Pittsburgh Steelers demon. Let me know you in the coming session right now. I got something to say to y'all cowboy fans.


Hold on. I'm feeling something now. I'm feeling like a pastor tonight. I'm sweating like a hundred bake ham in him. But we going get through this journey. Pittsburgh Steeler fans. If you on right now, lemme tell you one goddamn thing today. TRASHH. You don't think Dallas Cowboys coming up there nigga we marching in. We ain't The Saints we marching in, we finna do something evil to y'all tomorrow. I believe everybody on my team hurt but less is more. Do you hear me? Less is more. I ain't got no meat so I pull a porn video out when I'm hitting my girl. I let her watch that porn video of a nigga with a big meat bitch picture me with this kind of meat that I'm putting in. You see I can change the game.


See sex is mental nigga. It ain't physical no more. See see thinking about getting big meat but in reality she ain't getting big meat. But I'm pinching her arms and it's hurting like a motherfucker. So in her mind she getting big meat. Nigga I'm a genius nigga. I'm a genius. So I'm gonna find a way to satisfy my woman man. I'm gonna find a way to make my woman feel good in bed and in life. Do you hear me? That's what it's all about, man. Memories. Too many memories.


Y'all don't know nothing about that right there man. Gotta make memories man. That's what we doing. I ain't gonna be sick tomorrow nigga. Cowboy gonna win man. See when y'all expect a cowboy to lose, they win. It's when I expect them to win, they lose. You know what I'm saying? We going to Pittsburgh, Heinz Field hostile environment, they got us underdogs. Cowboy will win tomorrow. You can big all the T and shine on that watching this show right now. If you can't even watch this show. Matter of fact you can't watch this show because you at work or you doing whatever but you wanna listen to it. Go to Apple podcast, go to Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show.


You'll be able to listen to The Bubba, Dub Show. Hear me out man. Hear me out And. if you watching this show then you know this show is being presented by prize picks. Do you hear me? They got Derrick Henry tomorrow have ley four and a half yards. All you got to do is put more or less they got Aaron Jones that has 66 and a half yards. All you gotta do is put more or less. If you are a first time user and you wanna play prize picks, use my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs. That's all you got to do. The only way you gonna wing on prize picks if you don't play. Don't get me wrong. Them other apps out there is cool but they ain't Prospects use my promo code right now. TRASHH with two Hs.


I guarantee you all you gotta do is put $5 in. They going give you 50. They going to give you 50. Tune in right now on price Fixed. Man I need y'all to talk to me right now man. I need y'all to talk to me right now. Tell me what's going on right now. Talk to me your Jerry looking at me. That's what he always do. Nija Harris's not finna do a motherfucking thing. He didn't do nothing against the coach last week. What make you think he gonna do something against us Texas about to work. Okay Texas. My sir Wanger tipping motherfucker. Show me something. Don't just get to the playoff Texan, get to the Super Bowl.


We got five of them motherfuckers up here in Dallas. We ain't been since 95. We been since Mike Tyson got out prison but God we got five of them. Don't disrespect the Cowboy Mavericks. I'll be up there tomorrow. Dallas Max. I'll be up there tomorrow training camp where I see me and Luca finna work out. You finna lose some motherfucking weight Luca. You finna get in shape Clay Thompson my ass motherfucker. This ain't going state. This Texas feeling good y'all. Y'all talk to me. Y'all talk to me man. I can't wait till the game tomorrow. I'm going live going live tomorrow too. Yeah you know I'm going live after the game man.


I gotta go on stage. After I get off stage tomorrow, I'm gonna come right back here where I'm at today and jump on the live and do my motherfucking thing and I'm gonna be talking cash money, shit about them Cowboy. 'cause I know they gonna win. Cowboy gonna win by nine points tomorrow. That's my prediction. Cowboy win by nine points. I want y'all to go to my Instagram Bubba Dub 94. I'm gonna drop my prize pick pics in them so you can make you some pics and make you some money. See Dubby looking out for y'all. He other people don't even look out for y'all. They just want y'all money and gone about their business. Not me. I care. I care and I want some of you men that's watching this show right now. Laugh to me Bubba do I love you. Lemme tell you some real shit fam tonight.


Go in there and love your woman. Look your woman in the motherfucking eyes and tell her you love her because if you don't a stud wheel be on the outside looking in like me not loving my woman the way I should have been loving her. You know what I'm saying? I'm just telling you real. One of them studs done took my old lady from me and put that taser tongue on her and I can't give her back. I had to do some whole ass shit allegedly. I pull up on that stud and put my pistol on the hoe. Bitch you better release my old lady bitch you let her go. You better not lick on her now. Old motherfucking Mo looking on my girl like that bitch I can't, my bitch don't even wanna look at me no more.


I don't know what you done done to her. That bitch done hit my whole one of them tranquilizers or something. Thank y'all for tuning in this show man. Alabama done lost Auburn and Keith ass Colorado. And we on, we on vacation coach Prime bitching right now. You know I'm going live tomorrow, man. Monday me and TO be going at it every Monday. TO be tuning in man. Any question for to Monday? Y'all getting the comedy section right now and let me know what's going down man. Keep sharing this show. We keep, we keep going up, we keep going up. We need to continue going. Keep hitting the light button. Got 812 people on. I should have 812 motherfucking lights.


Why y'all ain't getting this kind of comedy nowhere else. If you love it, show it if you love it. Short TRASHH Sugar Day going to roll Tide TRASHH. Mr Boy Bubba Dub, thank y'all for tuning in today man. Peace. I'm out. The Volume, Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity. We feel way more confident and secure in our finances and with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together.


Visit Facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This at is by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by yourself securities nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome. High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and conditions supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com.


High Five Casino. Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now. If You are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more.


Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent, being their day and night, and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for. Trust, Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.