
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Now,


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit mcd app for details. Ba Ba baba


the Volume. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. I know it's being a mean but I'm back at the cri. You see it when you see that right there. I'm at the CRI now. I know what was a hell of a weekend. We had nothing but great thing. You know happened the weekend we had boxing, we had the Olympics, we got Tyreek Hill with his new D. We got everything to talk about today on The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm gonna go ahead and get the show started right now before I even get the bud. Before I get the let get the Isaac Pit. Bull Cruise is what they call him.


TRASHH. You better not call I on tank. David. No, mother Mo went 12 round. Be honest with a nobody. I thought you fought Austin River. My bad fam. You fought Jose ela. My bad. All this. Oh we gonna set, set this fight up. Easy little fight up. No it wasn't. Yeah he put that jab in your life. The whole, you couldn't do nothing. Now y'all told me I gotta be real. Y'all told me. Hey Holmes Davis is running people. No he credit right now.


The Jose Venezuela. You did your thing Saturday night. Fa did nobody really know who you were but they know who you're now. Yeah, you got a name for yourself. I seen you say you were fighting for your family. You did that. I'm gonna give you your props. You you put on an excellent put on an insulin show this Saturday night out there in la Jose Venezuela. Yeah, the underdogs on top right now. Yeah, pit Bull thought it gonna be an easy fight. Throwing all the punches but didn't do shit. Now y'all told me Pit Bull was the man you lied. Y'all didn't see that shit coming and when he won you Mexican us Hey y'all, why y'all wasn't clapping for him? They both Mexican.


Y'all ain't right. Y'all ain't right. But now let's go back over here to Pit Bull came out throwing them things but never could really just impose his will like he normally do on his other fighter. Like he dig on the one tank Davis Rollie. Yeah, when he beat he knocked out Rollie but he never could impose his will on Jose Venezuela. I'm just gonna call him Austin riffs because that's what he look like. But he never could impose his will on this boxing match from when I seen went 12 rounds but oh boy kept him at at bay a whole night with the jab. Catch him with Upper Cook because we gonna buy 15 Uncle Cook now Jose, you gonna need to get work on your power Fa work on your power work on you get your defense a little bit better because I ain't gonna lie, people caught you a couple times and, and all I'm saying if it was a stronger puncher your ass out.


Come on in here. I need out my boxing fan to come here. We gonna talk boxing today. Damnit, we gonna talk it. Come on in here. Lemme know what you thought about Pit Bull performance against Jose. I'm letting you know right now. Pit Bull didn't look what damn to me didn't look like a champion to me. Didn't look like somebody who deserved a rematch with Tank Day. I'm just say this right now, tank, if people accrue call you right now, don't even fucking house ain't nothing to talk about. Chances is over, it's over moving on to the next match. Yeah, yeah. The main event Bud t Crawford about Israeli Mara Ma, I got the name right today.


Mara Ma. Yeah, Doug working on his pronunciation and damn it. I'm gonna point the date. Let's get to it. Everybody thinking Bud was gonna come in and run through. Jamal didn't happen. Dude ain't had that many fights professionally. He had 11 but Amateur they said he had over 200, maybe 300. I don't know. But he didn't look like no motherfucker amateur of me. He look, he look like a veteran. You're not going toe to toe with Crawford and let me go and dress the elephant in the room right now lot y'all talking stop it up. Last fought he had against Earl Spence. That's the last time fam thought no tune up fight going here fighting a man who's been spawning Ville The same bill who beat Canelo Red Roots The looking head as that's the same guy he fought.


Oh man. He only had left him fight. He could now Bud done move up to 1 54 and Bud was throwing them things man Jamon was throwing them things too. I ain't gonna take nothing from him. The the, the judges had the eight to four. I had a seven to five. I think them last two around Bud Crawford dominated and came on home with victory. But all that he got robbed. Shit man, your mom didn't get robbed. He got beat. That's all it was. It was a good fight from the start to the ending because both Pace, both fighters are patient. Yeah we learned that. We learned that this fighter here was real pay. Bud liked to wait but you could throw something so he could counter punch it. Oh.


Bo was doing the same thing Crawford was doing. You waiting Damnit, I'm gonna wait too and don't get me wrong, he w he he, he was touching Bud Crawford, he was touching him the whole night. But he wasn't be, he wasn't, he wasn't doing it in flurries like the way Crawford was doing Crawford gig 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, you know Body up Master mile touching once or twice then fighting the whole night fighting that the judges seeing that shit. You ain't doing fighting no motherfucker put, put that leather on him. That's what Bud did. Oh. Fight a little puffy after the fight. But what fighter ain't gonna be puffy after the fight when y'all standing in total to ring going blow for bro. That's what they were doing.


What I'm seeing talking, oh man Crawford de ain't ready for Canelo now. Shit I don't see, I dunno, I, I could, because remember Canelo was struggling with Lawson got beat by Floyd. I don't know but me person that 1 68 I'm bud, I'm not moving up to 1 68. I'm staying my rabbit ass right there at 1 54 and I'm gonna fight everybody at 1 54. That need to be fought at 1 54. I heard Boosts moving up to 1 54 because that was one of the hardest mother fights you ever fought. I know you gonna say gamble boy and all them you was a lot. You were staggering.


Damn boy you been staggering. Not one mother time you were hitting him and that do mean hitting him My was doing. But you wasn't dazing him normally you were, you hit him with some good shots and it didn't really, it didn't phase him. Now if you were back at what, 1 47? Oh yeah. Oh yeah you would knocked him out but it was at 1 54. Man Bug Crawford is like a bigger weight. Y'all, y'all just casual man. Y'all just talking man. Y'all don't know boxing man. I, that man ain't really, that man ain't fighting nobody yo. He fought somebody you could. Damn. You damn believe that. And I'm gonna be honest, I don't know a bug gonna give him a rematch. Shit I wouldn't made me, made me work all 12 motherfucking rhyme.


Made me have to go to the judge. Shit. Last what, 10, 12 Fighter Bud done him out. He knocked this one out. This is really, I dunno what is motherfucker wrong but he, I'll let you know right now. He gonna give whoever 1 54 division right now. Hell so where at? Damn problem. Where at? Calling him out. He ain't, he ain't Finn be one ain't gonna be too many people in 154 division. Call our mad mile. I'm letting you know that right now. Damn. Wait who go got the got the chain of a bridge?


Let's burn. Damn Afterall one bullshitting in that ring. He doing his thing. Make a name for himself. If you didn't know who he was, he was a champion. I don't know why y'all keep talking about he wasn't nobody man was a champion. Crawford took that damn belt. Crawford took that damn belt. But I always say Crawford look rusty to me. Ain't thought the year and you gonna move up 10, 12, 15 pounds. Shit that's gonna take a toll on any damn body. Got all this, he got robbed. Stop it y'all now y'all, y'all going little too damn far with saying Mammal got robbed. He didn't get robbed. I had Crawford Wing seven rounds to five round last two rounds for me. I feel like they done it them other rounds in the first round could have went either way.


But from what I seen Saturday night with matter of fact the whole mother fucking under court was unbelievable. So I got to that guy in Turkey us y'all ain't doing nothing but sucking eggs to that man from Turkey Will. I know he, he the reason why these big fights happen. He's spending all his money. I get it but now y'all done gave him a belt. Y'all can put him in the hall of Fame. Y'all y y'all can invite him over for Thanksgiving and you ain't invite, y'all ain't invite your own damn family members over for Thanksgiving. But y'all invite that motherfucker from Turkey. I'm watching y'all. I ain't mad at, I'm laughing at because y'all catering to him. Hey do what you gotta do. Do what you gotta do to make boxing again. Do what you gotta do for us fans to get the fights we want.


I ain't mad at y'all one bit. I'm just saying they were one of probably the greatest under court that I ever seen since I've been alive and watching boxing. Y'all getting to come section right now. I know y'all, I know y'all got a lot to say about this bug and master mile fight. Damn it. Let's talk about it. In your honest opinion do you think Bug Crawford lost? I can't wait to hear some of y'all response. I can't wait to see. I've been going over there to them boxing and looking at they responses to bullshit. I wanna know from my people, from my fans, from my eyes To your eyes. What did you see in this fight with Bud Crawford and Meyer? What did you see from Pit Bull? Isaac Cruz and Jose Venezuela.


What did you see? I wanna talk about it today on this damn show. Damn on the call was was off the chain. Oh yeah y'all almost, y'all almost thought I forgot about this one. Oh yeah Martin Baco fought Jerry Anderson. Let me say this right now to this camera. Baco hit Jerry so motherfucking hard. He was looking for Subway sandwiches. I'm not bullshitting. He was hitting him every time. He was getting up so fast like he was asking questions. What he hit me with that time? Was it the left jab? Was it the upper cut? No motherfucker is old up straight. Right. I seen that man knock Jerry Sson down with a straight jab. I ain't never seen nothing like it in my life.


He got the same power. Oh boy. Here go boy in the barbershop with that's aaf fi punch. That's what but got. And I don't see too many people getting in the ring with him either. I don't that big song going hit hard and Jared you're 24, you're young. I like your attitude after the fight you make no excuses Dude, dude got down on me. I respect it but hey now you now you know I asked whooping to hump you. That's what my daddy always told me son. A good ass whooping will humble you. I think that's going humble Jerry. Him but 24 years old. Like he said the motherfuckers in that division 30 and up and older get back in the gym.


Bam. Work on your crown bobbing weave. It's like you just sitting there just like you couldn't even move your motherfucking head boy Bow, move your head, poor head make a So as you ain't got but one time hit me in my damn head it won't be there no damn mo. I'm moving now I'm moving like my baby mama mama. That's how you gotta move it fam. Y'all gonna come in session right now. Let me know what y'all think about Morgan Cola and Jerry Anderson. That fight that happened. Let me know what y'all think Martin because they could work on what Jerry, we know what Jerry Anderson. Jerry Anderson need to work on his head movement and and letting his hands go. Relying on one punch ain't gonna get it done.


He only gonna get you so far. But I think Jerry Anderson will be okay but Cola, he look good to me. Like I know he's not gonna feed it but hey, hey boxing looking real good and like I gotta go back. I gotta go right back to that mother from Turkey. Did y'all watch it when he came in Everybody was like oh my and I know he put the event together but they were showing him more love than the Pope. I'm not bullshit. And when Mike lemme tell y'all something in boxing man. When, when, when? When Mike Tyson come in, y'all put the camera on and wave and this and that. Stop putting that motherfucker camera on Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike.


Like he wasn't trying to look at that camera no more. It looked like you was trying to kiss on his old leg and you couldn't do it because you had the damn camera in the way. And, we gonna see Mike old ass me mother fucking year hit the camera. Look it on somebody. Hell shit. I look like Coco Jones and why I didn't put the camera on her. She mike old ass all damn fight. Put it on something I won't see some pres something man me hot. I've been going through it all week. Y'all lemme tell y'all something man. Took my girl to a five store restaurant. Right. Took my girl to a five store restaurant. We went to Applebee's, we we in Applebee. We finna have a good time. Who I see my side chick, my side chicken number when my motherfucking landlord eating and drinking and shit.


I'm hot now. She already told me y'all she was gonna pay me back for what I've been doing to her but sleeping with my landlord. That's off women. That's off women. I wasn't gonna raise my ring up man and my girl. What's wrong with you? Ever since we done came in here, you been having a attitude. It's the love of my life over that evening. Drinking them damn dollar Margarita having a time of her life over right now without me. Huh? How do you think they make me feel? She done brought him to our favorite restaurant. Apple's apple. You women ain't gonna stop till y'all don't no more posters.


Y'all not gonna stop till y'all don't no more posters. I'm telling you I I called right back after we left. I called right back up to the applebee and sent them pictures of the of them because I took pictures of him and he bought an eight of them. He bought an eight of them damn dollar margarita. Cheap ass. He said I done put you on 1942 baby cheap ass margaritas. I know y'all stomach will hurting. I hope it wasn't no fucking neither. But I called right back up there. I be in so photo if you ever see this couple again, don't let 'em in because if you let 'em in it's gonna be yellow tape all around that motherfucker. Next time I'm not playing play about my side chick y'all, I'm I'm, I cried like a baby.


I ain't gonna lie y'all I blew her mother and thrown up on there the next day. You got some kind of motherfucking nerve. Take somebody to my favorite restaurant boo. You got some kind of nerve. You did your big one type shit. You did your big one. A motherfucker text me back. She ain't text me back. I guess she feeling herself right now but when she do I'm pulling up. Oh I'm pulling up. I got something to say. I got something to talk about today. This how you gonna do me? You supposed to be in love with my life. You in there kissing and eating and drinking with another man. My landlord that my landlord that's off limits y'all.


Y'all let me know man if y'all be mad too, if your side she's sleeping with your landlord. Let me know how y how to feel.


Judy was boring. Hello Then Judy discovered juba casino.com. It's my Little escape Now Judy's the life of the party. Oh Baby Mama's bringing home the bacon. Whoa, Take it easy Judy Cmba the Chumba life is for everybody. So go to chumba casino.com and play over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prices. Chumba chumba casino.com. Nobody's necessary void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details.


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job.


Thanks. I'm hurting right now. Y'all y'all y'all going understand what I'm going through right now over here day going through just so much of life right now. Just so much. Now I gotta switch topics. And. we gonna talk about the Olympics Noah. A lot. You have champion you damn right. Damn, damn Dwayne Wade rolling over in his nail salon right now. Noah. Hell y'all talk all this shit about Noah. Noah showed up when it matter. He a champion.


No don't get your nail painted. Gold fam gonna get your toe painted too. You painted every damn thing else. I ain't mad at you do what you do but you a champion no allows much respect that you found. You did what you supposed to do. I know there was a craziest thing. Nobody know how no no no. How he done it but it was a nail bite. It was a nail bite through the fingers. Boy pulled it out man. Body tapped through the storm. I got to know her lie also when shout out to Shaka Richardson too. Baby girl took home. The silver got second in the rain. It's all good. I know something of y'all man. Oh man, shit man look the girl did what she could do in the rain.


She got second man. God. Oh girl was just bastard from St. Jude. I ain't never heard of St. Jude but I tell you what I do now. Oh girl, bullshit you. I'm just keeping the, I'm just keeping in a bunk with you. That girl was moving now through. There ain't one thing I don't like man. Y'all be getting so upset when when we gonna win Gold Man. Sometimes it ain't meant for them people to win gold. Man. You know maybe next time Chicago Richards gonna win gold but she won silver. We'll take that. I'm proud of you baby. Keep doing what you're doing. Don't get your head down. You know I know you are a changed woman now you don't smoke no more but if you ever wanna smoke, get with me.


I got that. This ain't TRASHH on Dick, you know what I'm saying? Hit me up and I give you some, you know what I'm saying? And and and you'll feel a whole lot better about yourself. That's all I'm saying right now on the damn big three in the Olympics. Lost TRASHH. Why won't y'all go to the real big three team USA United States of America. We got the real big three with I Cube. Yeah O say Jackson, we got the real big three. Go down there and get one of them big three and sit their ass over there and watch what happened. You know we got the greatest athletes in the world in America. Y'all know this. Y'all don't need to give O Jackson and make this shit happen.


We got the real big three over here and it's growing. Shout out there. Everybody's going out there supporting re and that big three moving. I appreciate the love Gary Peyton, I see you out there arguing, trying to fight player but you ain't changed the link. I know y'all seen GP out there talking shit trying to fight. I love it. It's the competition now. I'm glad they didn't fight but hey it's the competition. Anybody know gp man that know GP is a fiery guy man. He's a standing up guy. He gonna tell you how it is and how he feel and the fight go with it. Whether he win or lose, damn he don't give a fuck And that's all that matters. So with that being said, we need our own big three over at the team. USA Jimmy Dead. Jimmy Dead ain't big in the damn league.


Nine years thinking he gonna go there and defeat somebody. Shit up straight. Disappointment, straight mother disappointment if you ask me. Moving on and then switching topics today y'all see I got my card game today. Yeah Bubba Dub done Step this game up today. You damn right now for go to the NFL and give shout outs to my people who made the Hall of Fame. Oh yeah. Devin Hester. Pilot Mcg Greg kickoff Return pun return that we ever seen in the game of football. I'm not lying. I know y'all remember Devin Hester with them damn Chicago bro. Taking them back to the house. Yep. Brian and them were doing their thing on the defense but they damn special team will win.


Game got him to the Super Bowl too. Y'all forgot when they played the song. Even though they lose, Hester took one to the house. He's a hall of Famer. Congratulations to Devin Ster. Julius Peppers. Yeah y'all remember him with the Carolina big number Beast come in North Carolina Peace. He made it Andre Johnson do you hell Andre but them Texans ain't. Lemme tell y'all something man. Andre Johnson made it to the Hall of Fame with TRASHH quarterbacks don't y'all gimme Matt Schwab. Matt Schwab ain't shit and y'all fucking no with he couldn't even hold no mother clipboard.


You, you gimme no mess man played football man like 12, 13 years Hall of Fame TRASHH quarterbacks. I wanna know what Andre Johnson would look like. What a Aaron Rogers, a Tom Brag, a Peyton Manning or Drew Brees Matthew Stafford. I wanna know what that man will look like. Moving on to the rest of the people. Dwight friend with the coach. You remember how he come off that line with that spin move. Come here big come here had Max on side come here.


Don't act like he was old motherfucking Peyton. Peyton had on two defensive die. Tony Dun wasn't Ting in that young cover too know football I ain't gonna get on just talk to I know Football. We gonna talk today talking about the Fame. We're putting on the Gold Jackets people I'm naming putting on the Gold Jackets. Yeah we gonna move it on to Patrick. Really linebacker for 49. Y'all remember number 52? Yeah I think he came outta us Mississippi. I think he came outta Mississippi. I think it was the same team Eli went to.


If I ain't mistaken. If I am mistaken, I know my people going get in this comment section and let me know that I made a mistake but I think, I think I'm right. I think he came from Eli Manning team by name Mississippi. But nevertheless Patrick Willis made shout out to you. Steve McMichael made it. What's his name? Randy Ard made it them of the Hall of Fame inductees. I know somebody, I can't remember who didn't make it but you gonna get in. It's on Tip of my tongue. I know you didn't make it but you gonna get into the Hall of Fame. You deserve it sometime people gonna make it on their first ballot and make it on the second and third ballot. But long as you alive, I promise you you will make it.


I guarantee you that. But this something, part of this show. I'm finna do something new now y'all, we gonna start putting spotlights on people nobody know about on this show. And it's called Against All Odds. I need y'all to help me help them. Whoever that is that y'all gonna tell me that Start putting us, don't y'all tell me about a person that y'all feel like don't get enough credit or spotlight in any sport right now. And I'm not. I'm being, we ain't talking about no starters. We talking about somebody that's on the bench nobody really knows about but they sliding under the radar and that they should be starting. Give me a name of these people And.


we gonna bring them to the light on this. And so I'm tired of talking about the star. Let's talk about the bad groups because the star go down. These motherfuckers got to go in there and do they job. And let me say this right now football wise, if Dak Prescott go down and Trey Land come in, we in fucking trouble. Dare I say it, I like Trey but I don't think he ready to go in behind this offensive line right now and leave if something happen to. That's all I'm saying. I don't think that at all. Some of y'all might say Tre land really do 49 didn't really give him a chance. Some of y'all gonna say y'all rather see Tre land starting that.


I ain't got no problem. Bring it to light Know. Is it somebody out there right now? We ain't talking about we gonna bring him to the light now. I can't think of his name for the Cowboy but that Kiko, that motherfucker called one of the best in the game right now. I can't think of his name right now because I'm fresh off vacation. Y'all know who I'm talking about. The kick for Dollar Cowboy. That's who y'all need to get on your gang shit teams right there. That motherfucker Cole. Oh yeah he the best in the game right. Oh yeah. Come crazy right now. Oh yeah that's the segment against All Lies.


I just broke it down to y'all let me know. Let your boy do know if there's any sport, football, basketball, baby, whatever it is. It's a player that's not getting enough credit or spotlight on them right now. Y'all hit me up let me know but we can talk about that. Got the hell all sitting coming up. Yeah hell got the TRASHH of the day segment coming up man I'm tell you, I'm adding segment and segment we're cranking up over here. Oh yeah we're cranking up over here. Like I told you, if you at work and you can't watch the show you could damn. So listen to it on Apple Spotify right now. I need y'all to go with Apple Spotify man. Download it man. Or go Spotify.


Go to Spotify and download or go to Apple podcast and download the bubble dub show over on fire. We rocking over here. It's Monday. I'm back. I'm back. How y'all feeling though man? Fresh off vacation man. Took the fam, put the fam Disney world man on feel good man to finally take my fam somewhere man. Let 'em enjoy they self man. I've been ripping and running all over this world man. But sometimes you gotta slow down and sit back and chill and man let the fam enjoy they self man. And I had fun going down there, the Disney world down there, the Orlando and bumping into the people shout took a love to the people who bumped into me and told me they appreciate what I do and that means a lot to me.


But I know how y'all really feeling right now. If you're feeling like how I'm feeling, you know school back. Yeah school gonna start it back and them motherfucking women taking them kids up there to them bus stop be they mother. I'm talking they bucket naked. You can't see them but moose knuckles. I thought you couldn't see a damn moose on in Colorado in cold places. But that's a lie. You some moose down here in the south. Come on, come here. I done rang over everyth damn squirrel in the road looking at them. I'm bullshit. My dog daddy. Watch the road down the road. I'm looking at your little friend mama. Wait until tomorrow.


I'm gonna be up there bright and her and smelling good too with my creed on. Come with them. Wax hanging out my pocket. I'm pull me one, I'm me. I'm not playing. Ain't Miami been doing his job the last six months? Like I previous 15 years TRASHH Dr. Miami the last six months. What I'm seeing from Dr. Miami too, thinking about taking my baby mama dying now. Have your weight fix up. Fix up. I want her get the, I want, I want everything done. Booy stomach. I want her neighbor by her damn heart.


I'm not playing. I want that too. Make the breast. I want everything done for my baby mama and I want Dr. Miami to do it. Damn right. I want a discount too for me signing you out. I want a discount. Fix her up. Fix her upper. Fix her upper. How y'all feeling though man? I'm feeling great. Like I told y'all man, I'm feeling real great. We finna jump into this. Hell no seven today. Yeah let's go get ready for the hell no setting. He knows what he he Man. Somebody hit me up.


Say Bubba do man would you be a storm chaser? Hell no. Like motherfucker, I'm like chasing no mother storm. What you mean a storm? You mean chasing tornado Earthquake. How can you chase earthquake? You gonna know when it's gonna happen and you mean Tim me Chase. Shit I'm not doing hurricane. Yeah nigga start thunderstorming. I'm I'm shit. I'm cutting off all the, I'm getting nigga. Damn I'm not chasing no white people. Y'all started. No I white people but y'all started this shit. You started this storm chasing shit. Getting fascinated. Look at the tornado where it swirled. I wanna be involved Then you go up there and get sucked in there. My will never see you again.


Now we having a a a a vi funeral for your ass Steve. See them damn storms alone. You going to get enough chasing them damn strong. They God do what he do. Y'all too damn nosy for me. Y'all too. Damn. Y'all know y'all watching the show. He like you not lying man. Because I know I knows black people. We do some crazy shit. We do what we, I seen people in their pocket going to a store and steal. What you do it? Hell no. Not stealing shit. First of all I ain't, I ain't, I ain't trying to go jail.


That why I ain't stealing. I say black And, we we do crazy shit. What the shit y'all do? I I know shit. You see 50 sharks 50. You wanna know what they behavior will be if a human get in the motherfucker, you know the answer. Death is the motherfucker answer. Getting in there with a damn shark white people. I want white people get in the damn ocean with 50 sharks and so that y'all question that's hell no for me. Now some of y'all y'all y'all y'all like fighting with death.


Y'all like flirting with death. Y'all really do trust the white people. Y'all, y'all some dangerous motherfucker. I love you because y'all, y'all, y'all y'all get me all the money y'all want. You never tell me no. That's what I like about you and I protect you. That's what I do. Y'all do some crazy shit that that that I can't do and that most black people wouldn't do Like me. I can't swim. You think I'm finna go get in the motherfucking swimming pool? Never. It better be three feet or five feet deep. Other than that I ain't getting, see I got to feel my feet at the bottom. That's why I can't swim. If I can't feel my feet, shit I ain't getting in the damn why It can look good. I have it for decoration. Ain't nobody getting in that damn ball. Shit. Y'all know ain't bullshit. People half of us can't swim.


Some of us can and respect to the people that can. I feel like everybody should know how to swim but I'm one of them so since I'm not one of 'em, you ain't gotta worry about seeing bubble do in no pool. Not going to happen. You ain't gotta worry about seeing bubble no no ocean unless acid, acid or plane grab all that other shit boat. Only way I'm not getting in no damn motion y'all. It's just not gonna happen. You can get me on land. All that. I, I did do something once. I did do something once I went outta space, I'm not going to lie to y'all man. All I was shooting for the moon real talk. I was shooting for the moon but I didn't hit the moon but when I fell, I fell amongst the stars.


Oh yeah that's, that's the attitude you gotta have in life. You got to shoot for the motherfucking moon even though you might not never hit that moon but when you fall you'll fall amongst the stars. Never forget that. Y'all keep digging in your head. Keep that pumping man. I'm gonna tell y'all some real shit. Man. Gotta put that man up there. Put him number one. Put him number one in your life man. You going to, you going to exhale. And I know some people watching man. I don't even believe in God. That's y'all. You ain't gotta believe in God. I'm not going to dislike you. Talk down on you or tell you do that. I'm talking about me. I believe in God. I believe in that man up there Without him I wouldn't be here where I'm at today.


That's my faith. Have I ever seen God? No but I got and they never wave. Never wave. Sometimes people can't believe you in the position you in. Huh? They can't believe you. Long as you can, long as you can see your vision. That's all that matters that he see. Say, say they talk all that he see say talk it don't stop nothing when you blessed by the best. Damn right. I'm not playing with y'all today man. On, on this Monday man. Been a m since I've been home. I've been on the road doing so. Man y'all can catch me this Thursday in Shreveport, Louisiana with 50 cent.


I'm hitting the stage and I'm about to do my mother motherfucking thing. People been pulling up to my shows man. Appreciate it man. Bottom of my heart. I know y'all only get to see so much of me on this internet but in real life you get to get your boy for 45 minutes to a hour raw. I'm talking about raw. We talking about everything. I'm talking my family. I'm y y'all. If you been to my shoulder then you already know how I'm coming and you know I'm coming the right way. When you come in you laugh. You feel good when you leave my show sometimes y'all can go to these shows. I ain't saying no name because that ain't how I am. And and you ain't quite get what you want.


Doug gonna give you what you want. Every mother tired every time. Like I say it's Monday. I know y'all didn't wanna go to work today but you went anyway. Some of you ain't got no damn PTO. You know what I'm saying? Some of you went to work anyway just to get out the house with your girl. I get it. Some of you ain't doing shit playing NCA 25 hour mother boy. So lemme tell y'all something ba I know y'all gonna be able to answer this for me. Even though I know Madden 25 finna come out, I still think NCA 25 gonna be the best football game to come out this year bar none. I'm just saying I think the college game gonna be better than the NFL game man. I feel like they just put so much more into the college than they do the NFL.


But I won't want my gamers to let me know who watched the show who be on both gonna be playing both of 'em. Let me know which game is better and I guarantee you it's NCA double 25. I guarantee you that. And also remember football season cranking up. Y'all is getting close and some of y'all going to the game with me for real, real talk. How can we do that though? Like I say, you got the sure I finna start doing a poll or whatnot. But all you gotta do is sure when I drop. Sure. That's all. I don't care. Copy paste it to 15 your friends. I don't give a, I don't care if they don't like me. I don't give a damn long as you do. Long as you do your part. That's all that matter. They go hand in hand.


Y'all doing that for me. What I'm doing for y'all, I'm gonna fly some of y'all out to games for me. Football, basketball, baseball game. Maybe even hockey but football and basketball for sure. Some of y'all gonna get a chance to fly to the game with me and Kiki with me. We're gonna film it. We going, we going, we gonna have about I guarantee you that. That's my way of giving back to y'all from what y'all giving to me is time sitting down listening to my crazy ass. Listen to me talk about sports the way I talk about sports, the way I see sports and that's what it's all about on this show man. We talk about sports, we talk about the culture, we talk about everything on this show.


Don't take nothing I say for granted on this show. I'm a stand up chameleon first. Never forget that I'm a chameleon entertainer first before y'all get on here man. I can't believe you. Shit. Shut up and laugh and laughing and enjoy your day shit. Hell yeah. Eat a Turkey sandwich or some shit. I'm ready for Thanksgiving. I don't know about y'all but do ready for motherfucking Thanksgiving. I'm going to my aunt house and I ain't bringing nothing with just coming from my damn fart. I'm ready to eat, I'm ready to eat. Damnit do it to me now it's time for you to start doing to them. I ain't, I'm going to eight houses at Thanksgiving. Lord let me see it. I'm gonna eight houses. I'm eating every day on work too. I know when they expecting they see me, they think they figure get some money and and they ain't.


And they ain't getting nothing from me.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. People always say it's good to unwind but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said or at least the same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now. Collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


Imagine Relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business. None of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine ODU ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing. Let ODU harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@od.com. That's o doo.com.


Well how you doing? Thank God blessed us to see another Thanksgiving. What? Damn, I'm gonna go down there and look in them damn pots. Damn chilling. $40 a bucket. Never Mama call me baby. I nigga buy 20 buckets. I be damn. I'm not damn damn than I you want Hell no. Mm. Who eat Chillings Man, y'all let me know. Get in the comedy section right now. Let me know if you eat Chis man. Who in here don't eat pork? Get in the comment section. Let me know right now man. If you going eat pork, I need, I need to get with you 'cause I'm trying to get out meat man.


Real talk. I'm trying to eat better. I'm trying to live a long time. I'm trying to start drinking more water. What? Coco No water, whatever it is to get healthy. That's what I'm willing to do. Hopefully y'all willing to do the same thing right now. But if you just not tuning into the show man. I've been talking about the boxing over the weekend. Been talking about Bud Crawford. Ian is really Manager Mall Great fight man. Great atmosphere, soul Out event in la. See you know it's a great thing in LA The gangs was all of them, the Crips with the blood, they was all eating nachos and shit together. It was a beautiful thing to watch Man, I ain't bullshitting. I love to see them, them them gang banging niggas come together and and and Crip walk and blood walk together.


Yeah. I thought Chemistry Lamar was the only one that could bring them together. But that motherfucker from Turkey brought everybody together. Shit I ain't bullshitting everybody would there. Vince Vaughn but he got more bags on his eye than anybody. But see he Stars was in the building. Talked about Martin Koy, the feeding Jerry Anderson. I didn't even talk about Louis Ruiz. That was a big heavyweight matched up them motherfucker down there broke the, broke the ring. How big they was. It was a draw. Ruez man, he just kind of, I don't know man. He's a big guy man. Dude just be eating and eating and eating and eating.


He's better than what than what he performed the other night. But old old boy did great too. He did well I can't lie. He lasted 12 rounds and fight before that. They say he got knocked out in 12 round I got. So I wanna see what he could do as well. While the way at I heard you ain't retiring where you at fam. It's time to come back and do what you do best. Hopefully you done got with a trainer to help you. Bobby Weave a little bit on your one more last hoorah you got. I like Wilder. I talk shit about Wilder but I like Wilder man. It's all love with all these players. I don't know these people. I'm getting sure to motivate them in any kind of way I can. And that's what it's about motivation man.


It's a different kind of motivation though. But I'm gonna give it to you 'cause like I said, I don't know these people personally but, but I know greatness when I see it and when I don't see greatness. Damn. And I'm gonna talk about it and y'all should do it. Well some of y'all be at work and you know, you know y'all be having an attitude. I don't give a damn. I ain't affecting me. I don't give a damn. It should. If you see a coworker bullshitting, get on his ass and let him know hey fam you bullshitting now I don't, you know what I'm saying? You can do what you do but now you bullshitting now we ain't gonna have that. You gonna be doing horse plan all that at the job. Get hurt now you want workers' comp now we ain't doing all that shit now. I can't take off from work 'cause your ass out. Hell no. You coming to work. You straighten up. You do what you wanna do but damnit you going, you gonna, you gonna do, you gonna go by these rules.


They hated me at Walmart. I was a supervisor. I come through, everybody get right. Shit. I tell on my own damn boss I don't bullshit. I go to human resource on any damn body. True story they gonna fire me. But guess what I did. I went to Human Resources and told them that my boss was trying to touch on me. Shit. I ain't lying. Come here Had an investigation on his head. Shit. I got paid for a whole year before they ended up laying me off. I'm not bullshitting. I'm I'm, I'm dirty like that Doug. You did what? They were gonna fire me and I went to Human Resources and told them that my boss was trying to touch on me sexually. Shit they looked into that shit.


It took 'em a whole year to find out. It wasn't nothing but I guess what I done got a whole year of pay. Damn. Fuck me. I'm gonna win every time. I'm gonna win TRASHH other day going to pit bull crew. TRASHH. I don't wanna hear your name no motherfucking no and no big match. What? Go fight Devin. You want revenge Damn go of you. I wanna see Devin hanging and pit bull crew fight. That's what I want. See and don't, I don't wanna hear all that. I don't wanna fight him because he gonna run. No it look like you need to fight somebody to run because Jose VI was on your head like back pockets.


They said they were hanging glass, broken glass out in the road and they're like damn about those was upset. They put all that money on people. Everybody did. Didn't nobody see this shit coming. Didn't nobody see this coming But Jose Vuelo, I'm proud of you family. You did what you supposed to. Even though you look like Doc River. So Officer River, I'm, I can't say it enough. I'm proud of that guy man. That guy one of none. 'cause you know I called Tank Track, I mean not Tank. I called Crew TRASHH you know even though he's not TRASHH but the performance other night was TRASHH because that was supposed to been a set up fight to even get back in the running with the rematch for Tank. But that ain't happening fam.


I'm sorry Pit Bull. That ain't happening. My Mexican people, y'all gonna have to rally behind Jose Venezuela now y y'all, I mean y'all still got Canelo old ass. He ducking and diving. Canelo don't wanna fight nobody good. He don't wanna fight nobody. Motherfucker good. He ducking and and first name my message friend on same way Mayweather do no before whoop Canelo 36 30 said whooped him, whooped his mother and it wasn't close either. Like B fight was, it wasn't no damn eight to four or 75. 4 1 9 rounds to 3 9 3. And I'm being generous with the three.


I'm being generous with the three today and y'all know it.


Watching this show, this shit you already know it being presented by prize picks. That's right. Going download the number one sports betting fantasy app that is right now Prize picks use my promo code TRASHH. Yep with the two Hs. TRASHH going download it right now. Well duh then you know right now first time users they gonna give you a hundred dollars that they match. You put a hundred in, they gimme a hundred, you put 50, they gonna put 50 either way. Only way you gonna win if you gonna play Real talk now look at him got football coming up. They got baseball right now at the WNBA right now. Then the things that you can play on right now. Baseball, they probably got my boy osha. Your Tony right now slate to have one and a half home run. All you gotta do is put more or less. What you mean Doug? One and a half home Run. That's how I mean say that he might have, you know what I'm saying? So either more less so either you think he going to get one or he might think he might get two so you get put more or less. That's all something real simple like 10 to $15 that you could play to win you $1,500 over there with prize picks. And think about prize kick when you, when you prize pick, when you put your email in, your location in, it's gonna let you know whether you be able to play or not in your state. That's the beautiful thing about, lemme know I gonna warn my first share over there and you can win your first share too. What women do. What about Angel Re Well they might have baby girl slate to have eight rebounds. You either put more less scholar did it might have her down for five assists more or less. You get where I'm going with this more or less. Ain't nothing else. That's when you, when you look on your app on your phone and Pride pick you look at it, it's going to have more or less going down low pride pick right now. Use my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs. Let's get to it man.


Hopefully y'all enjoyed this show today man because man we had a hell of a weekend a number, some great ass boxing. I seen a man get knocked out with a street straight jab but Cole got the strength of Samsung in the damn Bible. I know I'm not bullshit. And he called him a little boy too. He's a little boy. You ain't lying. Who gonna say something to him? Jared didn't say a motherfucking thing after the interview. He was humble in that interview. Old boy was over there talking about they were replaying the fight. How he knocking him out? Jared is over again. Ain't nothing you could say but the professionalism that Jerry Anderson showed, I wish other professional athletes would show it. Even though the man got beat in front of thousands of people.


He hit his head high. Walked out there like a man. I'm going back to the gym, I'm going back to get it right. That's all. That's what it's all about. It's all about getting it right. I've been now there's been times I done went in the bedroom and perform. I can do the job I need to do. I'm on the edge of the bed with my church socks on. She pat me on my back, it's gonna be okay. Get off me. Who about all these motherfucking honey pack. The reason why I couldn't perform the way I needed to 'cause there wasn't no damn hundred packs in the damn stores. Two days later they re out. I went in, I went in that gimme them.


Which one that be 700 out on. Cast them out now I got six months. Surprise right now. I'm big PO calling right now from Honey Pack. You ain't getting fam? Hell no. You might have been the greatest on the field. I'm the greatest in the bed giving them holes a thrill. Come here come. I'm on fire today. I'm not bullshit. I miss y'all man. I don't know where y'all been when y'all been buying school clothes? Where y'all been on vacation? I know I miss you because the views ain't there. Light. I mean where my people at man. I had to think man people, people got alive outside of getting on this YouTube and doing what they do.


They gonna get back to you bubble. But they, they got barbecuing. Some of y'all out there stealing. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying some of, I don't understand why some of y'all, some of y'all like to steal it. Stop it. I wish there was another country where you get caught stealing and get your hands cut off. They'll stop all that stealing shit. Real talk man. Stop stealing man and stop lying. You ain't got it. You ain't got it. Stop it. When you women keep showing up to them motherfucking bus stops in them schools and them little ass shows. And we can't. And some of you ain't even getting waxes, some of you getting lasers. Come on. Duh. Finding out what's going on now when I'm looking at them fine things girl, that's a laser, a wax real tall.


A lot of you women getting lasers and I love it but I can tell, I can tell Razor bump from waxes to lasers now and I must admit I like them lasers, shit hurt like hell but it work and it's effective so when I go down there eat that seafood gumbo just like I like it in New Orleans. Come on. Come on. They told you do got them call today. I'm not bullshit. You come on my show. Believe that And we gonna get back together too. Letting y'all come on here and do I want y'all to gimme y'all picks y'all NFL picks. Keep in mind I'm gonna get let y'all do y'all NFL picks on this show but yeah man do accepting the game up de Card man.


Thanks to y'all. I'm not shit. I'm feeling good D Day birthday tomorrow too. Oh your birthday August 6th y'all birthday tomorrow y'all man, y'all gone ahead hit me up. Get me happy birthday. Shout out. I really would appreciate it for my birthday, for me, from y'all, for my birthday. What y'all could do for me, man. Run the numbers up today. Run the numbers up today on this show. Run 'em through a roof. Let the world know bubble do got real fans that love and support and love what you do. Love how he come out here and give his analysts on, on sports, on life. I know y'all been wanting to hear something about Trump and and Ka Harry. Welcome both.


That's how I'm feeling. That's how I'm feeling. Welcome. Both ain't worried about them. I'm worried about us. Everybody that's in tune with me's, who I'm worried about. That's where my love at. That's where my friendship at. It's somebody out there right now watching this show need help. Go out that bank and tell them. Tell 'em I said give it to you. Don't steal. Go around there and tell. I give it to you. Real talk. Remember what I told y'all man? Remember when I told you what Coach Bryan told me? A lot of people, a lot of people man cannot see what you gonna become.


They only see what you used to be. Get away from those people. Get around. Positive people. Get around. People that want to see you succeed. Stop telling your big ideas to small-minded people. Keep that in mind. I see y'all when I see y'all. Thank y'all for watching. The. Bubba, Dub Show over here on the Volume. And. we doing good things. We doing great things on this show. We growing. We ain't in competition with nobody. We only focus on us. You can catch me live on stage because that's where you need to see me at on stage. I'm a dog. August 8th this Thursday when Shreveport, Louisiana at the 50 cent event.


Pull up on your boy. Man. It's going down. I promise you. It is going down and a major way. August 17th. You can catch me in East St. Louis. Yeah, I'm in August 17th. I'm in East St. Louis. Pull up on your boy. August 22nd. August 23rd. Catch me in Oklahoma City at Bricktown Comedy Club. Grab them tickets right now. I'm on on the 22nd. That's the Thursday seven o'clock show. Friday. I'm there. Seven nine Bricktown Comedy Club in Oakland, OKC. The 24th and 25th, I'm in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Bricktown Comedy Club. Pull Up. You need to see me on state. You need to like call the B. Say you need to see this in person. Come see me in person. I see y'all.


When I see y'all. I'm out The Volume.


Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This ad Is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered Investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice.


Hey, Who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There is no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at Careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.