
Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington, dc. How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one. Go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free Pence.


A lot of games all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woo woo. Chba Cheba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chumba life. Visit chiba casino.com. No Purchase necessary V GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or DSW dot com Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities.


Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. The Volume, What it do everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show.


Just got through watching the Rockets in the Golden State game. Great game. But before we even get started, y'all know how I like to do over here. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on over here. Hopefully everybody had a, a great Easter, You know, the day Jesus rose. I've been kind of complex, You know, kind of like today, just about the whole thing about Easter and Annis four 20, You know what I'm saying? We so we, we smoking and thinking about what Jesus died for our sins. And man, I, I don't know man, you can't for me, you can't die in two months. One money died more.


Next money. I don't know no damn more. I don't, I'm confused now. I dunno what's going on no more. I don't know what's going. KC making some motherfucking toothpaste that tastes like chicken. Do y'all see what the fuck going on? KFC is making some motherfucking toothpaste. They say I'm gonna get you Negroes to brush your teeth one way or another. Y'all motherfucker nigga love chicken. I'm gonna make some toothpaste that tastes like chicken fuck outta him. And this still be really nigga brushing they teeth with the KFC toothpaste. Watch, watch.


But back to the game we just got through watching the Rockets. Golden State. Golden State. Pull it off Jalen Green. You ain't, you ain't do nothing tonight. Fa you mean you, you ain't, I mean, is, is is Delle still cooking for you ain't gonna get it Fred VanVleet done took 19 motherfucking shots ain't hit. Ain't your something. You going to have it some nights you going, you not. But as a player, You know when it's not your night. So you need to contribute other way. Okay. Boom, boom, boom.


My side ain't going. I'm gonna get some rebound. I'm gonna get some assists. I'm gonna get some steals. I'm gonna get some blocks. You can do a motherfucking thing tonight to help Ace time. Nothing. And Jabari and what's it Jabari Green fam. Fam you gotta shoot the ball more fam Jabari me my bad junior. You gotta shoot the ball more fam. I mean your team needs you. I know it just game one. Not no reason to panic but I feel like Ace Town played a terrible game tonight. They shot the ball bad and KU goes to Steph. Steph Wino. Jimmy Booger contributed tonight. I know, I'm gonna tell y'all something y'all might not pay attention to tonight.


Cur didn't even play commingle. He had Buddy Hill and Buddy Hill won do a motherfucking thing. So you, you, you so you, you got more trust in Buddy Hill overcome Ain't no damn way but nevertheless Rockets down oh one right now. Oh no need to bang your though. I feel like this series gonna go seven games but shout out to Step tonight. Did what Steph do You know he was gonna have to come back with a Bounceback game from the regular season when they were ding him up. So y'all gotta understand though man. Golden State Championship DNA. Right. No matter what. I know the same players ain't on the team no more, but they still got Steph and Draymond and, and that's all fuck you need.


Right. That's all you need like real talk So Golden State up one. Oh right now y'all already know how I'm feeling. Ah where my mind at? How I'm feeling about these motherfucking Lakers last night they didn't do a motherfucking thing. Yeah I'm mad but I also know that LeBron James, he likes to call it a feel out game be being 100 If you a LeBron fan, if you've been following LeBron James over the years game ones, he really ain't really just gave a damn about and but, but for me as a 40-year-old as a legal, the team go as you go. You come out playing south, the team gonna fucking play south. And that's what they did the other night.


I'm still pissed off behind that game man. And some things I wanna break down in that game. Do y'all understand Minnesota hit 21 motherfucking threes? Do y'all really think Minnesota going to hit 21 threes again? N y'all think McDaniel's gonna go nine for 11 again? N that shit ain't gonna happen. Look I'm gonna give credit and credit words. Do they hit they motherfucking shots? Lakers didn't hit they shots. Let me break it down to it. Ru played 30 minutes, y'all 30 minutes, nine motherfucking points nigga you should have stayed in the bed. Jackson Hayes you play 36 minutes. One motherfucking point.


How you get wake up, work out, eat, go back home, smoke with your girl, get your son get dressed up baby I'm finna go out here and score one point. Who does? That shit couldn't, wouldn't it be something that we made a machine that we could put on you and and and it could dictate or determine how many points you gonna score at night. So if I put a machine onto to you and and it tell me you ain't gonna gimme what seven points a night motherfucker you ain't playing make look fucking terrible the other night. And I do mean terrible and I'm not making no damn excuses for those niggas but I know one thing.


Them damn dispensaries better not sell those niggas nothing in here. Lu the only one that came the ball the other night. He ain't playing no motherfucker defense though. And I love Luca. He gonna give you all the outfits in the world but he ain't finna play no damn dick fan. Move your goddamn feet boy. How long is to get? Move your feet, move your feet. You can't do none of that but you can walk your ass to that goddamn refrigerator. Two three in the goddamn morning snacking. That's what's wrong with the goddamn world now. Them damn snacks. You nigga needs a meal der be 14,000,002 point Vincent two got 5,000,003 motherfucking points.


That's all you can give me three goddamn points pad time. You wanna walk in there clapping and going on like everything. All right nigga I'm your ass and I blame 40 a night. You on the motherfucking floor. I'm blaming bru. You gotta set the tone Pam. And I know it's game one but that's illegal. You go in the locker room and you tell him motherfucker me and Luca are getting y'all open shots, hit your motherfucking shots. If you going hit your shots you won't be here next year. Nick rule that house you talking about they built no you gonna be playing full of finger son.


That your nigga, if you gonna start hitting them shots I ride. Lakers just didn't shoot the ball. They well Lakers shot the ball. What 39%? I mean they shot the ball 51%. They was just on fire from the three point line. Sometime when you play teams that's just what it is. Like they gonna be on fire. Ain't nothing you can do but for me it's all about the effort. It's it's, it's all about communication out on the court and that just wasn't third game one. Pretty sure it's like LeBron say just game one just to fill out game. I know game two. I know game too. You motherfucker better go and get it.


I better go and get it done. Game two you gonna going up there, you gonna do that. You gonna wanna get in man the the, the notion that he got you because they young motherfucker gonna come out bowling and nothing in everything. Let's see. Hey man don't give a, if you got a young man who says I don't give a damn, I'm gonna give you the money. I don't want to be in the child life. That's a dangerous motherfucker. Some can get mad but that's a dangerous motherfucker. You can't him can't a nigga like that ain't nothing in that goddamn damn thing.


Kind remind me of myself. Yeah but I'm nothing in gel's. Them old can't have no motherfucking kids. That's the only difference between me and man we both but he getting them pregnant. I'm not, I'm nothing getting out the bed. I'm gonna buy my feet now I'm you a pop come so yeah mama said yes down oh one. I don't like, You know I like the win. You know I like to talk shit but I gotta be a realist on this show. The down oh one's not the end of the world. LeBron done been down oh one couple times and still won the series. Now what I'm thinking game two they gonna be a little bit more focused.


They gonna be a little bit more physical Game two, I look for the Lakers to come out and get a lead early in game two and just coast all the way to victory. That's just the way I see it. Vincent the play Brother Theny Smithville play better Jackson Hayes or motherfucking play, everybody will play be in game two and it gets simple as that. But it's the playoffs though. Y'all like hey this exciting time right now in the NBA right now and I'm just thankful that I can just sit back and watch the game and enjoy and and just enjoy what I'm seeing from an Mann. Like I say You know he took, he took the math Laster, You know took a brink and he right back again he don't have court at the town no more.


He got brown head gasket Julius round over there. But nevertheless this gonna be a good series. I see this series going six games with the Lakers. That's just what I'm seeing. I'm seeing the Wolves fans in the coming man Wolves and fire. Okay motherfucker keep thinking that if you think the Tim Minnesota, Tim Wolfs gonna beat the Lakers in five. I'm telling you right now you on power. You on power because don't think Luca ain't gonna come back out gang too and score Fody again. White boy got fired and this goddamn high when a white boy got fired this high. You Think you in trouble if you make up and the Indians come here this Uck man no I want it white man.


I smoke your ass. Don't you think Luke ain't paying attention to what's going on. 20 hit the crib, got his Durag on, got his Johnny Dang grill in, got his ice on. He's smoking big. Him and Bru in right now. Come get y'all ain't know Ru that shit ain. They gotta up on Journey shit. So as a Laker fan, if y'all watch tonight, I'm not concerned not one bit. Now we go down oh two gonna be some motherfucking problem but right now I'm not concerned about what went on in game one. I was just a little upset how LeBron came out didn't take a shot.


I mean didn't make, didn't score a basket in the first quarter. I didn't like that. I like this like it's like as a league, your other team like man LeBron ain't even really going all out so shit. I guess I ain't either like you can't have that, you gotta have it in the mentality of all the players like bro we balling out tonight no matter what Balls took a while, I'm getting the rebound, you setting screens and I'm gonna get to assist. No I'm gonna get the points or or You know it it gotta be some motherfucking communication going on in the gym And I think I like JJ Redick as a coach. I feel like he would have them boys ready for game two. It'll be a different ball game. Game two might still be a close game but I still got the Lakers beating the Mingle Silver Timberwolves Tuesday night.


Y'all talk to me, let me know what y'all think from y'all observations of the first game. But that just what I seen and, and and and my observation of it but switching, switching over right now. I seen the, the bucks, bucks lost to the Pacers. Youngest had 36. He was the only one doing something. No, nobody else on the books dig a motherfucking thing. Damn you on the bench, you ain't playing, you talking shit. Shut up nigga you shut your ass up until you get back in uniform because they got to deal with Holler Burton over there. You don't, I hate instigators.


I feel like they ain't a instigator. God damnit real tall ain't no difference between me and my homeboy. God damnit me and this dude was supposed to fight. I ain't really want to fight my heart about to jump out my motherfucking jet. I ain't really wrote it but my partner like, You know what I'm saying? Everybody like, man y'all gonna do that. In my mind I'm like yeah, let's not do it. But my partner now they got to get it on Hush. I don't get out here and tus, I mean I, You know I I'm gonna argue fight, but I don't really wanna physically fight my partner now y'all now, now I don't let him get it out this way.


I don't wanna get it out the way. Do everybody, I wasn't born like you were born. Do you been fighting ever since you were 12 years old nigga? I had, You know, I ain't had to go through all that damn. I was in church every Sunday man. I ain't, I ain't this, this ain't my culture. I I I really watch Boys in the hood. Come on man. We always don't have them instigator and my partner with one no motherfuckers man. That's why he in jail right now. My partner in jail right now because he was that type of, I seen it a long time ago, You know what I'm saying? But the, the the teacher saw it. They told me you gonna need to be hanging with him.


He bad news. He ain't going to never be nothing in life and and if you hanging with him you gonna go right down with him. They was right that teacher at that school, she had a eye for shit like this and she saw it in my part, my homeboy, she saw it and she wasn't lying man. And I bumped into Ms. Mason at the store and I gave her a hug and I, and I just want, I just told her thank you because you saved my life man. Because my partner ain't shit. He wasn't going to never be shit. And, and and and and I told his baby mamas that before they even had kids by this si motherfucker that he wasn't gonna be shit.


I told him, oh man, I, I predicted, I tried to tell him now ain come to me. Yeah you right. I and You know I said I should just gave you something. No trying to double back never. Bitch I don't want you, when you 40 pounds, you two 30. I can't do nothing with you. Look at me, shit, I can't hold you two 30. That's a goddamn bull constrictor. I'm a goddamn grass stink. I can't handle no bull constrictor. That's how women do you though.


Just like my baby mama jumping on line. I'm healing y'all. I'm I'm working on me. Hey Ms. Key my car last night, do you hear me? She key my mother okay car last night and I dunno who told her I'm rich, I'm broke. That's the internet. These ain't even my same, my purple shirt, my homeboy shirt being jumping online. I got two or three jobs. I don't need no nigga but you begging me for goddamn gas money though. I got the messages making memes and everything and all that. But in my messenger you ain't fucking changed yet.


You a dirty evil mother and I'm sick of the internet dragging me acting like B Dub ain't a good man bubble Dub ain't a good friend. Bba do ain't a good father. I'm sick of it. Time I go out man you need to be doing this and that. I go how You know I aint, how You know I ain't now I made a comment the other day about how y'all were running y'all ass together to church house on Easter. But the whole time I was talking about my damn self, I was in church today. Come here clean, they gonna jail.


Y'all know y'all see me? I, I gave everybody in church today a goddamn hug. I want them to see me y'all James. How y I thought they were you and and it didn't mean I got here early. I was in the front row. Right. I wanted to be seen went passed the playground. I pulled out a knot too. Yeah come it looked like I had $10,000 but it wasn't number 375. Come here, come them Easter.


It's time to show out. It's time to be seen baby. Yeah I know how we are black people. We ain't never had nothing. Shit. When we get a little something we gonna show it out. We want the world with no God damnit ain just like no different from some of y'all niggas working at your job working hard. You go out there and get you a new car then you go when you drive. You can't wait to get to work the next day. You go first motherfucker at work. You normally the last one. But when you got the new car, got your new truck, you want everybody to see you come. Yeah, it's okay. You wanna be seen. It's the way of the world baby. Ain't nobody, they don't say nowhere in the Bible where they say you you ain't, you ain't, you ain't supposed to feel good man.


Say enjoy the fruits of your label. That's what you doing. I don't see no problem with sometime at these jobs man. You go and get you a new car, you peep at your job store hating on you. Now they're cutting your hours back. Now they writing you up for this and that. You know I ain't lying to you. There's some niggas write nothing. The one that got a new car and the job store hating on them or even lay them off. Sometimes you got to go and get that new car. Believe you got the house. Don't drive that motherfucker go what? Let them talk. I seen a little C car like that now man. It's my people call the whole time is yours. Sometimes you got to keep shit to yourself.


People don't want see you doing better than them. Damn Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com.


I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void VO. Were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Catch the new Hulu original comedy mid-century modern from the creators of Will and Grace, executive producer Ryan Murphy and director James Burrows. When three best friends move in together, Palm Springs will never be the same bunny. Jerry and Arthur are already close friends but when they decide to live together, it's a new chapter with a new family.


And speaking of family, don't forget Bunny's mom, Sybil who's along for the ride. Whether it's a trip to Fire Island or a local congresswoman with a wild side. These roomies know how to do it with style. They're fun, they're fabulous, and they're turning life's lemons into spiked lemonade. So shake up a batch of cocktails, relax by the pool and get ready for some serious shade. A new comedy with Heart, soul, and SAS Mid-century modern Stars. Nathan Lane, Matt Bower, Nathan Lee Graham and Linda Lavin. All episodes of Mid-Century Modern are now streaming on Hulu. Waiting for the best deals. Spring Black Friday savings are here. Shop early access now@blinds.com and save big on new custom window treatments@blinds.com.


Shopping online for custom window treatments doesn't mean sacrificing on service selection or style as the number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com has hundreds of options to fit any decor and budget. Choose from stylish roller or bamboo shades, blackout options and more. We even have motorized shades for your patio, DIY or let our experts handle the heavy lifting blinds.com has you covered with free virtual consultations. We'll even send a pro to do the measure and install. Try before you buy with free samples delivered to your door. With over 25 million windows covered every orders backed with blinds dot com's, 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com Spring black Friday early access now for up to 40% off with minimum purchase plus a free measure.


Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply. Okay, you have some real shit here tonight man. I'm not going to lie to y'all man. I'm just telling y'all about the shit that's going on in my life each and every day. Ain't I'm sick of y'all, I'm in my motherfucker breaking point. I'm sick of my baby. I'm they picking at me man. They they, they su at me man. You know what I'm saying? They're calling up to my child telling these motherfuckers I'm doing this and that and telling I'm running these hoes in and outta my house. I ain't doing that. I'm not running no motherfucking ho, none of that. But that's what, that's the wound, You know that's the wound.


Me, I'm a father. I got girls and I'm running no hoes I don't deal with, I don't but I just wanted to get the guy off my chest tonight how I'm feeling. Let's get back to the sports game. Denver Nuggets to fix the LA Clippers by two the other night Jamon Murray was back. Good game by the way. Good game by the way. James Harden look good. I know I kind of been down on James Harden throughout the years but he just been jokes. But James Harden stepped up the other night. Russell Westbrook definitely stepped up, hit the big three, singing the overtime.


I got that series going. Seven Games, Clippers and Nuggets. I got going seven games, Kawhi balling out it just the Denver just different to me and, and as if they ain't the same team as they won the championship. Of course they had Caldwell Pope and a couple more guys on their team but they just ain't the same team for me. I can really see the Clippers wing in this series and seven i, I don't know how y'all are feeling but I can see the Clippers winging this area against the Nuggets and set. I really do the penetration of Pauls of James Harden getting into the hole creating only for himself and others respect Power have a battle game then he had those day.


It's just gonna be a good series though. But I see it going seven. Y'all let me know how y'all see your series going between the Nuggets and the Clippers. You know I'm really pissed off at the other game today. I seen in the West. I know y'all watched this bullshit ass game. The the the, the Thunder played a JV team in the fucking Grizzlies. They lost by 51 motherfucking Elvis rolling over in this damn green right now. Y'all lost by 51. All that motherfucker fighting in the play to get her and lose by 51 Goddamn point. Ja, I'm you start motherfuckers Ja Ja motherfucker us all because you didn't play Wolf.


Damn. Bain didn't play w damn Jackson didn't play W damn it's Oklahoma. God Oklahoma much better than y'all. I wanna know I'm gonna kill myself in motherfucker's Oklahoma that much better than y'all. I wanna know. Ain't no way a NBA team 51 Mother Points literally blew all my motherfucking picks. That's what I'm really mad about to be on. Blew all my motherfucking picks and they blow out ass names. Same way with the self.


Yeah. I'm so motherfucking frustrated man. These these blowout ass gang we we pushing for a play in to get these certain teams in and these motherfuckers don don't even need to be in Jason. Jason Tatum look like trash today. Be the best player in the motherfucker. No Jalen, Jalen Brown done cut his hair off Cash. Motherfucker can't throw 20 points no damn mo y'all know ain't lying. Jalen Brown ain't been the same since he cut his motherfucking hair. They got PRI going off over there.


They got Ope Uhuh or what's his name? David Michael over got going off everybody on Boston ball. Bullshit. Bullshit as teams just in the M way if you ask me these teams are just in the way. They ain't doing shit Man. If you watching this show niggas being presented by Pride speech Man down on the right scan that boy code put in my promo code trash with the two Hs. Man you put $5 in, they gonna give you $50 real talk more or less on your favorite player.


So if you got, you like take them and they got take them down for 23 points. You either put more or less they might have Draymond Green for four and a half assists more or less. They might have carried down for four or four and a half threes more or less. That's all. It ain't that hard. But if you gonna do it, do it with my promo code if you ain't already done it Dre. If you can't watch my show and you only just want to listen to it 'cause you at your job and You know what I'm saying, you gotta put your headphones on. Go to Apple podcast, go to Spotify, type in the bubble do show man stop bullshitting man. And let's get to and let's get, let's get to this money, let's get to the motherfucking money because Trump in office right now sitting little iffy.


It ain't the same as we thought it was. We been bamboozled but we still gonna give this orange chicken motherfucker some time. But my grandma ain't got time right now. My grandma wore black air forces to church today. I said grandma it's Easter where I dressed. I'm wearing black air. Air Force one baby because the preacher might want lock them doors. I'm gonna fight my way out this shit now y'all see what things done come to my grandma wearing black air forces to church because she say she feel like the pastor might lock them doors. She going to fight her way out. I can't even be mad at granny. Like I say they Easter I followed up in church clean than a motherfucker my pastor had on a custom made necklace.


Made by who? Chung Dang. And Pen said big now if I'm lying down that's what it said. He pen said big money when I walked in there that motherfucker seen me. I lit up like money. Yeah, yeah money. Money. Yeah. No motherfucker, I'm not donating no more for you and the first lady to go on vacation. You better call Johnny Dang boy. Nip maybe I might be hating.


I'm sorry y'all might be hate. Ain't no way my pastor supposed to have a gold custom necklace. I young dang that necklace 30,000 independence said big money and that motherfucker was smoke. Do you hear me? I'm talking about sparkling and all the women in the church including my grandma had eyes on the bow. That nigga was glowing ow that nigga was glow but the spirit came over me and I went after church. I went to the first lady and told her God ain't pleased with your husband.


He making the mockery out of God. Ain't no way aint nigga be wearing that kind of jewelry at church and I'm hungry and stuff. I got yeah pastor come on up here to the hospital. I got somebody that need prayer. Well come in there, come here. I nigga You know my mama and grandpa nigga I what? I choke the dog shit out pastor now I'm not playing that just what we gonna come to these days And that's just what I'm on right now man. I wanted to be the only one in church today. No lie. I want to be the only one in the sign.


But the pastor had other plans when I went in there. He was already in that motherfucker sign up chain on diamonds and ring and everything. Had his nails done. Shit past that going on. I just see the 100 nigga fly. Nigga fly new car. Yeah one of them. Yeah. Yeah. Cadillac brand new. Yep 2025 Camille. Damn that should be me rolling up like that but it ain't, I know my time gonna come so I'm not going, You know really. You know what I'm saying, it gets really harp on it too much. I know my time gonna come for me to have that pastoring thing right now. Go boy. I'm not bullshitting and You know me, I am.


I'm not putting in, I'm not putting that kind no big money in the church. Like I said I put a 3 75, I'm not putting no more in there no more than now. Hell no m not gonna do it. Y'all let me know if I'm right or wrong or by me not contributing to the church no more because my pastor out here shining hard than the more Yeah I see me and y'all got pissed the series too. I watch that game too. The Knicks won that game just to piss us. It was a good game for the simple fact. But K Cunningham, You know what's that dude that got from Toronto with Nicks a newbie, however you say his name.


He had played gr great defense on K Cunningham. K Cunningham didn't really gig off like he should got go. I mean Tobias Harris, You know anytime Tobias Harris is your leading score, you're not going fucking win. I'm sorry, I like Tobias Harry A. Good dude but that ain't nobody that y'all want as your leading score but I, I can see the Detroit Pistons coming back tomorrow and tying that game up in New York. But it just depends because tomorrow cat might be on Yeah a big slew foot of cats might be on tomorrow and then then then Robinson might be on like they they got a squad up there in New York now gonna get twisted. They feeling good in New York right now.


No motherfucking rats just had a wedding and shit. Man me tell you them them rats just had the coldest motherfucking wedding in the world up there. Up there and goddamn in New York and one of them skyscraper nigga it was a Louis Vuitton wedding. Do you hear me? A Louis Vuitton wedding by them damn rats y don't estimate New York. And they rats them rats them niggas power was up there Be real tall before them niggas wake up in the morning they let them rats pissing they timber folks I'm not over shitting you. That's why them nigga be rapping like that all day and good and shit. I'm telling you them rats be pissing in them niggas Timbers was so goddamn cold pissing his talk and them Italians see you them rats from pissing in them goddamn loaf as you and goddamn them Italians were going straight to work.


They come here goddamn had to have it come here there he he whacked the boss come here Meanwhile y'all niggas can't go and get a goddamn job. These niggas were whacking boxes. Y'all can't get a goddamn job. Some you don't want no job. Why? Because you wanna watch your girl every day. I don't want no goddamn woman. I gotta watch niggas losing weight 'cause you trying to watch that motherfucker buckle. Yeah y'all men done lost your way. Real men go to work. You niggas letting them women go to work now you had tore letting her go out no cando.


So when she leave you have nothing. That's why some of you men like rocking with women who got their own housing and shit. You can, you can move in. How you gonna move into this girl's spot and then all of a sudden this short spot now, now y'all been getting over on these women and you tell me you women a dumb DA motherfucker. This nigga mama didn't want him. Dagg didn't want him and you gonna bring this crazy durra in here. This nigga was on Redling in school. This nigga hypo, this nigga got this whole motherfucking so this nigga you wanna get some No I blame you hoes for laying up with these ing taking medicine to add niggas who goddamn damn hypo can't sit down unless they take some medicine.


I blame y'all Y tell me I'm lying. Tell me I'm lying the nigga you giving let's see two take lin medicine with Dr. Pepper. Do you hear me? This the nigga you fell in love with then you want to get on ain. Nothing lie. I prayed to God for my man. No you didn't Pray to the devil. That's who you pray to. You pray to the motherfucking devil we being bamboozling in the world. I know you seen all these motherfucking famous people Gail King them man I'm going I done spade miss shut up lying.


You ain't with no goddamn wealth. Her wasn't done for one. Everybody know black woman ain't going nowhere with God. They goddamn her done and gay. Her hair wasn't done. No lying ain't going on. How y'all gonna stop lying to us? Only when you motherfucker get in y'all eighties and and walk like you got two BA left hips then you wanna come out and act like you really for you ain't for us, you fucking and we see it and we won't be fooled or bamboos or no motherfucking my eyes woke now I can see now. Yeah I can see clearly now I know bullshit. When I see bullshit and y'all see it too.


Don't let these motherfuckers get away with this shit we ain't doing. They like to suppress the real, they don't like for the truth to get out. They try to suppress it and and poke holes in the truth and you can't poke holes in the truth. The truth is the truth nigga it will set your ass free. Do you hear me? It will set your ass free. I been laying low couple days. Yeah I have. I've been no Roger home I been in No but I I got a plan in effect right now and I know come next week that motherfucker will be right back in jail again And guess who gonna be back on top.


I saw you. How skin a fish knew Camille? I sold you how to skin a fish. I'm just telling y'all the truth. Y'all open your eyes man. Open your eyes and see and you can see what's going on out here in this world. I've been telling y'all for the last two or three months Stack your money. It's gonna get bad out here. Stack your money. It's gonna get bad out here. Any questions for me tonight? Let's talk man. I ain't got shit to do. Let's talk. Right. The NBA game got me up. I'm wired up. Cavaliers won tonight. Two shout out to the Cs.


You know he y'all might get one y'all fuck around might get one game Miami but the Cavs is on another level right now. Orlando, you might get one just boss you might make sure I love you get death but you Orlando, Orlando ain't nothing man. Y'all couldn't win shit with Shaq. Y'all couldn't win shit with Howard got the man sure wrote you get your ass outta Orlando like she didn't the word dead didn't the world is dead. All that fake may believe Universal and all that shit dead.


You could build your own did in the world. You could build your own studio. Ty Tyler Perry sold us that Tyler Perry changed the game. What we do, we talk about him or he they he putting on dresses that motherfucker done put billions in this account. He can make other people millionaires. We our own words we talk about everybody we fucking see Tyler Gay. That motherfucker brilliant. Do you hear me? That motherfucker brilliant. All I been seeing hearing I went to go see that movie cna.


You ain't went to go see your mama. She been looking for you for two goddamn weeks. Your mama needs some help. Y'all won't even go down there and see your own goddamn mama but you'll run down there and see the movie. Who do that? Who do that? You niggas backwards nigga got a hundred dollars in their pocket but want to run down there and watch a movie bitch, sit fight get you a fire stick and watch it for free. That's what you could be doing. We backwards.


We backwards. I ain't just talking about job, I'm talking about myself because I give a hoe some money before I give my mama some money. Course fuck shit. I need help. I need therapy. I've been telling y'all I need help. I give a hoe my mama call me baby. I need some money. Ain't got it. I damn every who I who I look like every time I look around y'all call and ask me for money. I that's I'm back. I apologize mama. I apologize. I have so, so much love to them Ho than you. I'm sorry. I am truly sorry.


Forgive me your baby boy forgive me but pretty holes with big booties and eyeglasses is something that I love. And if you can't understand that, blah I'm me, I'm in it. Mama Cougars done hit me up y'all. Oh yeah Mama Coger gonna hit me up talking my, she talking about selling her house and she want to move in with me. Hell no don't two motherfucking noses for me. Who that text who that calling you? None of your motherfuck hit me.


Me. I told you all that shit you like do you can do it at your shit. You can't come over here and do none of that. When you come over here, you take that God slip off and get in their bed and watch me go to work. Well you ain't, you ain't gonna tell y'all something. The most beautiful thing in the world beside my two dogs and watching Barber in take that goddamn slip off when she take that goddamn slip off y'all, I go in there and get that Dly oil. My bad. I mean Johnson Johnson oil rub all over her motherfucking body. She look like a goddamn baby seal out there in the ocean.


And I'm the goddamn awkward I'm killer. I signed no real good. I looking real good. You know more women You know, You know you can't wrestle. You know them hos like Rs like to be pa you can't take go whole fast and get in there and take a clothes off. You got to take your time with this old motherfucker pimp. So I gotta chicken develop and I rub that chicken fella down. Her body got a teeth. You know old women, they got them TERs when they take that bra off them whole and when them motherfucker, when she dropping them t drop like there I get, I jump, I suck on, oh I suck on that woman TERs like I'm 10.


Do you hear me? Like I'm tasing and I gotta admit I'm, I gotta be honest with y'all and I want y'all to listen to me. Listen to me real good. I took one of them motherfucking roast bar. Oh my god. I don't go sell min no motherfucking mo. Not with that roast bar. I was gonna sell minutes for one of them gas station pills. But now that I took that ro bar, I'm not selling minutes. No motherfucker mo never. I'm 13 minutes. I'm 13 and I empty. Look come here after I get done. Woo. I wash up. She wash up. She put us off on, she thinks he going to bed.


No you're not round. Come here now. She's second guessing by coming over here. God damn. Mike you come over through here. I'm touching your ass. Yeah Rick bro. Boy. Touching you. Touching you. Yeah, I'm yeah I know your husband dead. Pat gone. He ain't here no more. Come here. That thing down there still working. I'm on Jozy. How y'all feeling man? Y'all talk to me man. Y'all enjoying this show man. Y'all enjoying these playoffs man. We, we, we, we we got man y'all talk to dub tonight man. I'm, You know what I'm saying?


Ho ho trying to move in. Ain't let move in. She come move in. She gonna be trying to take over and shit. I can't have all that. I like, I like the way things is now around here. I don't like all that structure and shit. That's why I quit school. I don't like no motherfucker trying to tell me what to do. I don't like it. I don't like structure. I like to do shit the way I like to do shit. I got weed, You know I got beer here and y'all four 20 I'm trying to celebrate. I got a little seven grand, You know what I'm saying? I got a little seven grand, You know what I'm saying? You got that on the table. Seven. I smoke you don't let me smoke in smoke outside first. This not shit. Now when I'm smoking in up in you, you like it then but now you gonna like that.


I smoke. Stop it barbering stop it now. My little young ho she come over here, I got a seven take, she gonna 3.5. I'm gonna give it to her. I lemme tell you something dumb young motherfuckers by 27, bad bitch come on bad. I'm not bullshitting y'all no motherfucking, I pay that bitch phone bill a real coke. It work forever. Long as you call me. I pay a phone bill aint extra dollar come here. She like it too. She ain't got the ass fucking 80 as soon she look got cash out. I saw her face. I can fuck with you. I know you can. We gonna this real play, I'm gonna keep that motherfucking $80 on that phone every month.


You ain't got real that you can come over here and do what you been doing because last two times you can showed your motherfucking ass that damn nigga took you down there to that Mexican car light and got you something. But, but I done done that before the other female and it didn't work out so I'm gonna take my time with this young motherfucker, You know. But she bad. She wearing them tight and you gone God. Oh Lord, how mercy on me. I be asking God forgive me. I ain't seen it yet. Lord forgive me because I'm gonna go down through that. Gonna go down through down. Believe that. Yeah that's too, it's in me.


It's in my plug baby. Yeah, that's the gift. Yeah. From the back. Come here real tall. Hold it up right down. Come here. And I'm grinding. And I'm grinding. Yeah. And I bagging me Elliot. Yeah, socket too. Come, come on, come on now y'all Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls.


They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC Catch the new Hulu original comedy mid-century modern from the creators of Will and Grace, executive producer Ryan Murphy and director James Burrows. When three best friends move in together, Palm Springs will never be the same bunny. Jerry and Arthur are already close friends, but when they decide to live together, it's a new chapter with a new family. And speaking of family, don't forget Bunny's mom, Sybil who's along for the ride. Whether it's a trip to Fire Island or a local congresswoman with a wild side. These roomies know how to do it with style. They're fun, they're fabulous, and they're turning life's lemons into Spike Lemonade.


So shake up a batch of cocktails, relax by the pool and get ready for some serious shade. A new comedy with Heart, soul, and sas. Mid-century modern stars, Nathan Lane, Matt Bomer, Nathan Lee Graham and Linda Levin. All episodes of Mid-Century Modern are now streaming on Hulu. Residents at BrightView senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care.


Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing. And this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Y'all talking to me man? I know y'all been hitting me up to my UNC getting that new deal. Hundred million. I ain't getting no mother. That ain't to do with me. Hundred million. Congratulations. I'm trying to get my own hundred million. Y'all hit me up. Congratulate me. I ain't shit. I'm work for the money I want y'all. Lemme hit a hundred million. This podcast. Oh I a hundred million my coming career. I'm going to B Where? Russell. See, come here home that Russell you can showing videos and you doing yoga.


Nigga you can't hold me. I know it's some holes. I'm going now. God damnit. You gonna have to start sharing bubble. I got a hundred million. I'm putting my island right next to yours too. And you old, you 72. Shit I put hands on. Russell, come here. See they become to fool us. I'm over here in Bley. Just me by myself. Just living peacefully. No you're not nigga. You got 15 holes over there right now. But Nicky, god damn cookie you But now the sandwiches and now I want, don't be fooled. Don't let these people lie to y'all. They throw rocks and ho hide the hand.


We got people like that. Take. Hey, throw rocks. Hide the hand. I ain't how I'm gonna throw something man. I ain't them the kind of people we dealing with, so just know that looks what to do. Sad. I be willing it. Do Gerald Foster what he do? Yeah, I mean like I say, Lakers lost game one. I was pissed off. But it is game one. That series don't go six games for me. I feel like the Lakers will pull this, this series out. But let's enjoy it though for the moment. I was just upset with Jackson Hayes. Them playing Ali Min Ruy playing Ali Min. The the bench ain't gave us shit. The bench ain't gave us shit.


Ain't gave us shit. I'm not worried about bru. I'm not. He thought it cool. I get it 40 years old. I'm not worried about next game. He gonna gimme a 25. He probably gonna gimme a triple double Luca. I just need you to slide the goddamn damn feet baby. That's how I just need you to slide your goddamn damn feet. Now I told Brony, get you off that Iica and get you back on Sativa. I don't know what taking them so damn long, but they iica is is not good for Luca. You got to give 'em sativa baby. I got to my people in Chicago, man. I went to Harold Chicken the other night, man. So many people in there showed me so much love. Man.


Man, it's a lot of love in Chicago, man. I know what the news put out there. And despite the killings, there's killings everywhere, but there's some real genuine down to earth people in Chicago and personally, man from, from me and my team, man, we, we, we thank y'all man. We had a soul, our soul with the Wigga Warrens tour, man, the energy, the vibe. We just, I can't even explain this shit man. But it was shout after Mike gifts was bringing all us back on stage at the end of the night. Appreciate Tony Robs all the love and and and knowledge and that you sharing with me as well as Mike. Mike done put me on his wing and I mean just, I'm just a precinct of everything man.


They ain't, they ain't got to do this. They could be in their own ways or they could feel how they feel that they went through certain things on they journey and they, and they come to career and, and they had to grind and grind and grind and to get to where they get to. And some of us people who come up off the internet, we didn't have to go through that per se. They could feel some kind of way or, but they, You know, they not, they Well, I'm gonna tell you something. I'm gonna show you this. I'm gonna show you that like this how you can do this, this how you can do that. And, and it just helps me go a long ways man. And I appreciate all the help. That's why I try to give people knowledge who could hit me up and talk to me about certain things. I try to give 'em the knowledge.


I don't wanna take this knowledge with me when I die. I just wanna apply and be the best comedian I could be. And You know, and I tell anybody this, man, you gotta be consistent. You have to be consistent. You have to be reliable. You have to be at every show. I ain't miss no show. I ain't never been late. Thank God I'm on time. I'm 45 minutes to an hour there before every show. And You know, I I pretty much, I was taking, taking myself, man. It's not that I'm antisocial. I just taking myself, I'm just in my, I'm in my zone. I'm grinding, I'm focused and I wanna win. And I know distractions are, are out there and I try to stay away from distractions as much as as I can and focus on going out there and giving the fans the, the best show that I can give them.


And I'm, so, I got to Blake, the promoter at BMN shows for the, for the opportunity that they gave me. And I'm taking full advantage of this shit. And most of all say I talk my fans too. We hitting my dm, hitting my comments and telling me y'all came to the show. Y'all loved it. Man. That goes a long way with me continuing to tell people about my podcast as well. You know, we try to get the numbers up. You know, you get entertainment over here, man. You get love over here. You get, you get your flowers over here. You, You know what I'm saying. Anybody that's in my d comings right now and you doing your thing out here for the community or, or whatever it is you doing, you got a promotion at your job.


Whatever it is, congratulations to you. It's love. Keep being a good person. Don't let bad energy or bad people around you bring you down or you only good at your circle. And You know, God will make a way at the end of the day, God will make a way. It's not our way, it's his way. Man. Gonna let you down. So never put your faith in man. Always put your faith in God. Never put your faith in a woman. No. Put it in God, man. Leave. Like, leave. Leave it up to God man. Don't be somebody do you wrong. Don't be trying to do them wrong. You let God handle that man. And, and, and, and You know it, it might seem like it take forever, but you let the good Lord deal with these people man. You keep doing what you doing.


Especially if you got a family. Don't let nobody trick you out your spot. You keep doing what you doing. They may call you a punk and may call you a coward, but you keep walking away. And until you can't walk no more. I know it hurt. Pride out here man. Ego, pride and ego is the reason why a lot of people dead. Because a lot of people could still be here if they just walked off. And I listen to that little old thing. Are you gonna let them? Do you like that? Are you gonna let her do you like that? Sometimes you gotta keep it moving. You hurt, you gotta, it's a bigger purpose in life and then showing out or going, grabbing a gun or whatever it is to hurt someone. So there's more life than that. You gotta know that. You gotta understand that even when singing ain't going right in your life and you on the edge, you gotta know it's tomorrow.


If a Lord let me see the next day, it could be better. Or I'm not gonna stop. I'm not gonna give up. I'm, I'm gonna keep pushing. And that's the approach you gotta have out here man. And I know it's hard. I I trust me, I know, I know it's hard but it, you can do it and there's people who've been doing it. Situations are worse than yours and they making shit happen. Here you is crying and complaining and I just don't know. You ain't went through half the shit these people going through right now man. So ain't no giving up, ain't no quitting, ain't no doing none of that shit. We gonna get better Lord Legacy the next day we gonna be better than what we was today.


Yeah. That's what we doing. That's how we rocking in 2025 baby. Yeah we gonna be, if it's toing down, we going be up. Yeah. And besting you want to do, you go ahead and best. Yeah. Yeah. There ain't no waiting on that shit. We going learn it, get the resources. Okay, next move, plan, attack. That's what we doing. That's what we doing man. Any questions for me? Let me know. Talk to me. I'm I'm open for any questions. Talk to your boy. Man. We here is shit rigged. It could be rigged bro. I'm not gonna say it, ain't it? You know if this shit is above I pay Greg. I tell you that if it's rigged, it is rigged. You know it is what it live. But I'm gonna keep watching this rigged shit.


It's entertainment for me. It keep me from going crazy or going insane when shit ain't going write my life. I can tune into these sports. I could watch sports and, and talk my shit and make my videos with y'all. 'cause I know y'all be feeling how I be feeling. So I'm just going, You know that's, that's my comedy. It's the truth. I'm gonna, I'm gonna tell you how I'm feeling man. I ain't hard, high and shit back. I ain't sugarcoat shit. I'm gonna let You know what it is. And I feel like we live in the world sometimes where we gonna say nothing. We let shit go and sometimes you need to tell a motherfucker that like, like you niggas being in these female face, your breast stink nigga. Sometimes it ain't that shit. Get they motherfuck with you, your breast man.


Like straight ass boy. Sometimes you gotta do that breath check my As and it's okay. Get your shit right before you jumping in this female, You know what I'm saying? Like get your shit right bro. Yeah. Like I ain't trying to holler no female Look at my head up shit girl and gonna just gimme some pussy with an ear up like this trash got to get my shit right. Do you hear me? I got to get my shit right. I've been going to niggas who got good eyes and they can't edge me up. I'm looking for a blind ball. I'm looking for a goddamn blind barber edge me up. But he can't do no worse than what these niggas already been doing.


When did You know you was walking in your purpose? When I knew I was walking in my purpose bro. Was it six half, seven years ago, bro. When during covid I quit my job at Blue Eyes screen and I took off during covid. Like when shit was shut down, I took off. That's when I knew then this shit, this, this shit was, it was for me. It was it, it was destined, it was meant for me. My drive, my, my energy, my love. Everything was about comedy. It was just standup comedy for me bro. I want to be one of them ones bro. Like, I literally just won't do this shit.


So that's when I really knew I was walking in my prep. That's when I knew I was a bad mother. As long as I continued to stay consistent and work and never get too high, never get too low or never get to the point where I think I'm better than everybody. Other than that I knew then and man it's been, it's been fun doing what I'm doing. I'm enjoying it. I'm growing, I'm getting better each and every day. And now I'm around these people. I'm, I'm, I'm able to sit back and reflect the journey. It ain't been that long, seven years, but it is been long being away from my kids, my family. And You know, you miss a lot of family functions during this shit.


Yeah. You getting the money. But sometime we be need, You know what I'm saying? We need got people around us, man. But sometime the people that you want around you, they hate us. Like honestly they, they, they, they don't want you in this situation but you in this situation and they not happy for you. So that shit could be draining. So I try to stay away from draining ass people and excuse me, and, and evil minded people. I try to stay away from them folks. And I rather go over here with these people who, who wanna see me win. I wanna see them win And we, we work and I work bro. I put the, I do get these podcasters, I do these shows bro.


My mind's constantly racing on to the next thing. You know, I'm just trying to get in position to help the next man, man. Because that's what it's about. I mean I think that was Brother Malcolm and Martin will want, You know, for us to, to continue to help our own kind as well. But you never going to do nothing in this world by yourself. You gonna, you gonna need some help. Whether it's white people, whether it's Mexicans, Asians, whoever. You gonna need some help. You can't do it by yourself. But what you can do, you can do it with integrity. You know what I'm saying? You, you, you can do it with morals and that's all you can ask. At the end of the day, I don't judge nobody for what they do, how they do it, how they got there.


They state business. But I almost, I stand on principles and morals around here. Have I lost any partners since I became successful? Absolutely. I lost partners, lost friends. Like I thought I had friends and it just business man. At the end of the day it's some things I wish I could have done differently. Hell yeah. I wish it's some shit I could have done differently. But at the end of the day, man, Tupac and them said it, man success, brain greed. It does. And some people might not look at you the same no more. It's not that you even done nothing.


They just look at you different. They might see you with this person or that person and nah, he changed, he the same, his haircut different, You know what I'm saying? He wearing different clothes, different shoes and people start to judge you and sometimes the way of that world could be on your shoulders. Like man, I was, we ain't cool like we used to. We ain't close and, and I gets the devil. So I just try to stay outta that shit and just keep working, put my mind into something else. 'cause that's the evil, that's the, it's the evil working. So I try to stay away from that. But yeah, I, I lost some friends behind being successful, but that's life. God going to weave out the fake and You know, and the rest gonna be what it is.


But I ain't got no damn regrets. I'm, I'm growing man, I shit, I ain't got time for all that shit right now, man. Like I say, I got a purpose, I got a job to do and, and damn it, I'm gonna do it. I'm not letting nobody get in my way. I don't care what people say about me or I, I, at this point in my life, I don't give a damn what they say about me. I'm a workaholic. Ain't nobody gave me shit. I'm work for everything. Hell, your family members get jealous. I got family members jealous of me right now. And that's real mother fucking talk. Pure jealous. They ain't got nothing to be jealous of. We, we got the same blood running through our blood. They got the same 24 hours in the day I got.


But they, they jealous but they shouldn't be. I'm not that type. I'm not, I gonna be capping. I don't be stunned and I, I can, that ain't me. I want them to have what I got or more like man this shit doesn't mean shit ain't be dead tomorrow. I don't care about this shit. They care about it. They want that status. Like this is stagger man that shit don't mean shit to me. Sad to say I be and I think sometimes as family members we get caught up in that shit. Y'all see somebody growing and here and there and y'all be thinking man I should be right there with that nigga. But the whole time you was right there talking about it nigga though. But you Think you should be right here with me.


Never blood don't make you family, family, law, loyalty dude man. So you, we could be blood cousins but if you ain't been keeping the 100, I'd rather bring somebody up here who ain't family that's been keeping the 100 the whole time with me. That's me like blood shit means nothing to me because them niggas be the worst ones. Real smiling. I lug at me. Soon as they turn it back I'm gonna pull a blade in. So I just love him from a distance. That's all. I love him from a distance. That's just my mind frame. And You know, some of y'all ain't never met me.


Like we all strangers internet, but y'all be showing me so much love man. I can make so many real niggas off this internet who just won't see me win. That's why when I see y'all, I take pictures with y'all, I hug y'all. I I say my famous trash, I be tired in the motherfuckers sometimes y'all, I get tired of saying that trash shit like, but y'all be wanting me to jump on the big yos in case y'all gonna know that's that's my money make up my trash. I could really charge for that shit. But I don't, I I 'cause y'all the reason why I met besides God y'all the reason why I met. That's why I take the time out to, to do that shit with y'all and I love doing it and I'm not going to change that shit.


What, what makes you get into Standal coming? What are some things you could do different? There's a whole lot of things I could do different. There's some things that I'm finna start tapping into like characters on stage that I'm finna tap into that I haven't started doing yet. Just, just the growth of me just being more confidence in myself to, to get out my cell and start doing certain things and just keep adding, adding, adding, You know, to my arsenal and y'all ain't even seen what all I'm capable of and what I can do. Y'all ain't even seen it yet. Like I got so much layers to me.


I got characters of my family members that I can start doing. My uncles like, y'all think I'm funny and crazy, man, my whole family, they passed away now. But people back home watching really know me, Jerry Morgan, me, they'll tell you about my family and how they really are. I ain't even took, I, I ain't even tapped into the shit. The characters of them and how they act and they mannerisms and like, I got a cousin, man, he in jail right now. His name is Dims. We call him di love your family locked up. He just a funny naturally mother now he ain't got the acting skills I got but just straight up just raw comedy that nigga him, I've taught my him like John and them, him, he's him.


So it's just, it's all in my family, but what I am, I'm, I'm all of them in one. If, if that makes sense. I I I take everything from what I've seen to them and how they act and all that and I make it all into one and me and I'm just Finn just start giving the world that, especially on stage, You know, I come off this tour, we can one tour go back into my own tour myself, more intimate, mature, y'all will start seeing more content, more material of of the characters that I got that I'm feel in store discipline for y'all man. But it's a whole lot of shit I could have done different. I'm too, I feel like I'm too and it gets who I am.


Maybe I'm too na a guy sometimes there's certain people that shouldn't be around me. It's, it's certain people I shouldn't even associate with. But I do, I have a bad, I don't know how to cut people off. Like I feel like if I cut people off I get bad look or bad karma. So certain people will be around me for a while and I just wait till you just, they don't come around no more and I gotta get outta that. I gotta start cutting motherfuckers out and, and and, and not feeling and bad and sorry about it. So that's some shit I could do different. But right now I'm just going say motivated and keep working.


That's what I'm doing man. I ain't on them packs no more. Man. You know them hungry packs, they, they slow your heart rate down and, and You know what I'm saying, them holes, sometimes my thing won't, won't, won't work, but what work with them. But since I took this Rose Sparks the other day, I been on point at least that's what Barbara Lynn say. Barbara say she liked this. She, she liked the roast sports. So I'm gonna keep the rogue sports right now. So if you are out there right now and you wondering what you need to go and grab, grab some roast sparks. I'm telling you right now, you see the way aunt was handing his motherfucker biding down there with Michelle now it work for him working for Gilbert them and it's working for me. So I know it'll work for you.


But you can't drink sweet tea with the shit you got to drink water nickel. Can't drink Dr. Pepper with it. Can't drink Sprite with it. Kool-Aid syrup. You can't do that shit. Niggas drink water with it. I know my niggas down here stand. I don't wanna drink some syrup with this shit. And God, you ain't gonna wake up. It gonna be hard when you die. Everything get hard. So your dick gonna be hard but you gonna be dying nickel. They gonna watch tonight. I see y'all tomorrow night. Peace and blessing. Love out The Volume Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary.


That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC Residents at BrightView, senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events.


Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. Hey Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit QuickBooks, Listen to Mind The Business, Small Business Success on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.