
TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold. With Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


If you like bacon, you'll love Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon. It's smoked for 12 hours. That's a really long time. So for that delicious, smoky flavor, keep it Oscar.


It's time for that. Once a year event Truck week where you save big on America's biggest trucks, including the 12 ton. 12 liter. 12 hours of Oscar Meyer smoking thick cut bacon for half the day they're still smoking that bacon. If you're driven by your love of smokey, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


The Volume. Tonight is the night. Oh, I've been waiting. You been waiting? We all been waiting. Tonight is the night. Yeah, it's Friday. Oh y'all. Yeah, it's Friday. Fight Night. Jake. A guy on phone versus earn Mike Tyson baby. Woo. Yeah baby. Yeah baby. We live on Netflix tonight storing at 8:00 PM Eastern Standard time. 5:00 PM Pacific Time. Who? You Jake Paul?


Yeah. What it do? What it do y'all happy Friday everybody. Y'all I'm back. No, y'all ain't seen me since I did the interview with unc, but today Friday I'm back. We gotta talk about the Eagles. We gotta talk about the commanders. We gonna talk about Jake Paul, Mike Tyson tonight. Yes. The fight is tonight. If you ain't already arguing, if you ain't already going, make sure you go and do that right now. It's gonna be on Netflix tonight at 8:00 PM Central time man. It's going down. But before I even get the show started, go ahead and hit the like button right now. I'm gonna give y'all time to hit the like button. Don't hit the subscribe button to my first time users. My subscribers that's coming over to The, Bubba, Dub Show.


I just wanna say thank y'all. Welcome to the show. We we get a little crazy over here, you know what I'm saying? So you know, things that you hear don't take it to heart. And if you do, I don't give a damn because I'm here to do what I'm supposed to do. And let's talk about what's going on in the world and we gonna start the show off with today is with Mike Tyson knocking the mayonnaise Jake Paul mouth yesterday at the That's what you Irv ain't mayonnaise. Everything came out J Paul Mind yesterday and y'all think it's fake shit. Mike getting 20 million, it's going down, but J Paul getting 40 million for 40 million.


I too, but you losing. So for everybody that been wondering man, it's gonna be fake. I don't wanna watch it. You better watch this shit. You better because y'all been room J Paul to lose what? Damnit here. He's tonight in front of the world. Mike knocking that motherfucker out and I can't wait because my good white people there. White people high right now. Trump backing office. You can't tell them motherfuckers nothing right now. Oh yeah, they walking around your job right now. Chest poke out drinking coffee, feeling good. But come tonight, Mike finna put all that shit to rest. You think I'm lying to me in and watch this shit?


I can't wait to watch this shit boy, because Mike been wanting to hurt him. Mike been wanting to hurt somebody white and get away with it. Well here your chance, Mike here your chance to write your motherfucking wrong. Go on and go down stupid on Jake Powell because everybody else that followed him, they didn't fail. Oh he paid him. Shit. Watch we're go on tonight. I can't wait. But last night let's switch it over to the NFL. Let's talk about the Philadelphia Eagles defeating the Washington Commanders last night. And let me get, so I'm saying this right now. The Philadelphia Eagles is the beast of the east and it seem like making that pickup this off season. Saquon Barkley, Saquon Barkley, ladies and gentlemen, so forth for the Philadelphia Eagles is the MVP of the Philadelphia Eagles right now he's saving them 26 carriers last night.


A hundred, 146 yards. I'm talking about he running that mother rock. I'm talking about he run Eli Mangan in the giant rolling over they mother grave right now. Woo. Say Barkley look good man, ain't nothing you can really do with the Eagles if they run, if they running the ball like that and Jalen hears ain't got, you know what I'm saying? Throw the ball up for grabs like he normally do. It's gonna hard to be, it's gonna, it's gonna be very hard to beat the Philadelphia Eagle. Jalen Hur, he didn't have a great game but he didn't have a bad game. He didn't hurt him, he didn't turn the ball over. You know he AJ Brown a couple times, Dallas Goggled a couple times, that's all you can really ask for. They controlled the position of the game. They had the ball. 33 minutes of the ball game.


Ain't nothing you no turnovers. So with them playing ball like that, because I was always, I was already saying that the Detroit Lines was going to the Super Bowl and they probably still is, but they gonna have to deal with Philly and Gill and they gonna have to deal with Philly E. Everybody in the NC gonna have to deal with Philly the way Saco running that motherfucking ball because the running back position is kind of, they gonna devalue that shit. Not the way running that motherfucking ball right now. Yeah. Sweep left. Sweep right up the middle. So still I'm gone. Yeah, the Eagles is back. Craig is in general, the Eagles is back and four commanders.


If I'm a commander fan, I can't really be mad right now because the simple fact my quarterback is hurt. Igon give a damn what Ja and Daniels say they ain't the same. Ja and Daniels that were running around here like a Sced dog three or four weeks ago. You could tell that the rib injury is bothering him right now. He couldn't really get him going. He ain't really, you know what I'm saying, got the velocity on his balls when he throwing it. It's hard to do that when you got a bad rib. So, but Commander still a good team right now. They defense still good. It just that right now the Philadelphia Eagles, they rolling and don't forget be before this win streak. The Eagles went on put you on game. Nick Cchi the head coach for the Eagles, he was on the hot seat. I think the Eagles don't won what, four five in a row now.


I think they said what? What the, what's the Eagle? R seven two right now. Nick Che was on the hot seat but they starting to feed Saco right now. That offensive line is like digging in no homo, they digging in right now. They taking the pressure off Jalen sipping syrup hurts and damnit the Philadelphia Eagles looking real good looking like a juggernaut, looking like a Super Bowl contending team. I have to keep it 100 on this show and and yes they in the same division as my cowboy but the Cowboys in the division all by their damn self. The Cowboys is a lottery team this year. Do you hear me? They the last in the motherfucking division. They ain't, Cowboys ain't better in the damn times.


So before my cowboy fans come on right now y'all don't y'all say a motherfucking thing to me. Don't, don't open your mind if your team ain't got more than three wins, don't open your damn mind. My team do. I'm with the bills, I'm not worried about shit and come Sunday I'm gonna go right down there and beat Kansas City. How the ass to yeah IA come get that on Ze. Yeah I know how I, I know what to do to a ze. You watch the Buffalo Bills go down there and Kansas City? Yeah they 90 they gonna be nine one I believe in Fagg as Josh Allen.


I do. How y'all feeling? Y'all think Buffalo gonna beat the Chiefs? I do. I know some of y'all gonna think so. But Damnit I believe this a new year. The luck run out for them damn chiefs. The reps ain't gonna keep helping y'all. Travis Kelsey know Taylor Swift ain't got no ass. He know it. All that money you got, you got your girl running around here with no ass. Go get her A BBL Pam all that money y'all got man I get Taylor Swift the best ass ever and I it too right after surgery I ain't waiting no six weeks to get no ass. I'm tasting Taylor Swift right after surgery. I'm Travis Kelsey. You were the end yesterday but your dick now come here.


Lemme tell y'all something. She might be skinny right now and don't look appealing to y'all but when I get done with Taylor Swift she'll look like a seven up cake to me. Come here. Come on all that money y'all got and y'all won't gonna get that girl no hair. Stop at traffic kill. What kind of man is she fam? Huh? Don't you wanna see so curvy walk into the bedroom like you used to? What's that girl's traffic Kelsey used to be with Gimme, gimme her. I I'm finna slide to her DM right now. I ain't got Kelsey money. God I can keep the lights on. Yeah I can keep the lights. I ain't got money but I got him beating everything else come. I'm gonna make you laugh and calm come all he wanna do is talk about football all night.


I ain't damn I about me. You sitting in the wrong with y'all. Y'all talk to y'all girl no damn mo you on your phone. 24 mother seven. You talking to your homeboy or you playing the game? Not me, I'm in them seats like say I'm gonna shake the seats. I what I been thinking about come I tickle all night too. Yeah, I'm on too. Crumb all in my bedroom come here so somebody do me a favor and send me Travis Kel ex-girlfriend IG tell gonna the game Monday night we going to see the Cowboys in the Texans and guess what I'm wearing a Texan jersey too.


Damn right. I'm wearing no damn cowboy jersey. I not cowboy jersey is bad. Look, do you hear me bad look everybody at me. Duh. Where your cowboy jersey at? At the house on the grill getting regular to get smoked them jersey. Make good, make barbecue taste better. I y'all, I use Dollar Cowboy jersey when I get ready to barbecue I ain't bullshit Lamb come here, that burger take you like a lamb burger. Come here. I'm not bullshitting you but that's gonna be a game. This sound they go chiefs and know and and and and the can chiefs in the bills.


I can't wait to see that game. It's gonna be up there in Buffalo. Great city great people man I love Bill bis mafia. It feel great to be part of a win organization unlike the Dallas Cowboy. It is Mayhem up there. We don know what's going on with Michael Parson Dak to coochie. Zeke can't hold a ball. He can't hold a cost drop when he got a cold like it. It just turmoil going on in Dallas right now man. And I had to get the hell up outta there like dub. I can't believe you left Cowboy. Well shit, you talking to somebody who snitched on Cousin What? Hell, I'm be in jail 20 years for some dope shit.


I'm right here today in front of this podcast Roger. Not Roger still in there right now. And guess what? He wanna be in there because he keep doing the same shit. That's One thing about y'all dude who keep going to the prison. Ain't nothing in them but niggas. But you wanna come home talking about you a player. No you're not. You keep going back in now you got a girlfriend and nothing nigga. Yeah you ain't fool me man. When I come home this time I'm gonna do right. Niggas be lying don't they? Y'all know I ain't lying man. I come home, I'm gonna get my shit together. You gonna come home for two years and take your ass right back and nothing because you miss that boy. I don't know what that boy doing to y'all. I I I dunno but I think when you come on from prison and you get in your bedroom all you can think about every time I close my eye I wake up feeling so horny I can't get you out of my mind sexing you is all I see.


That's what them niggas be saying when they come home from jail still got them jail house tactics and everything supposed to come home. Supposed to get your mind right. Know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying. Start serving God like you told. See nigga be lying they be in jail right in they mamas and girl baby, when I come home I'm gonna turn my life over to God. Soon as them niggas come home they do the same thing they were doing before. Stop lying to God. He see yeah my heavenly father see y'all niggas, he know y'all lying to him and he let you out anyway to give you a chance but you still don't do right God see you God See you out here in the streets. You a man you hard all day. You a real nigga on the streets but when you in jail you in that nigga, you in that nigga arms crying.


That nigga rocking your ass to sleep. Six five nigga two and 80 pound getting rocked to sleep by a nigga my side. Stop it. Stop it nigga got you saying Grace over niggas enough nigga say yes sir, hell damn. Right. Your name Robert on the streets but in jail your name Regina. I ain't her. I'm gonna talk The truth gonna tell like it's that's what be going on in now nigga like me can't go Look, look at me y'all look at me. I ain't built for no jail, no prison. I ain't built for none. That's why I'm right here when they go in there to process me shit, that's all I do. They process me then they send me right back there so I could, I'll be a cook when I'm in there.


Damn. I'm right Doug don't be no regular sale. I'm a cook. I got a her neck on and and I'm giving out mask takers and everything and shit. You know how I get down. I go to eat sale getting information from all them inmates fam. You fam be honest with me Dogg you bam I can get you outta this shit man. I got a paid lawyer for you where that gun at man don't lie. Don't take this shit with you fam. I can get you 10 years off. Your seniors do put the gun at and then they confess and I go right to the DA and give all the information. So he had 10 but now he got four. Now you got four. Elise you got it off your heart.


God will forgive you Don't only do your time because what you did, you don't need to be on the street. I hate when people go out here and kill innocent people and you niggas be on here man. Free my fam. See you nix. Yeah you nix motherfuckers who talk and think like that. They n in my book. I ain't bullshit free this and that nigga freeing the nigga. That's a killer. I don't want that on the damn streets. Do you hear me? We already gotta deal with enough. We already gotta deal with counseling and everything is, but you wanna put a killer next door to me? Shit he won't stand no damn chin. He won't kill nobody else. I bet you that. I talk shit to him in the family every day.


I don't want you standing next to me at all. Talking about it was justified. It wasn't justified. What's gonna be justified is you in that pen doing your motherfucking time. Real killers don't talk. Y'all niggas out here killing running your mind. I got seven bodies you won't get no damn mo you eight bodies and it's gonna be you. It's gonna be you. But how y'all feeling today man on this Friday man, I'm feeling good. Amped up comedy show goodnight in Clarksville, Tennessee. You know I'm finna go down there and rock that mothering stage. That's what I'm finna do. I'm finna go out there and rock the stage because I, it's a whole lot of talking in the world, whole lot of bickering going on.


Duh man, I don't know if he can do standup shit. I'm wanting the best in the business right now and I don't toot my own horn. That ain't something I do. But when it come to stand up now you now, now you in't my motherfucking territory now. Now I'm the line. Yeah, I'm the line now when I'm in there pull up to a show. I'm gonna give you what you want and more


TNT sports on Tru TV is here and it's bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam room with EJ and Chuck in above the fold with Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night. Starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


This is Doug Gottlieb from the Doug Gottlieb Show Here to tell ya. Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and the heavy duty half-ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals To, find out more. Toyota let's go places.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work hands covered in grease and because you're committed to driving that thing further, then the odometer can even handle you Start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check your click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed the fit every time. eBay things people love


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean they're already a circus. They need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how Jerry, Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up fire ain ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said there's a moon too And his son's up there. You think that ain't gonna be his son? And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well it's still the sun. It's Like well your all pro receiver has his hands in the air with a ball coming at him 'cause he can't see disgust, disgust. Just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I ain't bullshit. Don't feel you getting a chat and chop a double child y'all man. Let's talk it up man. How y'all feeling today? Go Damn right Abdu, come here Markel. You better let him know how I rocked out Austin. Shout out to Austin man y'all showed me so much love man. Shout out. Took the take. Take TQ down. Know if you ever been to Austin, Texas, go take tq man. Got some great food. Got some great women in there working. Them motherfuckers stick. I'm top of my possum soup thick too. I'm not bullshit. When I walked into take TikTok my eye did that. Well I say God look at the fleas on Fluffy weekend. Popping up tomorrow. You know Coach Prime them got you talk. You know Coach make you do what it do.


Shado. I wanna see that rolling every time you score a touchdown Travis. Hold on. I wanna see you doing that shit. I be having you making you do get off of me. All the hagels. Y'all becoming fans now. I like it. I like when you niggas transition. I love it. I love it. Holler Coach Prime might end up with the cowboy. I love to hear it first. You wasn't never forget first they were there for likes. They was there for Instagram. Coach Prime wasn't never win. What you got say now? That's what I'm saying. What you got say now? Told y'all he taking them young men. Build them into men.


That's what we need in the community. White people that's watching. I love you but I ain't talking to y'all right now. Move to the side for a minute. Lemme talk to us. Our kids look up to us y'all. You might not realize it but but our kids watch everything we do. Everything we into they into. So it's time for us to be real role models to our children. We ain't gotta be role models nobody else but let's be a real role model to our children man. You got a son out there man. You know what I'm saying? He really ain't into sports but you won't him into sports because you was good in sport man. Beat whatever your child wanna do. You be supportive of it man. Some of y'all be down here know man. Man, my son don't even wanna play football man.


Oh cold to football. He might wanna play baseball fam. You know what I'm saying? Our children are not going to never be us bro. James showing us that now I'm seeing a whole lot of hate continuing going on with LeBron. Lemme tell y'all something about Bro James. Bro James nigga knew Mo. That's all he nigga a knew motherfucking Mo. All that money LeBron James got send his ass over China. Let they ass hook him up to one of them Toyota cars. Watch him come back a new power. I ain't nowhere where I have all that goddamn money and my son nigga Mo shit I have Mo, I have, I have Bernie, James Earl smoking when I get done with him. I don't give a damn what's Savannah. I say I'm experimenting on this nigga. I done got you in the league league.


You ain't supposed to be in the league. I put you in the game and you sput and sputtering shit. Hell no. You get your sputtering ass outta him. I'm gonna get you a new motor bubble I believe. Believe in my heart Bernie, James can ball. I do something going on with his mo. Something ain't right. Sput and sputtering ain't the, it's the mo. So if I'm bru, I'm taking my son to China, Indonesia, Spain, what Germany, wherever he's, I'm finna get Bruny and new Mogue. God real talk if any other father, I know y'all will do the same for y'all son as well. All this hating and talking down on him.


Man y'all stop all that man. Stop all that. Y'all couldn't walk day and LeBron, LeBron James shoes man. Everybody comparing you to your father. The expectation is higher than he supposed to be And you know you ain't your dad man, but the world expecting you to be and he'll never be that man. I know some of y'all like man he don't even wanna play ball. He might do wanna play ball. I dunno that. You know what I'm saying. Me personally, I'm running, I'm finna go be a mouth. I'm walking to every goddamn fashion show. Tiptoeing through that motherfucking everything else I'm wearing that shit. I'm walking down there like a mouth. You think I'm EJ Johnson? I'm not bullshitting Paul's though. I ain't EJ like that. I'm just saying the way I'm striping down on that runway, I'm brung Jane.


I'll become a model and make all the money that damn way. I bullshitting. Magic was smart. I put EJ big ass on that runway man. He'll get endorsed by everybody man. EJ six, six mile EJ couldn't play play ball. He but he couldn't play ball like that shit. Telling you the truth. Got to make it happen these days man. Got to be smarter in what we doing. Got to be real spiel. But I got to Rago Buffalo beating Utah this Saturday. I got to score. I think Coach Prime them gonna run and look, I think Coach Prime them Finn to score 45 to 17 Shado 333 passing yards.


I think as a team they gonna have over a hundred yard rushing. I got Travis hung having 105 yards. I got Lajune Webster having 95 yards. I got Shepherd having 90 yards. That's what I got this Saturday with the Rago Buffalo defeating Utah. What y'all got? Talk to me Pittsburgh or Ravens. Who I got Man I gotta go with the motherfucking Pittsburgh steal yo. Yeah the more Yeah Lamar. Yeah Lamar Jackson and Russell Wilson. They gonna go in it and I know the world they kind of tilting in in the Ravens favor and I get it because Lamar Jackson is the MVP so far it ain't even close but I think Russell Wilson is on a mission this year.


I just do his faith in God. My faith in God is fine. See how he got cc got it going on Russell Wilson, I'm not mad at you for keep getting up pregnant. I don't blame. I'll be shooting that block up every night. Get tired looking at me. You ho again I dear. Because you know how, you know how talk he don't talk hard. We talk he called a deer and pumpkin and shit like that. He don't saying I don't blame him before us. Who I got right now, I got the Pittsburgh Steelers exceeding the Baltimore Ravens. Man I gotta be in a close game. Kind of like the last close game Pittsburgh had last week against Commanders but I guy 24, 23 Steelers, Mike Tomlin on Edge.


John Harrow out this weekend. It's great football all the way across the board this week. I can't wait. Shout got to my Lakers that been playing a whole lot better. I don't expect LeBron James to continually triple double. He shouldn't have to at his age of 39 years old age. What he's been able to do is is marvelous. And I'm finna tilt the show a little bit. I know I got a lot of old schools in here and you know I like to rougher y'all fellas right now. And I'm gonna say I know y'all don't want me to say it but I'm just gonna say it just to see what y'all think or this and that but me, me just being honest with y'all, you know you know you got the goat Michael Jordan, Mike the fuck with LeBron.


I'm saying that right now. Mike can't fuck with LeBron at this age. Michael. Michael Jar full of tequila and cigars and y'all know it right now. Triple Mike have ice on his damn knees right now and y'all know it. But I love Mike. I never disrespect him. Just me just being honest. I got Mike as the greatest basketball player. I got LeBron as the greatest complete basketball player ever. But I'm just stating the facts at this age. Shit Mike couldn't keep up with LeBron and y'all niggas won. What's y'all all about? What I just said Mike the greatest basketball player ever.


LeBron James the greatest complete basketball player ever. I'm giving both of 'em they flowers. I'm calling both of 'em goats. What's wrong with that? That's all I'm saying. What's wrong with me giving both of 'em They problems man. We ain't gotta down one or the other just to bring another one up. I'm just saying at this age, at the age they in now LeBron is better. So ain't nothing debate about this shit. What LeBron James is doing. Oh he can't shoot shit shoot no more. 50 cent. He can't shoot in three shooting him from head court. I thought he was Curry. I thought he was Curry in wa Lakers brand right now we need two more pieces.


Not one, two more. Bring in Dwight, bring in Dwight Howard. But we need another person to start. I don't know who, what piece we can move. I like Rui. I like how he being aggressive. I like DeAngelo talking. Russell took a bench. I like it. I like the white boy don't connect. I like it But with the Lakers nigga one more piece that we nigga startled though. 'cause Gabe Vincent, that motherfucker couldn't miss a shot when he was down in Miami. Now he up there in LA can't make shit 18 minutes one point stop it. We need to go out and make a trade and we need to make it Now I'm hearing Zion Williams and I know some of you saying man I don't think they could work shit. What do Zion Williamson like?


He like porn holes. What a porn star holes at la I bring his ass down up from New Orleans. Zion Wilson will never be hurt again. I promise to God he won't. You put Zion Wilson in la beautiful weather weed and the ho see a championship because he down there New Orleans doing that shit right now. argenx, why he stay hurt? He full of bull gang and cat that don't mix. You can't eat boo and eat cat. Where you gonna stay hurt, your body ain't gonna function. Right. Bring them to LA get them on some good green. Get them with them good porn store. Hold the same one Hugh had they dollars, they young average 30 and 15 every damn night.


Say what you want. They say ass make you lazy shit not for Zion. It'll pep him up. Pep him up. How y'all feel about Zion going to the Lakers but he y'all got to give him the holes at least three Bring him in to sign him and show him which one you want. I won all three. They all yours long as you play and perform they're yours. Well shit, we'll win back Toback championships and y'all know it so you got to give players what they want. That's all Baltimore. I feel like with the best I'm switch back to football, I'm let y'all know my knowledge and they just be up here just talking shit. I really know this shit Baltimore was the best destination for Lamar Jackson that let that young man grow into the player he's today.


And I think that's why we see players like Anthony Richardson And who is that? Justin Fields at the time with with last year with on Chicago Bear. They're not developing these players, they're not putting these players in the right position to succeed. Man. Like real talk Anthony Richardson got his job back. Like I told y'all he would but he really only gonna play what when he played last, when he played last year and when he played in Florida. 12 games in Flagger and what four, five games last year with the coach. He ain't developed, he ain't learned nothing yet. Bring somebody in that's willing to develop these young quarterbacks, work with them, continue to watch film with them.


Work on their foot movement right. Yeah work on their foot movement. Make sure their feet is planted and and you know like they like Tom Brady like somebody gotta get with with these players and work with 'em on their footwork. Tom Brady wasn't the most athletic ever, wasn't fast, wasn't none of that but he had good footwork and he had this right his intellect to know what kind of defense that y'all in and I'm gonna pick y'all ass to pieces. That's what Tom Brady did. That's why Tom Brady the goat. That's what make the zebra cake right now. Patrick Mahome the the goat now he had to go over Brady yet but if he win three, if they win this year that make three in a row, I gotta put him over Brady man. And I know that might sound kind of foolish y'all because Brady got seven but that mean this young man gonna have four and three in a row.


That ain't never been done before ever. I'm just simply stating the facts of the game. But I think that's why Lamar has come into what he has become now. 'cause he had time to allow to become what he is. They running an offense that CAGR to him Baltimore is dangerous. I know I got Pittsburgh beating him this week but Baltimore is dangerous. It's a beautiful thing with John Harbaugh was able to do with Lamar because they were going through offensive coordinators. If y'all remember now they gonna settle in last three or four years with the same coordinator. Now you seeing it paying off for Lamar Jackson coach what's his name? Jim Che popping peel's ass. You gotta do the same thing with Anthony Richardson. Man ain't no more Peyton Mans ain't no more Andrew Luxe walking through them doors.


That's an Anthony Richardson right now man. He got all the potential in the world right now. But you got to build it just like these holes, these hole be skinny, not looking good four, five months later transformation. What's going on. She gonna bow her nose ass lip ts and everything now I see different, you know what I'm talking about. That's what you gotta do with these football players especially quarterbacks that we give a prayer and we talk shit about it like I do but I just be keeping the 100 hundred with him. I feel the same way about Dak Prescott. I call him trash but he really not trash. He just been playing trash. Dak can be a very good quarterback at some times he can be but lately he has not been that. I don't know what's going on in his life. Ain't my business what's going on in his personal life.


It's just what's going on on this field and what he been putting on the field has been absolutely hot garbage and I can't accept trash no motherfucking mo. That's why I went over to Buffalo. And guess what, if Josh Allen don't write do right, I switch my black ass right over the back with the Ravens or I move right on with the Steelers or I move right on with the Detroit line. I'm moving on to whoever doing good. That's who I'm rocking with right now. And it feel good to be with a winning team right now. Boy I tell you 'cause you cowboy fan y'all motherfuckers on Y way to the nursing home. I ain't bullshit them nursing home right now. They the same cowboy no more like we won Star the season, we going on the super now.


Shit we don't even talk no damn mo. We don't even watch the game no more. That's how it is when your team loses. That's how it is when your team it take all the steam, take all the edge out you. I don't even care about football no more man. I'm getting worried about Thanksgiving man. I'm just worried about what mama going to cook. Man want corn pie, nigga want dressing, you know what I'm saying? Do I want fried Turkey this year? Yeah that's what I'm thinking. Might go down the Halle Land, get something, some oyster hook. I don't know they just how I'm feeling. What y'all doing this Thanksgiving? Talk to me or y'all going to y'all parents' house or y'all cooking at y'all house? I'm in the chat. Talk to me.


TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam room with EJ and Chuck Chucking above the fold with Jamil Hill. TNT Sports is taking over primetime making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night. Starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals To, find out more. Toyota let's go places.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work hands covered in and because you're committed driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your rides info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love


What's popping. And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Minnesota, I got a show come up in Minnesota next year too. I'm gonna be rocking with them too as well. Appreciating Sal b Jingo Smith. What do my guy shout? Got to everybody on my line right now. Brian, I'm not janky fam, I just ride with whoever winning it man. That's just like when we shooting dies man I'm riding with whoever got the high hand. Yeah I'm betting on that six. I'm bet 200 on that six. Man ain't missed a six all night. I'm betting with him. That's all. That's just like when a fine woman walking the room and the ugly chick walk in the room, everybody in here gonna want holler at the fine chick but you ain't gonna be hit the fine chick. I'm gonna shoot at the ugly chick because I know I got a higher chance of smashing the ugly chick then I do a bad chick. That's your problem. See y'all niggas go around here. Y'all be fucking who y'all wanna fuck but fuck who you need nigga with these women they go out and fuck out.


I get you shoulda fucked the nigga you need because the nigga ain't gonna pay no bills. The nigga your need will the nigga your need gonna provide the man your need gonna put prisons under them damn crisp tree. The man that you want ain't gonna do nothing, give you a hot dick and you might catch something. Putting your own game today. That's the problem with something. You women while y'all keep hollering, men ain't shit because you fucking the niggas you won't. Instead of fucking the men your knee, that's a boy now you're crying to your mama now you got two or three kids because you fucked a nigga that look good but you shoulda have fucked the ugly nigga because he been there taking care of the kids. So stop all that damn complaining when you ain't got no good man because it's your fault.


Nobody tell you get that funky CAG up to that good looking as nigga that you thought looked good with the big, big and muscles and strong and all this and that but got shit in his drawer. Your sugar went right over there. You sugar went right over there and and high at the little ugly nigga that nobody want but he faithful. He good to you. He got money. He put cro in the eye about he put fool on the table. Yeah he gonna look at none of your homegirls. They only see you for you but you gonna want that. You don't want no soft niggas like, like like Russell Wilson. See Eric, I hug him you. You understand what I'm saying. Russell Wilson don't see no other woman but cc that nigga with them. Scroll on that you be wanting he looking nigga.


Everybody in your clique now you're her falling now. Now you're falling out with your home girl. Now you're mad at your mama now you mad at the kids 'cause they look just like this rot nigga that you had kids about. It's your fault boo. It's your fault you niggas shoot too. You go out here, you choose these hoes who been popping that cat on them boats down there in Miami and you trying to turn 'em in the house. Why Stop it nigga now you can't even go out and play basketball or football 'cause you thinking about who she with at your high house nigga. Now you losing weight, now you down to your birth weight. Everybody think you got AIDS or cancer and you ain't got neither one. You just dealing with a cheating. We got the Duke. Start dealing with the people you need.


Not what you want.


Now if you're watching this show then you gotta know this show being presented by Pics. Yeah down below you see it. Trash is my promo code. Use that one with the two Hs. You feel me? Yeah. First time users you put $5 in, you get 50 back. This one of them, these one of them apps when you could put $10 in and win 1500, only way you gonna win on Prospect is you don't play and it's more or less on your favorite player. Tap in. I know you be seeing the commercial on tv Mama I made feel good come from the bottom to where I'm at now but I ain't stopping. I never get complacent. I ain't got near what I need right now. You know what I said? I said need not want. All I need is good health I need is some money. All I need good people around me. I need love around me. Good spirited people around me. We gonna need no negativ negativity. Yeah we gonna, we we're gonna need that. We're gonna need violence, we need love, we need laughter. And that's what I'm gonna give y'all. So keep watching this show. Keep sharing this show. Keep letting them know about the Bubble Dub show. We coming baby and we ain't stopping for the people that's watching this show. I got some jerseys coming for y'all. I'm finna be giving away free jerseys too. So whoever your team is getting to come in section right now and let me know. I'm gonna be giving y'all some jerseys from fanatics. So I got the fanatics. I'm finna be giving y'all some jerseys from, from next man you might see me at your, at your favorite team stadium giving out jerseys and talking and and talking to the people because I'm a people person man. Yeah you see me on the internet all day. But if you meet me in person you know I'm gonna sit down. I'm gonna chop it up with you. Take a picture with you. I don't give a damn hot tide. I am. I never get tired of a people that I need devil. This is what I'm here for. I'm trying to get on one of them NFL network shows and and and show my talent and and give the world this kind of commentary the way I want it. No I won't be cussing, I won't be doing none of that but I'll be giving it to you real and raw. I ain't gonna fake it. I ain't gonna fake it. I bet you at appreciate that $5 whoever sent it Appreciate it, appreciate it. But how y'all feeling overall is Friday? Some of you got paid. I know some of you going somewhere the weekend. Be careful out here man. Every, every grin ain't your friend True spill.


And if you can't watch my show sometime man you can listen to it on Apple podcast and Spotify go and download me on them apps please. Apple Podcasts or Spotify go and download the bubble dub show man. Real talk man. I promise y'all I love coming over here doing what I'm doing. I love looking down and my phone looking at the comments, looking at y'all talk shit to me. You try. I love that shit man. That shit get me going just like y'all might be having a bad day y'all watch me when I get in the comments and see some of the shit y'all be saying. That shit make me go whether you like me or you don't. I look at the shit I'm like thank you God. Like 'cause I ain't supposed to be here. Y'all dub ain't supposed to be here man I'm supposed to be jail or somewhere.


You know ain't a plant working there ain't nothing wrong with that. I'm just saying for me to be where I'm at now I owe it to God and I owe it to y'all honestly. And I gonna take this shit for granted. Not one bit. I'll never get around here high side and capping thinking I'm better than y'all. I'm not. We all the same. We just got different talents. I took 'em whole the same thing. I just think you just look at me for head. I do. That's what you here for Head do your job, do your motherfucking job because if you don't you'll be frying fish Friday. What's the day? Friday? Damn life. You gotta keep the main thing. The main thing. Believe that same way you took to get that hoe. The same thing you gonna have to take to keep that hoe. Never forget what I just told you ladies.


You go out here and take a man from another woman nine times out of 10 another woman gonna do the same thing to you so you can't open your mouth. If you took a woman from a man and he cheating on you, he gets keeping it going baby that's all. Shut your mouth and play your role. That's all Denzel Washington and came out and announced he gonna kiss a man in the mouth. Oh I'm disappointed now I wanna see if y'all niggas gonna have something to say about Denzel talking about he kissed another man in the damn mouth. I know my real was gonna say not my Denzel And I know some of y'all gonna say she just acting no it ain't keep the same energy y'all be having for them niggas who be painting they nails treat Denzel the same damn way.


All the money in the world now. Now you gotta kiss somebody in the movie nigga. Why? But I love you. Go Denzel. It's art. I'm not gonna hold it against you. This and that. I just wanna know why you do it. What they say to you, how many money they give Don't matter how much money they gave. If if that's what you wanna do and that's what you did. That's what you did. But I just wanna see how the world gonna react and how the, what the world gonna say. I don't think y'all gonna say nothing but if you say something that don't really matter 'cause it Denzel Right Zel Right. Or keep that same image when y'all have with other people who do that y'all be dying in them talking down on them. Now your favorite actor done done it and I don't wanna hear that.


Nah, nah, he said it hisself. They took Thesing out the movie but he came out and said himself. He did it. I wanna see what you Negroes got to say now about the great cell. I wanna know I'm I'm, I'm, I'm here. I I'm here for it too. I wanna see y'all back pedal like a defensive back and he gonna feel I wanna see y'all back pedal now when you women that now lemme see if you got that same attitude now. No. Why? 'cause y'all miss, you got a cousin right now. You guess fine now he was kissing boys now you don't like it no more. But let me see if you still going watch Zel movies, let's talk about it.


I I don't give a damn movie We kiss. I like the way he act. I just wanna see how the world gonna react to this shit. That's all right. Tyson got one shot. He better get it Mely in the first two, three rounds anything later. It is over man. Lemme tell y'all something. Them first two rounds Jake Paul heart gonna be beaten like a motherfucker. They better have a paramedic on site writing. I'm telling you man. I don't care who you're, you going in there fighting Mike Tyson for two or three round. You some ain't. Some ain't right. Some ain't clicking. You talking to a nigga who play with with pigeons. What nigga even white people gonna play with pigeons. Mike the only one out there playing with pigeons.


He putting in between this gap and I know I got a gap but it ain't like Mike, Mike putting Greg in his gap. Peaches flying in like that damn pigeon flew on home alone when that little boy threw that shit on them boy and them pigeon out. Yeah. Yeah I know y'all seen home alone. I know I ain't bullshitting. I think they was in New York on that when that woman he was scared of at first put all that shit on them people and them birds flew in Guy they were pigeons. Well make sure y'all go and watch that fight tonight on Netflix. Man, it's going down man. I can't wait. I'm watching that damn fight. I'm not going on stage until I see Mike Tyson.


Slap mean knock the dog shit out. Jake Paul. I want the world. The world, the world going to pause when you do it. The world gonna pause when you do it and if you're watching this show right here today, then you gotta know this. We finna go to the hell no when I people send me question answers and I let him know if it's hell or not. He knows what he and he's here you. Hell no. Somebody ask me what would do a $5,000 with you giving the ring with Mike Tyson? Hell no. Hell Man. You know what Michael do with me? One punch. I don't think I'll wake up. I can't wake up from my, from my baby mama boyfriend knocking my ass out for 30 minutes.


What you think Mike Tyson will do with me? Man, I shit. And piss all over my damn self ain't no way. Y'all ain't no damn way I getting that with my, I'm not even finna do no interview with Mike Tyson in a room by herself. I gotta have three, four bodyguards now. And I let Mike know this right now. Hey man, you can raise your voice all you want, but if you lay one finger on me, you going die, then you know right now you're gonna die. And I, and see, and they working for me too. Shit. Kill. I'm not take no goddamn lift, no. Mike Tyson, none of that. He talk all and I sit here and talk shit like this right now. But Mike face, Mike, you have a beautiful career.


I mean, beautiful career, man. Oh, if you just took things a little bit more serious, how do you think your career would've planned now? That's the kind of interview I get, Mike. All this capping I'm doing right now, shit. I'm not doing none of that shit. I'm keeping it one, I'm keeping one with you. Bad motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? When I got my peoples with me, when I'm by myself, shit, Dov ain't got nothing to say. I'm scary. I'm not bullshiting me and you one on one. Nah, look here, look here, look here. Look, look here. Fa, if me and you fight what it's gonna solve, bro, my click gonna be mad. Your click gonna be mad. Now ain't beefing. That's the kind of attitude I got with no one-on-one.


But if you by yourself and it's three or four of my homies, I just want you to know, I just want the world to know and we get into it. You getting your ass beat. I'm just, I'm just saying. You getting your ass beat and I'm going down through there on you. I want them to put feasts and hands on you and then I'm gonna pull my camera out and then I'm gonna jump down there like I was doing it all by myself. Damn right. Get the camera right first. I want the world to know I've dropped you one on one, but it really wasn't one on one. No. Hell, that's how I'm rocking trash other day going to Jake Paul from running up there on stage and getting slapped bow, all the pepperman fell out.


The white men pockets last night. I'm not bullshit you, it were pepper miss all over that goddamn stadium when Mike slapped, they, they didn't think that was gonna happen. I, wow. He never saw it coming. And I love every big of it. Trump Mr. Go shot. When he, when when he, when they heard it, they slap. I'm not bullshitting you. I'm not bullshitting you. But thank y'all for tuning in today's show, man. Thank y'all. I see y'all again tomorrow after the Rago game, man. Real talk. God bless. Peace. I'm out. The Volume. TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More.


There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold with Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order. And that makes us fasting for life. Now, I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by your sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


What's good? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.