
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


This is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the reals, you go to eBay, score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match. Lake Timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu, the volume.


Hey everybody, welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. Today I got a special guest in the building, but before we even get started today, go ahead and hit the like button. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button. You know what I'm talking about man. All my first time users, thank y'all for subscribing. You know how I do over on the, so you know, it's strictly sports, strictly comedy. We like to gig it in over here today I got a special guest in the building, Amari Cooper. What's good fam? What's good man, appreciate you for having me on. Hey man, I appreciate you for coming on here man. You know, you kind of like that character to Ghost and Power man. It's hard to catch up with you brother. Nah man, it's just some complications man. That's all I already know.


Speak nigga at man. Let me go on and get, get straight to it man. 'cause I, I know I had several conversations with people behind the scenes of the top tier wide receivers in the NFL. You know, you got the Justin Jefferson, you got the Tyreek Hills, you got the, the CD lambs and the guy brand new Duke, the just guy, you know, with the 40 nines and everybody name always come up except yo, why in the hell your name don't never come up in the top tier wide receivers, bro. Like, I like How does that make you feel? Or, or because you are you going really just give a damn about that. Nah, of course. I mean every, every player in the NFL play for respect. So of course I, I care about it.


I just tell me I gotta go harder bro. Like, I forgot what rap I was listening to a song, you know, we like to get motivated by songs. He say, don't never let nobody tell you that you, that you slept on, you gotta take the blame that you progress wrong. So like me, that's how I look at it. Like, nah, I ain't slept on, I just gotta do more. What else do you gotta do? Five time pro bowler last two years you got 2,400 and 10-year-old. 14 to what in the hell do you got to do bro? Like me personally looking at maybe 'cause you quiet guy, you gonna bother nobody. I think you get the more of a Harrison route treat me. Nah, that ain't why you just go and do your job.


Nah, there's always more to do bro. It's levels, you know what I mean? For sure. Like, I gotta lead the league in receiving, I gotta lead the league in touchdowns. I know I could do it. I know I got the skills to do it. It just has to be done. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes you gotta make things undeniable bro. Like that's just what it is. Okay. I I, I respect that and, and I like that as a player because you're gonna hear most players saying that, that 'cause you ain't making no excuses, you gotta do more. But you have had quarterbacks who been hurt, you know what I'm saying? Right. And now you in Cleveland with Deshaun Watson, I think y'all gonna do some great things this year. You know, he, he didn't really start the season last year due to whatever his situation was. Now he's there full season Uhtraining camp.


What's the expectations this year over up there in Cleveland right now? What's the expectation? I mean, we are very talented group this year, man. I think, you know, you look at the Cleveland Browns, we never, we never won an official Super Bowl. Yeah. We feel like we got all the pieces to do it, bro. We had a, we had the best defense in the league last year, you know, un undoubtedly we had a, a really good offense. A lot of moving parts though as you, as you mentioned before, like with the quarterback position and stuff like that. Deshaun wasn't able to make it through the whole season. But now that we got him back And, we got, you know, a whole bunch of route runners in the room, you know, everybody coming back. I mean we, we just feel like the sky's the limit. Obviously every team feels like that around this time of the season right before the season starts.


But I mean, we got the pieces in play. We just gotta, we just gotta go get it. Speaking of that, and I think one of them things that doesn't get talked about, about you is your route running ability. It's a lot of great players in the league. They fast, they make exciting plays. But your route running ability, I think for me it's going to continue to give you the longevity in this NFL that most players won't get because you can actually run routes and, and, and I watch a lot of film on you bro. Like, like your footwork, you, you know, I pay attention 'cause I'm studying the game, bro. I'm trying to be a real sports angle and I don't just wanna come over here and just talk shit and nah.


Like I, I watch you bro. I watch the footwork your movement, you and them 15 yard digs and you No, I'm watching all this. You are one of the best rock running receivers in the league. You and Devonte Adams, man. What, where did that come from? Was it, was it down there in Alabama with Nick Saban them or I guess some things you just, you know, on your own instinct. Yeah, I mean it come from, you gotta think I'm from south Florida, so I mean, you being, I I don't know if you from, you from Dallas, right? Texas? I'm from Texas. No, I'm not from Dallas, I'm from East Texas. But you know, Texas and Florida, the, some of the best football players in the world. Yeah. So, so like most, most people from like other states and stuff like that, they wouldn't understand it.


But if you grew up in a Texas, you grew up in the south Florida, you grew up in a spot that pushed football like culturally, you know, you know what I'm saying? So like, it's almost like growing up in like New York playing basketball. It's the same thing. So like when you ask me where that comes from, it's just like, you know how they say repetition is the mother of all learning, growing up I played so much backyard football, I was so, I was taught by so many great coaches every day. The thing to do is wake up in the summer, play football. So like I had, I got so much reps at it to where like the footwork is just second nature. It's just like, it's just like anybody who good at anything, you know, you start young, you have the god-given talent for it and then you just, you fall in love with it and you just, you do it every day.


So like when you think about a lot of receivers, I'm one of the, I'm probably the only receiver I I, I could guarantee you I'm probably like one of the only receivers in the league who've been playing the same position his whole life. Like a lot of receivers, they start off playing, running back when they young, they might have played quarterback, you know, safety, all that up. Safety, yeah. I play receiver every single year. So like, this would be like my 24th, 25th year playing football, playing receivers. So it's just second nature at this point when it come to route running, it's not a route in the, in the route tree that I haven't ran thousands of times, you know what I'm saying? So it's just, it's just second nature. How do, how do y'all football players feel when y'all see y'all mad and race mad?


Especially when, because because I'm, I'm, I'm competing off some Gibble arena ring dead because like they just, I think they got you at 90, right? And they might have another play at 91, 92. You like, man, I know mother, well I'm better here. Come on dog, come on man, y'all home with me type shit. Come on now. But see you can't really like, man, do be tough on the ratings. But the thing I respect about it, especially nowadays is like they'll up your ratings while the season going on. So let, let's say you ball, let's say you ball out for three straight, three straight weeks and you are 90. They'll be like, okay, he been, he been going crazy like we going, we gonna get him a 93 94. So it's no, it is really no excuse. Like I'm not, you probably could tell I'm not really big on excuse making bro.


Like I see, I like that. Yeah, it is what it is bro. Okay, okay. I'm a 90 right now. Let's say I go out the first four games and have a hundred yards each game they going up the ratings. So like you can't be complaining about your ratings when they literally upping the ratings. You know what I'm saying? So that's just how I feel about it. See that, that that's what me and you different at. You gonna make excuses. I do. When my baby mama boyfriend beat my baby mama boyfriend beat me up out. I had Covid, you know what I'm saying? I got big stage 30, I got every excuse in the world. Reason why Ain ain't winning that fight. That's just me. Hey man, I just came from the, I just came from the gym, man. You might need to, you might might need to come through with me, man. I'm extending the invitation to the gym man.


Man, I come to the gym and work out with you, man. Ain't nothing like getting in shape. But speaking of Texas, like I told you, I'm from Texas, man. You played for the Cowboys, man. What you think went wrong with the Cowboys, man? What you think went wrong? What you mean with my, my career there? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think, I don't really think, I mean you mean while I'm not there? No more, you mean? Yeah, yeah. Oh, I don't know bro. It's a, it's, it's a touchy subject I would say. I don't know. From what I know, bro, the, the, my last year there, so I, I, I actually signed my second contract there, you know what I'm saying? A huge contract. So I don't, first of all, I just wanna say I don't have no complaints when it comes to playing for the Cowboys.


Like for sure. I, I enjoyed my time there, bro. It's, it, it's a great spot to play. Dallas is a great city. And then just playing, just playing for the Cowboys, bro. It, it's a good feeling being at that stadium. You feel like the lights, cameras in action. You feel the, you play prime time mostly every game. Like it's a, it's, it's what, when you dream, when you a kid, you dream of playing in the NFL, it's like playing for the Cowboys. That's what it, that's what it should be. But as far as like why I'm not there no more. I mean, I just, I got traded that that's a part of playing in the Correct, correct. Why I got traded, I mean obviously like the, the, the goal for every receiver should be every year to go for a thousand yards.


That year I got traded, I didn't go for a thousand yards because I missed a couple games because of the Covid situation. So I didn't get, I didn't get the actual, the vaccine shot. So when I actually got Covid, all the guys who got the shot, they was only missing like four days. But me, because of the rules I had to miss so many days. So I ended up missing two, two games, really Three games. 'cause the game I came back only played like 15, 20 plays because I wasn't in shape and I hadn't been practicing. And I came back the day before that game. So like, and And, we was in playoff contention, you know what I'm saying? Like, well we actually made the playoffs, but we was trying to get the number one seed And.


we was like, I think at that time we was probably like, we probably had two losses and probably like nine or 10 wins. I don't, I don't remember. I know it was around like, yeah, I was rolling. Y'all was rolling that year. I remember we was rolling, we was rolling. But the two games I missed the past game struggled And, we lost both of them gains. So I think, I don't know, I, I think, you know, Jerry was a little mad at me. I don't know. This is what I'm gonna say because we, and you know, because you know, you still in the league. You know what I'm saying? And, we gotta get this money. But I, I think you was the scapegoat for Dak troubles that year in the end. I really think he was the scapegoat for his play. And, and then that's okay. You know, Jerry can do what he wanted with his team. We get nah, but, but, but that was hooping.


He was hooping on you the play that playoff game. But how could I be the, the scapegoat for No, no, I'm, I no, no, no. This, this is, this is what I'm saying right here, right? Y'all lost that playoff game, right? Yeah, yeah. Dak you, you had convo, like you say you was covid, you didn't get over the thousand yard receivers. Right? Right. Got Larry Cooper. Got Dak Prescott on that team. Right. Y'all lose fresh round. Yeah. Jerry, what are you going to do? You know what I'm saying? Like that's the rumor. I'm, I I I was hearing is that he used you as a scapegoat saying that you want more money.


Nah, that ain't how it went. That ain't, that ain't how it went. I'm just saying that's, that's, that's, we know it might not be how it went, but you know how the beef, oh that's what, no, that like what the fans be pushing on social media, you know, the fan like, it's like the media got they own way of spinning and pushing things. The fans got their own way of pushing things. The players got they own way of pushing. Correct. And then the ownership got their own. It's just like, life is all about perspective bro. But you know, I feel like, I feel like that's what it was with me. Like, it was just like more of a situation to where, you know, I I Jerry thought I cost the team. 'cause the two games I didn't play, it was the two games we lost. We didn't get the number one seed, which the number one seed in the playoff, you get a buy.


So, so we wouldn't have never lost that first round of the playoffs because we probably would've got a buy right in the first round. So like, I don't know, I don't know what's in the mind of Jerry Jones, but all respect to Jerry man, like, oh for sure. Like I said before, like I said before, man, he, you know, he traded the first round pick for me. I went in there, I did my thing, you know what I'm saying? And, and now I'm on Cleveland. So this is exactly what I'm supposed to be. Most definitely. And like you say, y'all got one of the best defenses in the league over with Miles G over there right now, man. What is it like playing with that guy, man? What is like playing with Miles Garrett, bro, the truth. So I, I've known Miles, not on a personal level, but like when I was at Alabama, he was at Texas a and m and he was a freshman at Texas a and m my junior year in college.


So I was like, you know, just one of the top players in the country, And, we all, we had a, we had a left tackle. Yeah, cam Robinson, he was a freshman and Miles was a freshman. And I remember he, because it's hard to start as a freshman at Alabama. So Cam started as a freshman and he was kind of looking to me as like, you know, one of his leaders. 'cause I started as a freshman at ba so he was like, like always like, you know, trying to get some of my guidance. Like, cool bro, what's up? Like, you know what I'm saying? Like how I'm supposed to go about doing this. So I remember we played Florida, bro, I'll never forget And. we went against Fowler. He went against Fowler.


He was like, bro ain't gonna lie, you know, I, I feel like I had a good game. But that was, that was the best play I done played against. Now Follow was A-A-A-A-A junior. He was a junior, he got drafted number three overall that year, that same year, like a couple games later, he went against Miles as a true freshman. Miles, A true freshman man. After that game, he came up to me, he was like, man, listen, I know. I said Bro was the best player. I played the game, but Miles, I don't think I'm gonna ever play nobody as good as him. I'm like, dang like that. He like, yeah, he like, he like, he gonna get drafted, number one, overall cool. I'm like, for real? He like, yeah. And, and lo and behold, look at where he at now. You know, he just won defensive player of the year.


So Miles the truth man, you a machine. You a machine. I mean I think we all see that for ourself, man, dude out there dunking in the way he dunking at that size. Yeah. Yeah. It's amazing what Miles Gary can do. But I wanna take you back for a second, coop, man, let's talk about your time with Nick Saban, man. Do you, do you, do you, do you, do you feel like it was time for Nick to retire? That's a good question. Like I think, I haven't talked to Nick about this, but just knowing Coach Saban being around him, understanding the way he thinks, I think it was kind of unavoidable for him to retire.


Like it was inevitable that he would retire. The reason I say that is because Coach Saban, he likes to have a certain amount of control over his team, which every coach loves. You know what I'm saying? Every coach needs that. I'm saying that's why people, that's why coaches want to be head coaches in the first place. They might be a OC first, a DC first, but they don't have complete control over the team. So with Nick, Saban, like before all the new rules, he had the perfect amount of control that he wanted. You know what I mean? Like, you know, guys couldn't just up and transfer, you know, guys weren't as concerned about money as they are now with the NIL rules. And it was just, it was a perfect amount of control.


Go ahead, speak of that mean to cut you off. Speak of NIL rule man, what kind of NIL deal you think you would've got you players getting out? Like what kind of bag would you be looking for right now, man, on the NIL deal. See, see, and that's the thing. So that's, that's, I think that's, that's a huge part of the reason Coach Saban retired. So generally, like before all these rules, right? You'll have a player who will be dominating at a school, right? And it doesn't make sense for him to leave the school. But now with the NILA player could dominate his sophomore year and that next year he could enter the transfer portal because the school he's currently at is not willing to offer him the money he feel like he deserves.


So for example, if my sophomore year at Bamo, right? Let's say I came off of like an amazing year my junior year or at the end of it, at the end of that year I'll enter the transfer portal. If Bamo wasn't willing, let's say I was thought I was worth a million dollars. If Colorado was willing to pay me $3 million, I would enter the transfer port portal and go there asap. ASAP because of the money. You know what I'm saying? So I don't think Coach Saban liked that at all. 'cause it was just, it was too many variables, bro. Like you gotta think Coach Saban, he's like a, he's like a psychologist. I think that was his major in college, you know what I'm saying? So he knows how to recruit players, he know how to get them to Bama.


But I think a huge problem was keeping them there. Yeah. Like now everybody's on the even playing field per se, like with the among now like normally your typical, typical five star athlete going to Bamo, right? Right. But now it's like I, you know, I got 5 million to go over here to the Cougars, Houston Cougars. Yeah. And, and, and it's, you know, it's hard but it's fair because the reality of the situation bro, everybody not gonna make it to the league. That's the reality. And, we all know players bro. We all know players who with the truth, we just know they gonna make it to the league. But in college they just not as good as they was was in high school.


So if you, if you understand this, you 18 years old, like y'all might go to the league, but I might not, I'm trying to get everything I could get now if I could get 750,000, I need that now. You know what I'm saying? So that's just what it is. And it's like me growing up how I grew up, I think I probably would've had that same mindset. 'cause like, you know, tomorrow ain't promised and you know, growing up poor like that, you, you need it now. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I I think you know, that amongst other reasons of course is why he had to get up outta there because it was just, it was just, he, he couldn't control the situation as much as he wanted to.


And piggy off what you said, you know, 'cause you know, I know I, I come up poor but I wasn't no athlete like y'all are. But a lot of our parents are poor. Like neither one of my parents graduated. So they just say if I was in this situation, sometimes our parents be, Hey we gotta get this money baby. I know you might wanna go to Florida, I know it but Florida only trying to give you 1 million. I get it. They want but saving them, trying to give you four like I need you to go over here and get the money. And like, you know, sometimes young men, they, some of their family members, you know, pressing them and and taking certain deals and you know, I can't and I can't say they wrong, but at the same time it's about the kid.


Like what's best for him. 'cause like you say, a lot of these kids, young men are not gonna make it to the NFL bro. Some of 'em do, but they might just be on the practice squad practice squad money is different from, you know. Yeah, yeah. Pregame roster money. It's, it's, it's it's levels to this. Like when I went shopping with Floyd, it's levels. I spent my eight band Chase blowing me up fam real time. He spent 80,000 like no, you and Floyd, y'all got that kind of money. I can't, it's certain things I'm not gonna be able to do with y'all. Cool. Only thing I'm gonna do here, make y'all laugh. Everything else, 3000 bill, Hey I got the tip, I can leave six, 700 tips. I'm good with that. Yeah. So I, it just levels to this dog and you just, you just certain things you can do, certain things you can't do.


Speak the, that man fucker, young man that's watching even older men. 'cause it get to the point Cooper, now when you start being successful, like you Ain because you on another level than I am. But what I'm saying is my people look at me now as the big homie, right? But they older than me and I and that, that bothers me. I had my uncle call me, Hey big homie nigga you 75. Chill out man. Nah coop, I'm coop, come on now you no level. I'm bro. So I I nah I feel you. I feel you. For sure. For sure, for sure. And I and because they see me around y'all and on tv they think I got it. I ain't got it like that yet bro. Get me. You know what they say man, they communicate, communicate.


Go ahead, go ahead. Communication. No, what I'm saying is, yeah, what I'm saying is bro, like sometimes people don't see you who you become. They only see you as who you are. Like I'm not that same bubble that I was five years ago. I'm a different man now. I got a family, you know what I'm saying? I got kids, I can't just up and give you 15 $2,000 'cause you think I got it man, it don't work like that. But they feel like when they see you, they, I call it entitlement. Oh man you got it. It ain't gonna hurt you. Right? No, you gotta, you gotta work for this man. Nah, I think, I think one of the things I learned in that situation is I think what we get so mad because you gotta think life is all about perspective bro.


We now look at life in a different perspective, in a different light as opposed to what our family members might look at it in. And like, I think, I think one of the hugest problems with what you just explained is like yeah. Communication rule of nation. Yeah. I can explain everything to you. You might think I got, you might think I got $500,000. Yeah. But after taxes is this amount, these are the people I have to pay. I still got these bills. I still, but at the same time, why do I have to explain all this to you? Like I had a coach bro. It was, it was so cold. We was, we was doing, we, we got this thing that we do at the Browns to where we get up in front of the whole team and like coach, coach call us out like that morning he'll probably text us and be like, Hey, I want you to do this today.


We'll get up in front of the whole team and he'll and, and we'll talk to the team like about our whole life, our history, our heroes and, and other things, right? I had a coach, he stood up and he was like, because people kept asking him for stuff like his friends, his family, whatever, whatever, whatever. And his mama told, he said his mama told him like, boy you don't owe me 25 cents. What make you think you owe him a dollar? And I just stuck with me bro. 'cause this is like man, like your mama telling you like you don't as much I raised you, you don't owe me nothing, you don't even owe me 25 cents. So what make you think you owe this man a dollar?


You know what I'm saying? Like it's that entitlement that you say bro, it's that entitlement. It's just like people think that you owe them something bro. Like when they had the same opportunity you had, you know what I'm saying?


NFL week one, it is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


This is Rob Parker from the Eye Couple with Chris Broussard and Rob Parker Here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with the legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best the filet of fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Lucky Lands slots. Asking people what's the weirdest place you've gotten lucky. Lucky in line at the deli I guess. Aha. In my dentist's office more than once actually do I have to say yes you do. In the car before my kids' PTA meeting. Really? Yes. Excuse me. What's the weirdest place you've gotten? Lucky I never win and tell. Well there you have it. You could get lucky anywhere. playing@luckylandslots.com play for free right now. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. V GW group Avoid web prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


I mean it it, it's hard but a it be like that sometimes. Just like when I bumped into you at Neman Marcus that time and right that where we, we were shopping or whatever and I had a homeboy mind like, man you finna go Neman Marcus. Yeah man, I'm finna go with you too man. I need you to get me some shit now fan. You can go with DI can get you all the polo Ralph Lauren you want, you know I'm just saying I can get you some polo my g but Right, I'm, I'm going nema I'm finna get a little something different because I work for that bro. You know what I'm saying? I might spend $2,000 in here. I can't spend four. If you come that's 4,000. Nah, do it bro. You gotta better save it. Money. Money easy to get, hard to keep. I'm learning that right now bro.


Because we look at it like, man I got this coming back in. I and, and sometime it don't work like that bro. Oh no shit, everything don't last forever bro. You gotta put this money back bro. And you gotta make s more investments like me, I'm investing all my money in the holes. I know I'm gonna get the return back. Jack, I told my daddy day, said son, that's the best invest I ever heard in my life. But nah though, like it's crazy 'cause I mean you was, you being a good friend, you told 'em like, yo, I give you something. But it's like a lot of times with friends and families, they feel like they, they deserve everything that you buy for yourself. Like you go by yourself right now, whatever car you want or or whatever design or shoes you want.


They feel like they deserve that too. 'cause they family like, nah, like I'm a look out for you but you, you don't get to get what I get. You know what I'm saying? So it's crazy bro. It's crazy. And, and what I wanna know is, is we the only race that dude got to one another dude, white people do each other like that. Do Mexicans do each other like that bro. It's like, it's always us and when you don't help 'em, they wish bad things on you. Oh man, you man, you going to lose everything you got. Oh ho ass nigga now come on fan. Is it really that deep? Man? I don't think, I don't think every race is like that because I mean, as a people we just, obviously we, we the most down trot in race.


I don't think like other races when somebody in a family makes it, first of all obviously like we, the we the poorest race. So like when it come to like other races and stuff like that, you know, every, it seem like everybody got something going on, but when it come to our race it ain't a, it ain't a lot going on. That's just the sad reality of it. But I think culturally we, we, we push this on ourselves. Like I noticed with other races and stuff like that when I be, you know, around other people, it's just like if somebody got a lot going on, they family members don't really be expecting that much from 'em. It's like culturally it's just like nah, like I know that that's his, that's just, that's just what I've observed.


That's, I like how you say it because it's just like, you know me and my situation, I be around, you know a lot of people this and that, Floyd, whoever you and people like man, you ever asked, I don't ask nobody for nothing. Right. I I got my own shit I'm building bro. It's like people gonna know how to network no more bro. Like true story. And I tell people from from T-Mac to Shaq to Floyd, just off networking, just being around them bro. You know how mother cocksucker mug I made bro. Right, right. Just, just being around them and using my leverage. Hey man I want to give you this. How you gonna gimme this? You see the kind of people that rock with me? I don't know Floyd, I don't know Shaq. The motherfuckers know me. It's the difference.


So when I go, I'm using I well I call Floyd right now. I guarantee you Floyd ain't gonna like this deal you trying to give me Right Floyd, I'll FaceTime. Hey what's up Doug? I hang up, click. Alright. What you say? You want it again? You know what I'm saying because you, you you have to be, you know you have to be Yeah for sure on certain people. 'cause sometimes people try to downplay you bro. And, and don't try to give you what you worth and you know you, if somebody offered me 500,000 right? True story. I know I'm worth five, 5 million. You trying to gimme 500,000, I know I'm worth 5 million. It it's just simple. It's simple math in that. But I try to tell people now that you know some of these that's trying to get into the, because I'm a real comedian bro, I'm a, I'm a stand up comedian.


Like that's my first love. That's what I do. Right. You got I think lot of content creators now that's getting a little money now doing ski this and that and they calling they self comedians. You like a comedian man. I tell them that. Right, right. Read comedians get on that stage like Bernie Mac, Richard Pry and all the greats used to do get it in because that's one thing I'm tell you anybody who go and do standup, you got a job for life. Right. Every weekend I can go do a show fam any, every weekend God has blessed me. I can go anywhere in week and do a show and make hella money. But I don't just wanna be in one box Cooper. That's why I tell people I translated to the sports side.


I'm trying to now at the end of the games when y'all go in them locker room, y'all get tired of asking them bum ass questions like from the report but just your job, I wanna be able to come in. Hey Coop, you know I'm saying you but anybody Right. A coop. You know what I'm saying? You look a little tired. Is it the holes even though it just something to lighten up your day 'cause you could be going through anything in the world. No for sure, for sure. Ounce. You know you don't have to answer it that but it's something to brighten up your day. The old me your people journey, they they they out. They old bring in the new somebody that wanna ask somebody some real question what's going on in here. Whether you answering or whether you don't. But I'm here to make you laugh and brighten up your day.


Hey Co hey F Ain catches buck 50. Oh you getting it in today you get and I wanna see it again next week. Right, right. Nobody ever talk to y'all like that. Nobody would say Hey man you had a 150 or you balling. I wanna see it again. Like kind of like, you know competing like I know you got one 50 this week, let's get 180. You know what I'm saying? Like because, because I know as human beings and people look at, look, look at y'all like you know icons what y'all are but y'all go through shit like everybody else go through man. Right. Y'all, y'all bleed just like we bleed man. Like I know sometimes y'all might hear, oh man I had a bad, y'all know y'all had a bad game, y'all know this. Nah for sure I'm let you know but before I let you know No we know you gonna let us know.


We know that. I go look at the, I go look at the stats though because I can't come over here and get on you and you ain't got for two targets. See I can't come over here and call you tran. You ain't got for two targets. I gotta look and see what the offensive line did, what the quarterback did. See it's a lot. Seems like it's a lot going through this game co. You know what I'm saying? So I do my research before I come over here and tell people something. Like for a while people be like, Hey man you can't call LeBron tran. LeBron ain't God to me nigga. Right. I the nigga five for 30 TRASHH tonight. I know he king but I'm gonna let him know it. I don't give have no billion, I don't give a how much money you got nigga you TRASHH tonight come back out here tomorrow and ball because you fucking up a pic.


That that's just me. I I'm the guy gonna let you know and nigga no disrespect though. But the thing is like obviously you know, players have different stages in their career, right. But Correct to your point and what you trying to do when it comes to, you know, sports, media, you know, being in the locker rooms et cetera. Like, like how you just said bro, we humans at the end of the day, like people don't, I don't know why people don't understand that. It's like, and most of us is from similar environments bro. We come from, I come from the projects, you know what I'm saying? Like we all grew up around somebody like you, you know, who like making jokes and stuff like that. So when we see you doing it, that's why when bro when I met you I was like yo, I remember the first thing you said.


Hey bro, it's just jokes don't take, I'm like, I ain't tripping off for that man. True story because like it's like bro, like we, we used to that like this is how we grew up. We grew up joking, cracking. Like it's, it's, we understand bro. Like it's, it's funny. You know what I'm saying? Like, but I guess they want people to get the wrong perception when I say TRASHH 'cause people will take that like they was trying to do until they know now. Like no I'm not degrading nobody in the 'cause first of all, everybody can't make it to the pro money. Everybody can't make it to the N eBay. I'm not saying that they a TRASHH person. I don't know you personally to do that. That's not, that's not who I am. I gonna rock like that. I'm just saying this game like you saying. Right. And I like the fact that you understood that because that's the first thing I said when I seen you.


Because it's funny, it's funny because the week before that I called you TRASHH. Yeah, yeah. And that's what I'm saying. But look, but look, this a thing though. This a thing though. It's like you got different levels and calibers of athletes too. You got some who like me who, who like, they know they skilled bro. Like they know they really like that. So it's just like every athlete who's who has that mindset, they they own biggest critic anyway. So I know when I had a bad game, you know what I'm saying? So if I know it, I know somebody else know it. So I don't mind what nobody say. The only thing is, is have that same energy.


That's why I respect like certain, certain media guys I respect. 'cause if they, if they said X, Y, and Z about me and I went and proved them wrong and they recanted that, they said, you know what I was wrong about that ultimate respect because it was just an opinion at the end of the day And you, you realize that your opinion was wrong. You, you probably motivated me to go even harder if I seen it. So that's funny you say that because I think Anthony Davis like that we go to the game mean Floyd, we on the court side. Right. And I, you know, I always get on his, get on his behind or whatever, pause, you know do your, 'cause I feel like Anthony Davis one of the top NBA players. That's the, that's the way I look at him Right.


When he's healthy. Right. And went to the game, Floyd was be, I'm telling this to the world. Floyd Mayweather messy brought me to that game to put me on the front row just because they can see me because they know I be talking TRASHH about em. Right, right, right. So I'm telling Floyd like, man, them players gonna whoop your ass. I'm like champ, I got a lot of love out here. Ain't what you think I say when I come to these game watch how they, when they see me, how they react. True story. They playing the Portland Trailblazers. Right. Damien Lil and them. Soon as we go in the fans TRASHH, they see me, they, they know what I'm saying? They, they rocking with me or whatever. I see people on Portland bench tapping each other pointing at me.


True story. So I guess somebody pointed at Anthony Davis let know I was there. He go in there make a shot, he look at me, he ain't say nothing. He go down there and dunk. Look at me, run by you TRASHH nigga you TRASHH. And I'm like ing him like I told you. I'm like nigga that's what I want. I want, I want that kind of energy from him. Now he's locked in. Now I feel like okay I, these players know what I'm saying now they know if they see me in the building, they gotta come on with it. That's my whole objective if to get you. 'cause sometime we hear, we gonna feel good man. I'm not saying you, but some reason Robert, shit like man I don't feel good that man I'm gonna try to get by three or four catches and I'll be good.


Fuck that. How to get niggas you can get fam. That's my, nah we ain't gonna get three today Cooper. We gonna get 12. Even though it ain't realistically because the way you gotta spread the ball around the quarterback, this and that. But I wanna motivate you. I got my own way of motivating people. Like when I went out there to Colorado with Coach Prime Now. True story. I told 'em last year y'all were fucking TRASHH. I seen that. Yeah. I seen that. I got bro, I I gotta be real with me. I gotta be real with my, I can't sit up here and tell you Cooper, hey man, hate drop passes this game man. You still the beast. You wasn't this game. What kind of friend of, not if I don't tell you the truth bro, but see that of a man.


I think that's something people gotta understand too. I once heard like motivation is like, like taking a shower. Like you need it every day. You know what I'm saying? Like you ain't gonna take a shower today and be like, man I'm good the next Saturday. Like, nah, you need it, you stink. You need it, you need it every day. So like I I try to pull it from wherever I could pull it from. All bubble dub called me TRASHH last week. Man. I'm, I'm moti I'm locked in now. Okay, this happened. Okay, this happened. I'm trying to pull it. I'm trying to, I I need as much as I could get because I know at the end of the day I just want be the best bro. So, you know what I'm saying?


Like I just need, I just need all that motivation I could get, bro. That's how I am after the game in Colorado. Travis Hunger come to me. Who TRASHH now nigga. Yeah, that's what I like. Yeah. Yeah. Nigga talk. Yeah. Three tv. Yeah. But I think, I think now too, I think now too, like when I was at the Cowboys, you ain't have as big a following that you had, you had a big following. No it wasn't like it is now. That's what I'm saying. Now it's even bigger. So like, you call somebody TRASHH. Nah, they they done seen it. I don't think everybody seen it back then. Like they, they might've, they might've seen it if they was playing for the Cowboys or the Mavericks and something, but nah, everybody see it.


You call somebody TRASHH. So I mean, hey like Floyd, you, you hang around Floyd, Floyd always say when he like be showing off his money, he be showing off his cars and stuff. He say, you either going to be, you either going to hate or you gonna be motivated. So I feel like it is the same way with you. Like if you, if you tell the truth and say somebody played or performed TRASHH this week, either they gonna hate you for saying that or they gonna be motivated me. I'd rather take the motivation route because I know you wasn't lying. I know you wasn't lying. It's just people be sensitive bro. Like this is sports bro. You chose to be in the NFL, you chose to be in the NBA, you knew everybody was gonna be watching the game. That's what you signed up for.


So I don't know bro. I just think people mindsets be messed up bro. They be worried about the wrong thing bro. You know, you play, you know, you ain't had the best game. You done had four points, you done took 10 shots. I don't know bro. I don't know. But that would make us all different, you know, like everybody mind frame, right? Like yeah. Yeah. Yo yo your attitude, your mentality to the game. So let's talk about that game day. What's your, what's your game day rituals? I know most players have rituals before the game. What's something that you gotta do every game? Something that I got, I mean, I pray before every game. I mean, as far as rituals, bro, I don't really believe in rituals.


Like I, I'm not that guy who I gotta wear the same socks every game. I'm not that guy who I gotta, I gotta draw the same car every game. Gotta listen to the same music. I don't believe in that bro. Like, I don't believe in that. I believe in preparation. I believe in studying the opponent, knowing the playbook. Just being prepared, bro. Knowing what you up against, going out there practicing to, to the best of your ability so that you, 'cause the, the confidence comes from practice. You know what I'm saying? So I, I just believe in being prepared bro. So I think those two things, you know, setting up a prayer of course. And just being prepared, bro. Being prepared.


Had you ever had sex before a game and balled out? Like what you mean? Like the day of the game? Yeah. Hours. Oh and you have, I'm talking about you, you just unstoppable that game. Like, nah, nah, I don't, I don't, I don't think like you riding to the game, you riding to the game or if you got a driver, you riding to the game and you, it's on your lip. You man, no, I'm, I was trying to think of something but now I know why I can't think of a, a reason why is because we stay in a hotel the night before the game. We stay in our hotel. So you saying we can't, we be by ourselves and I just drive right to the game.


So nah, I ain't, I ain't, but I'm not, I'm not, like I said, I not opposed to nah, I like to be pro like the day before the game and the day of the game. I'm so locked in. I sex not on my mind bro. Like I really love the game bro. Like I really take the game seriously. I really respect the game. So it's just like, I'm not thinking about no sex or no female before the game. I, I'm really not. I'm, I'm really just thinking about the game. I'm thinking about how I can maximize this opportunity. 'cause I mean, as you know bro, it don't, this, this game don't last forever bro. So like Correct, correct. I I try to take it serious bro. Yeah, you right.


Especially in the NFL the, the life expanse. I mean expectancy of a football player is what, four, five years? Yeah, about four years bro. Three and a half. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it is not that. It is and it's a cut though. Lee's not like the NBA where everything is guaranteed. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And this is a physical sports and that's, you know, and that's something I don't know if it'll ever change but you know, I would, Curry just got what, one year? 62 million, all of it. Guaranteed brother. That's crazy. But the back to what you get said though, taxes. Yeah. And, and like, like we like, you know, we know but most people, oh he got 62 million coming this year.


No he don't. It's crazy. But that's probably by 33 million man. Yeah. And, and you gotta think he he in alley. Yeah. And he in the highest tax bracket so he getting, he, he ain't even seeing half of that. He's seeing less than half of that. 'cause he and Kelly. So, but nah, I mean obviously it's still a lot of money. But that's some, that's the thing people don't really be understanding. Yeah, he got it. He curry of course, but nah, everything ain't with a scene. C cigarettes a FA facade man. Something else I want to talk to you about. You, I just, you just gave us your breakdown on how you prepared for the game.


You ain't thinking about that. You, you you locked in. Have anybody ever mistaken you with Tyreek from Powell? Man, I get that a lot bro. I, I don't know. I don't know why bro. I'm 30 I think Tyreek what Ty, I Ain, I don't know. He like 20 something. I don't know bro. But bro, I get that you got a baby face for so that's a blessing. Like I guess it's a blessing but yo like, you don't understand bro. Like when that, especially when the show was on man, people used be calling me Tyre like pe like it's crazy 'cause on social media they'll DM me, dm me, dm me, dm me, Tyre, Tyre even under a lot of my pictures, you go into my pictures. But in person they know I'm not like, they'll be like, you look like Tyre.


But they know I'm not him because you know, I'm an athlete. I'm big, I'm six two, I'm, I got muscles. But I get that a lot bro. It's crazy. I don't think people who ain't never met you or seen you actually know the size of you though like that, like you six two, you ain't no skinny receiver. You like, you got some book to you. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm saying is a lot of players from Alabama, what, what was Nick Saban feeding y'all dog? It seem like everybody else is, is is smaller compared to Bamo. Like what is what y'all eating? I think for me, when I got to Bamo bra, I was 180, like 180 pounds and one month, no exaggeration, one month, 30 days I was 200 pounds.


I gained 20 pounds. And, but you gotta think like, growing up where I grew up, I was really like, I won't say mal nutritious, but like I wasn't eating every meal. Like, I like, it's a different, when you got money, like you got a little money Now Bubba do, like, you can eat anything you want at any time you want. You could go, you could go, you can go to as simple as it sound bro. Like you can go to McDonald's or Wendy's. Any, like, I don't, I don't eat McDonald's no more, but you can go to McDonald's or Wendy's anytime you want. Right Now, growing up in the hood, that was a luxury bro to go get a Big Mac for About what? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So like I say that to say, when I got to Bama, we had the dining hall right by the, the, the, the, the, the dorm room and the food was good and it was all you can eat, you can take it with you, you can take as many drinks you want.


Man, growing up how I grew up, I couldn't, you know, you can't get, you can't, you can't pour that jug in more than two, three cups. Boy, you outta there. Yeah. You drinking all the juice. Like, so it was different. So I got up there, I was eating a lot because I'm like, they just gonna let me take these plates to the room. They gonna let me take these like overflowing now. But I couldn't believe it. I'm taking to go place. They got, they got steak in there, chicken tenders. I'm like, they, so I could just take, I could take some right? I couldn't be, I couldn't believe it, bro. I'm taking like, oh I'm taking about 10 Gatorades. And then on top of that, to your point, what Coach Saban got us eating and doing like we used to lift bro.


Like the lift was like, I think like an hour and a half straight. You couldn't walk in the weight room. You had to jog to every station. You had a person over, you watching every rep. So you can't miss no reps. And me, I would, I would go, like if I had 10 reps or something, I would do like 12. 'cause it didn't make no sense to me to be doing everything that everybody else doing. So if he doing 10 now I wanna do 12, you know what I'm saying? So that's how I got so big and so, so strong so fast. Who yo who your top three. Why I receiver was Alabama three. Yeah, we ain't doing five. We're doing three. Ah, that's tough. That's tough.


Three, three. Not five. Three. Ah, three. Man, you put me in a spot, boy. You put me in a spot. All right, I'm gonna take myself out. I'm gonna take no myself out. I gotta go. I know it's tough. Yeah, that's, that's tough girl. That's tough. Can can I do five bro? Lemme do five. Do you five Do your five. All right, let me do five. Okay, we gonna go no order, right? Ain't gotta go. No, no, no. It's no August. There's no all, all right. So I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go.


Julio, Judy, Calvin Waddle. Smitty. Yeah. Okay, I like that. Now I had to do five. You put me in the spot man. Alabama, bro. We had weeks wide receiver. You what was, what was your 40 time at the combine? Four. 4, 4, 4 2. Yeah. 4, 2, 4, 4, 2, 4. Four, two. Yo. But you got football speed though. It's still fast. 4, 4 2 is fast, bro. Like, lot of people like, but he ain't running no. 4, 2, 4, 3. But your route running abilities like yeah, Jerry rides what, four, five?


They say four six. He was a four six I think. Yeah. But you can't tell on film and no. Like some people got football speed, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean it's just like, you know, it's just like anything else bro, you know, make sure you like with speed. So, so when you talk about speed, you break it down scientifically. Like we, football, we, we professional athletes. So we break these things down into the simplest form. So, so when you break speed down to the simplest form is stride, length, time, stride, frequency. So what is stride length? You know how when somebody running, you'd be like, that boy got stride. It's 'cause like with every step, it, it, every step is long, it looks long.


That's stride length. Stride frequency is how fast the legs move. You ever seen a short guy running the legs moving like this? That's stride frequency. So speed is that time, stride, length, stride, length, time, stride, frequency. So then the question is how do you get your stride frequency up? Or how do you get your stride length up? How do you get your stride length up? It's all about technique. It's all about lifting weight, room and technique. Those are two things that's gonna get you faster. So you need the weight room because it's gonna get you stronger. So every time, every step you take, if you, if your legs are strong, that means every step you take, boom, it's so powerful that it'll, it'll you'll be jumping in the air, you'll be propelling.


So that stride length for be long, you know what I'm saying? And then as far as stride frequency, same thing bro. Strength too. Strength and technique. The fact like you, you, you, as soon as your leg hit the ground, boom, you trying to get it to hit the ground again. So it's all about technique and and strength. So yeah, you gotta work on your speed, man. Especially if you gonna be a a, a dynamic receiver. You don't have to be fast, you don't have to be fast to be a good receiver though. But that's correct. I'm saying it's part of the being a dynamic receiver, you know, after the catch, things of that nature. So yeah.


Hey, this is Mario Lopez from On with Mario Daily podcast. Here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the filet of fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price Bottom.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere? Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woo. Chumba Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the temba life. Visit cheba casino.com btw group. No purchase necessary for prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus.


Are you ready to have your bacon? Love in mind? Blown Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious, thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut Bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is, all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


What's the toughest hit? What's the toughest tackle you ever took? Toughest hit was he gets to, Ooh, I think it was last year. I ain't know, but to you girl, because usually, so this the thing, 'cause BI know you trying to, you trying to up your football knowledge. I I I be seeing you talk about sports, it seem like you a real sports fan so you know your stuff, but you know it, you can always know more for sure. But like with a receiver, one of the biggest hurdles to get over, believe it or not, playing receiver, is being able to go across that middle and take that hit because it's just, it's just something about a guy hitting you who you can't see.


Like that's a fear that you gotta get over. You know what I'm saying? Like, so I mean, early on, like I used to be like, man, I ain't trying to go across that middle. You know what I'm saying? But you ain't gonna never really be a great receiver if you can't make those tough catches across the middle. You know what I'm saying? But one of the things I realized that helped me get over that was the fact that yo, every time I go across the middle, I'm, I'm, I'm fearing something that ain't there. You know what I'm saying? And then when I finally did start taking those hits, they didn't really hurt. Like none of 'em really hurt at all. So I was like, oh, this receiver junk ain't it ain't what they making it seem like them hits that you see on tv.


Ooh, they don't really be hurting like that bro. I mean, you got on a helmet and shoulder pads and stuff like that. So, and then it's all about pain tolerance too. But I say that to say last year after playing receiver for so long, bro, I took a hit and it hurt crossed the mil because he crossed the mil. What it hurt. Let me just say this. I'm I, I'm trying to be foggy, but I know you, you got, because we no players respect player. It wasn't Jameson that threw it, was it? Who Winston? Nah, he wasn't on the team last year. He was on the Saints. Okay. He was on he with y'all now. I heard he's your great teammate by the way. I I rock with Winston. Yeah, that's my boy.


That's my boy. Nah man, but boy ooh, I got so, I I it was a shallow cross. It was, it was, it was a late ball. It was a very late ball. And I, I see every time I got hit hard, I knew the guy was gonna hit me. But me being me, I'm like, I still gotta go catch this. It's a lot of receivers who will pull up and be like, nah, I feel him coming. I ain't pause. I, I feel him, but I but Ain ain't finna go catch this. But anyway, I felt the guy, you know what I'm saying? In my, I I seen him in my peripheral a little bit or I don't even think I seen him. I just, I felt that he was on his way. I say I put it like that and I still reached out for it and I got, he hit me with the crown in his helmet in my ribs, bro.


Like, and it felt like I got shot bro. 'cause like if you go back and, and watch it, when I got hit, I like curled up on the ground and I, what happened was I had like, he knocked the wind out of me. So I'm, it felt like I got shot. Like I'm, I can't breathe. Nah, I ain't playing, I'm not playing. I'm, bro, I'm like, I'm like this for like 15 seconds, bro. Like I couldn't but I jumped hurt and that was the, that was the, that was the hardest hit I took, I would say for sure. But you being who you is And, we know you ain't gonna never upstage the quarterback.


That's why I never been a nigga fell. 'cause I'm running to him like, like you say number one, the ball late. That motherfucker like that. Come on man. Nah, you but what can you do? But this what I'm saying, I don't shit choke him in the locker room shit, bro. You bro, you, you wide receiver bro. You all pro on your to a hall of Fame career bro. Like you gotta have a better of judgment bro. Don't don't leave me into that damn block. You need me. We got motherfucker, I got you need me rest of the game. You gonna, nah, that's lose me. Don't wanna get nothing like that because me, I like you say some players pull up.


That's me. I'm pulling up every time and pointing. I I won't be in the lead room. I ain't, I been there got cut, I been the dig Antonio Brown leave during the game. I ain't got time for this shit. You gonna point to him on the field saying hell no. Shit. I'm come home doc. See that's why I like, you know you smart, you, you, you a you a great wide receiver. You a great teammate. But I'm saying me bro, I would cause a scene on that motherfucking sideline bro. Like, like they gonna have to call a timeout. The ref's gonna have to call a timeout, come over here and get this shit right between me and this quarterback because at the end of the day, this a team sport right my mouth for me too.


I ain't, I ain't trying to hide it. It it's me at the end of the year we can go, oh 17 I had 1800 yard receiving. Goddammit. No, I had a one 30. That's me. Oh, 17. No, but see the, now this is the thing though. B do Ain ain't gonna lie to you. I I hear what you saying but that's a perspective of a guy who ain't been in those 18 week long season, bro. Because I'm gonna tell you like this, when you winning season go by fast. When you losing it's like you playing for two years straight and, and, and every day coming into that locker room is like, why am I here bro?


It's like I'm I'm sure you worked a job to where you just ain't never want to go. Th like you ain't, you ain't even want to get up for that job, but you might've needed the money. Yeah, that's how I feel when you, when you losing bro, it don't feel good bro. You trust me. You don't want go no O 17 and have 1800 yards. I mean you might get a good contract outta that, but whole point I got Nah, and, and and I and I feel you on that. We all gotta eat. But you don't wanna go through that bro. You don't wanna go through that like said the people who watch it now y'all can understand and see where Calvin Johnson was coming from. Like you get said. Exactly. And I, and I know Calvin personally, I know Kevin personally, bro because he, when I was a young buck at the Raiders, this, he had just retired too.


He had a, a couple coaches that coached for us. So he came and helped us out a little bit. And so, you know me nationally, I'm chopping it up with him 'cause this is a guy who went for 1900 yards in his league future hall of, I mean did he, did he, did he make the hall of Fame this year? I think, I think he made the hall of Fame Calvin? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, or, or previously I don't know. He made he he gold jacket member for sure. Yeah. But yeah, so I'm chopping it up with him, you know, soaking in everything. He put his, he put his whole life on the line for that organization. Man. I if you, if you meet Calvin and you look at his fingers, like you see me, I got this one finger like this, it's kind of like bent. You see it dub? Oh yeah.


Damn. I think it bent like, so if you look at this pinky, it's just a regular, regular look how you, how how you do that. So I did this at Bama and it's, I know I did this at the Raiders fingering them holes. That's how you did that ba you did that at ba I'm go a tap or catch. Nah, I ain't catch the ball. It was, it was actually my first game. We played Michigan and tried to catch the ball came down wrong and I, it it was really messed up and he had to pop it back in plays during the game. But if you look at Calvin fingers, he got like, so you got 10 fingers, he got like four fingers like this but worse. I'm talking about they all messed up because you know Stafford, he threw a hard ball man.


I heard that. I heard he had one, had one of the strongest arms in, in the, in the league. Yeah. Nah, for sure. No doubt. So man, all his fingers mess. I'm like, how? And you look at him, they look they they way worse than this. I'm like, how you caught the ball like that? Like his fingers messed up. He like, hey I just, I just did it. But yeah bro, Calvin, he went through a lot man. So he Barry Sanders too when they was losing with the lions bro. Like it's a reason some of these guys only played nine, 10 years bro. When, when, you know, those could've been the guys that played 16 years made six more years worth of millions of millions of dollars because they was the best players at their position.


But I don't know bro, sometimes it just don't be worth it to those guys to come in year in and year out to be going two and 14, three and you know what I mean? Like those years and then you know, guys be having kids like they would rather spend that time with they kids bro than to be going out here losing every game and the organization not doing nothing about it. So Yeah. Yeah that's, yeah. Looking at y'all hands like I say man, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all at war out there. Even though the league as people say it's, it's soft man. It's just different eras man. You like the NBA. The NBA ain't the same no more. It's different eras man.


You gotta protect the investments man. They Ain F-L-N-B-A networks getting eight, $10 billion deals. They gotta have to start players out there bro. They can't have 'em all injured. Ain't nobody gonna wanna watch. But lemme ask you a question. I I just thought of something because I know you was like, we was just talking about the TRASHH thing and I was just telling you how I, how don't, how I don't take offense to it. You know what I'm saying? In your stand up career, have you ever been booed, never been booed, you've never been booed but you seen people who done been booed, right? I done seen people been booed but to piggy off your point, I done perform some nights where people say man you did great. I didn't feel like I did.


Yeah exactly. After every freaking show. So somebody like you did great in my mind nigga I was TRASHH my delivery wasn't right. I might have stuck along a couple jokes but you know because of who we are, the people are, oh man you killed it. Nah, I ain't kill it. It's some things I gotta work on In my mind you TRASHH tonight Doug. So I have somebody like my right hand man that's going to hook, hook this up, whatever on like though you gotta, this what I learned coop. I started trying to please people instead of being who got me here. What got me here was me never smiling just even though I'm happy inside but I just got that meme mug.


That's the people they wanna see on stage that I'm telling that joke. Ain ain't smiling and I'm telling, I'm looking you dead in your eyes and delivering this shit. That's what I had to learn 'cause I was trying to be Jerry Morgan on stage. People paid their money to see Bubba do. That's a fact. So when I learned how to be who I am on the videos on stage, my career just took off. But I always worked behind the scenes. I always worked on my material. I don't have to come out and joke on the crowd. A lot of people joke on the crowd 'cause they ain't got no material. Right, right, right. Ain ain't never gotta say nothing to the crowd. I can just come out there and do my thing and people love it. So, but me how I am like you saying you going to and I need to take that approach too.


'cause sometime I do be feeling like when they had the top five, top 10 comedians and my name never get picked and I'm a different kind of chameleon 'cause I don't do skits like, like yeah I'm a word play. I'm a word play. These comedians ain't talking how I'm talking when I'm, they ain't doing that. So I was like okay cool. Okay let me just really story. Tell this shit now, tell some shit. So So who your top five comedians? Top five comedians Richard Pryor talking about all time or guess right now? Lemme see. Lemme see. Let's go. Well when I did my top five we did right now. So let's do right now. Right now. Top five.


Corey Holcomb, you putting yourself in or you taking yourself up? No, hell no. Okay, okay, okay. We'll go Irv Quake gotta go Dave Chappelle. I mean that's only right. I Kat Williams gotta go man. For sure, for sure. Fifth, I will go Ali Shadiq gotta check him out. If you ain't gonna bring up on him, check him out bro. I think I I think I know you talk like I be, I I'm a, I love, I love standup comedy bro. I I love it. My favorite all time is, you know Bernie Mac.


I assume it's one of your favorite too. What? Yeah. So this is what get me about. I'm learning everybody ain't gonna like you Cooper, no matter what you do, everybody ain't gonna like you. That's a fact. So when I hear people and it just me personally and, and and, and I'm gonna say this to say this when I hear people say, oh man you ain't funny and Bernie Mack ain't funny nigga. Yeah I speak the same raw shit. He speak it because that's why he's on genius of comedy. Like I don't like everybody comedy is different from my comedy. My comedy. I make your stomach hurting than my motherfucking shows. I ain't gotta do no corny shit and I'm just speaking life experiences bro.


And that's all I'm doing here. Life experiences, me getting on here, just talking. That's, that ain't ain't nothing written. That's talent, that's improv. A lot of people gotta be coached to do this. This shit just in me bro. Like Shreveport true story we got in this report at the 50 cent thing. Right. I'm he already telling people like they sleeping on you. So lemme tell you how comedians do you got everybody there, Dave Chappelle, DC Young Fly, Matt Strife the white boy, Cole Big, he big heavyweights in the hip hop. I mean in the comedy you ain't heavyweight you got come. Oh man I'm gonna go out there and do my little thing come off.


I I'm the only one wore a suit. I'm the only one wore a suit bro. Because I know opportunities like this don't come that much 'cause people just look at me as an internet comedian. Right. So I'm the only one wore a suit. They will laugh. Ah ha you in that suit. They trying to talk to me before I go. I'm not trying to hear a motherfucking thing. Right. I I got eight minutes, motherfucker get this crowd all eight motherfucking minutes. That stole a show, stole a motherfucking show and I come set. You got the engineers, they come to me. Oh my fucking god. Yeah we didn't know. Yeah we didn't know.


And you know me, I'm like I've been telling y'all but y'all don't wanna listen. But it's cool now I got the light on me now, now I can show and I showed y'all what I can do. I showed you I can do amongst the best. Right. And I haven't had a, I haven't been around the, the Cat Williams bro or the Dave Chappelle's or the more want to learn. I haven't most, I'm not knocking all the comedians who had that opportunity to be around them. But I ain't bro I had to drive two or three hours to Dallas or Houston to try to do open mics. Yeah. Like people don't understand what it took to get to where I'm at. They just look at you on the phone. Oh you an internet chameleon? No, I could do it with the best though.


I just need that light on me. That's why I'm just working and working and working. But my passion is comedy is standup but my other is sports. That's why I wanna learn the game more. I just don't wanna be out here. You TRASHH and just talking shit. I'm talking shit. But I, I'm speaking facts about what I'm seeing. It's all opinion. At the end of the day. I'm just calling it like I see I had so many people in my dm bro. Man you gotta call bro TRASHH, he a kid to me. Right. I'm, I believe in anybody bro. I come from the dirt, I'll be a hypocrite. Oh man. To say that boy ain't gonna make it. We know he ain't bru. We all know that he his own man. So like it, like it it be your own people.


Are you selling out nigga? That's a kid to me bro. I'm in my mid thirties bro. Yeah. I got niece nephew that his age. Yeah. Not, you know what I'm saying? That's why I don't I I dig it but just to, just to just to to instill something know them. But I don't like calling college kids TRASHH. Yeah. Not my thought bro because they still kids 20 or 21 to me they still kids To me. To me. No that's a fact. So I be wanting to be like, you know I won't be a motivator bro. That's the thing I want, I want teams to call me in and to talk to y'all and because like you say, a lot of people gonna come from, we come from Cooper and it's not nobody's fault.


Some people born with silver spoons. I wouldn't. Right. Right. We were so broke Cooper, we used to go to funerals just to eat. I tell this story all the time, bro. That's tough. We didn't know who was dead. Didn't give a damn what y'all eating. I'm the only black dude, like a white man free. True story. I ain't know Dave New colored. See he knew me. Hey you told yeah every time. Nah that's cool Alabama. I can take all this because you know when you go to funeral they gonna give you album to go places. I got five of 'em loaded up. Yeah. Yeah. Ain ain't got rap about spending no money. I got what's they what they what? Baked chicken? Yeah.


IES string beans. I'm good. Yeah, I know what it takes to come from the bottom and working my way up to the top. That's one thing Floyd told me, he said, bro, one thing I like about you bro, you are a hard worker. He said bro, I got a lot of people around me but they always want me to give 'em something you ain't ask me for shit. I don't want shit bro. It's a blessing just to be around you bro. I'm still surprised how you even freaking know me. Yeah. Like people ask me, how do it feel to be around y'all? I, I don't know because everything is happening so fast. I haven't had time to just sit back and get soak again. And when people see me with a picture with you and they'll be like man, how I feel like they just regular people bro.


Right, right. They see but they see everybody as different. So now when I go to Colorado show my support to Prime, oh man you just, man you supporting that school. Go support HBCUs and this and that. I'm supporting my brother at the end of the day. I done reached out to Eddie George. I would love to come down there and do the same thing I'm doing for Coach Prime do for him. That's my, that's what I wanna do. Anybody. And I'm not racist or nothing like that, but I'm saying I wanna support my brothers that's in power right now. I want be able to come up to these colleges, come on the sideline, chop it up with these kids. I wanna put a spotlight on the kids that's on these teams that ain't got a big name that's balling.


Come on to your show bro. Let me shout you out. Let me put some people on you. I got a, a guy that helped me build a platform. Now somebody gonna see you right now What you do with this opportunity's on you. I don't want shit from it. I just wanna be the guy to say I want the unknown to be known. That's what I'm trying to do with this show. I want players to come on this show nobody really know and pull a spotlight on and then you throw up balling. There you go. Yeah. Offensive linemen are people like I think some of the offensive lineman don't get the credit they deserve because got they protection the quarterback don't get the yard. You don't get the yards you get gotta have time to throw the ball. But all we see is the quarterback.


It's the quarterback man. It's the offensive line too. You see what Andy Reed done, done for Pat Mahomes? Yeah. It's all about protection. And I know it's a lot goes into the quarterback making his res, like you say, throwing the ball on time, holding the ball too long sometimes can result in sacks. I know this shit. Yeah. Yeah. Offensive line is where it's at. And like you said, you got Miles Gary, great defense. If they control the line of scrimmage, you can win some games man. But it sounds so easy. But it is not sound easy but it's not. Yeah, because I mean, I mean you to your point, you know the game blocking and tackling, that's what it's gonna come down to. Blocking and tackling.


You know what I'm saying? Everything else comes after that really. But yeah. You know, you know. See you be watching, you know, bro. So, so so the Cowboys your favorite team right, bro. And and I'm saying this to say this 'cause I don't putting that, oh no, I don't wanna be put in that box. I don't wanna be put in that box. I rock all 32 teams. Fa I remember what you told. I don't want them to put me in a box where you only because like that's all people think. Oh you just the Cowboy fan. That's my biggest fan base. I like all teams who wanna bring me in. We can get this paper. Yeah. Yeah. I remember you told me that after the fight.


Yeah. Yeah. That, that's real talk. I'm, I'm, I'm a free agent and I'm going to the highest book. Nah for sure. I love the Cowboys and I always will love the cowboy. I'll just able to go up there and visit Mike tumbling with the Steelers. Yeah. They brought me in to do some comedy for the, for the, for the team. It was dope man. Got a chance to see Russell Wilson, Justin Fields and crack some jokes on him and this and that and going, but I'm a fan of the game and reason why I tell people this and I tell you, oh man, you gotta be loyal one team. You niggas ain't lawyer. I ho you ain't little your own girl. How you gonna tell me I need to be loyal to a team fan.


I'm loyal to prize picks. Right. And the people that I rock with, I ain't gonna lie, I'm not a Cleveland Brown fan. I call 'em the dude Brown fan. I always say I can't talk bad about it 'cause my bro Cooper over there Ain, anybody gonna tell you that? Anybody in the league that I run with, bro. Like I can't do it 'cause my bro over there man. Because it's always about respect with me. At the end of the day, it's all about respect. I feel you because like, it's like growing up, right? I'm from Miami, like I'm a hometown guy with every, with all my sports team. So I'm a he I was a heat fan, a a dolphin, a a Dolphins fan and a fan, you know what I'm saying?


But it's like I'm in the league now. So it's just like I ain't running around saying I'm a Dolphins fan. It is just like, yo, whoever who, you know what I'm saying? Like whoever want me on a team, whoever drafted me, that's who I gonna play for. I ain't finna be like, nah man, I'm a Dolphins fan bro. The the Raiders drafted me man, I don't, I don't wanna play for the Dolphins. It's like, it don't make no sense. So I feel where you coming from, it's just like, yo like yeah I love football. Yeah, I'm from Texas. You know what I'm saying? The Cowboys playing Texas. But at the end of the day, I love sports. Like I would love to come and help out in any capacity that I can't, even if it's doing training. Like bro, when I was in, when I was at Bama doing training camp, coach Saer had somebody come talk to us every night.


Whether it was a motivational speaker, somebody to make us laugh because we needed, we needed that every night. So like what you speaking of, you know you can come in that same capacity and help with any team. Like all the players know you. You know what I'm saying? So, man, believe it or not, we could use those labs, we could use that motivation. So nah, I feel where you're coming from for sure. It's funny you say that 'cause I just had a situation, I ain't supposed to say this, but I don't give a damn, I would've been probably still can happen, but Ambassador for the Cowboys. But you know, I said some things about Jerry Jones, this is comedy. All the players want me.


You know what I'm saying? All the players want me to come in and this and that. But at the top like, oh no, he said this about Jerry being old. He is old, right? At the end of the day, this is entertainment. I and what, so what you, what you think about that? Nothing, nothing bad, just no, no, no. Not not to cut you off, but like one. 'cause I told you I'm a com I'm a comedy fan. I love standup comedy. But one thing I noticed is when they was doing comedy in the nineties versus now the world is so much more sensitive. Number one, this, that's my first part of my question. The world is so much more sensitive. It's like you can't even get away with the same type of comedy that you could get away with in the nineties.


It's like, it's more censorship on comedy. So what do you think about that number one? And then number two, how does that affect your approach to coming up with these jokes for the comedy? And, and I guess it's a three part question. My bad. And the last, the last bit is like, you know, you gotta be real bro. You gotta be true to yourself. It's just like, do you, like, a lot of times down the jokes you make can cost you opportunities. Like, do you think about that? No. Okay. I can't live, I can't live like that.


I, I and I feel that. I feel that IIII feel like me being who I am is what got got what got me here. And anybody know with me it's just jokes. It's, it's just jokes. Right? But I I gay jokes, what I got gay people in my family. It's all about how you tell the gay joke. Some people tell gay jokes and be demeaning, demeaning to 'em. Like trying to be hurtful. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I tell it in a way that're gonna make a gay person laugh. Like I tell a joke even though it's not true, but to, to resonate. 'cause I have gay people in the crowd. Like, you can't stop who come to your show. Like people who like you, they just like you. And I was like, man, you know I got a son man, just find out he's gay.


And everybody be like, aw. I'm like, I'm be all. That's my nigga. I call him sugarfoot. See, see that when I sge it first they think I'm gonna go in. No. And I'm like, and I just found out I, I have a son, you know? And the whole time I was sending his mama muggy for Jordans and stuff, I could have been singing muggy for flip flops and lip gloss. I could come out a whole lot cheaper. Heck I would've known this right? And that just like used to, oh man. I had like now like in the sports world, bro, I say where I done crossed over, I have more and more white people at my shows than I ever had. And me thinking 'cause I got white material, but I was thinking like, man I gotta do this and that.


And someone told me, no you don't. They here for you. They like you just the way, don't you change shit.


This is LaVar Arrington from up on game here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half T tundra. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best the filet of fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Are you ready to have your bacon? Love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is, all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you're not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo


Lenovo, I don't like comedians for what they do, but I'm not a racist comedian. I don't have to go on stage and talk about you white MS I'm gonna tell some white jokes that make everybody love it. And that's the ability of me. Like you can't please everybody. So I give everything, I got coop on stage, I leave it all on the stage. I don't want no regrets. Like true story. I got a Dwight Howard joke, I don't hold it back. I know Dwight Howard from Atlanta. I go Atlanta to that joke. I don't hold, it's not personal.


Right. Shit that I'm talking about though. Like he can't never dispute what I'm saying and it ain't nothing bad. It's just that, you know, I be like, you know we was in the club in Atlanta, strip club women everywhere shirt off. I his shirt off. He got on baby oil. True story. He got on baby oil. Yeah, he reached down. You know he tall. Hey man, after Paul get my spot. Just me, you and the fellas. NI get that Covid vaccine before I go Dwight Howard. I'm just chill bro. Chill. I can't, I'm just being me. But nah, I did want to ask you another question too.


Like, so a lot of times with us athletes, right, we know what it takes, you know what I'm saying? To be great in our industry, what we do. You know what I'm saying? I wanted to kind of know, so like with me, right? Of course I I you know, my whole life I've watched film, I've studied the greats of my position, et cetera, et cetera. I wanted to know like from from your vantage point when it comes to this comedy stuff, like, because it's all about growth. You know what I'm saying? When we talk about life And, we talk about us wanting to be successful. How do you go about sharpening your craft in the comedy world? Like do you, do you watch the Richard Pry? Do you, like, what do you do?


What's some of the things that you do? I I watch the Richard Pry, I watch the Bernie Max. A lot of people don't, a lot of people real comedians. It's all about delivering the deliverance and timing of a joke. Mm. Yeah. Vegas once if you know how to deliver, like a lot of people go to open mics, right? My open mics is me getting on their phone talking shit. If you watch how I do my shit, I'm really doing standup right there. Like most shit that y'all hear I do on stage, people can't do that. So last week, like that Floyd joke I told I do on stage and then you got fans come around.


Oh man that sound like Kevin Hart. Nah f this really happened. That's why Floyd jumped in the comment, I ain't got the cap about shit. That shit really happened the way I said it happened. I seen one thing now that you bring up, I seen one thing one time where somebody was like, it, it was either, I don't know bro, like I think they say somebody stole a joke from you or you stole a joke from somebody and you was, and you was like, nah, fa like you, you, you, you don't remember that. You talking about, you talking about the Charles the white situation. That's what it was. It was a Charles the white situation. I never said it 'cause I, I guess me but somebody in my camp put it out that day.


He stole a joke, which I didn't give a damn, which Okay, okay, okay, okay. And, and, and the dude who interviewed me was like, Hey man, I heard that they said you stole it. Nah, it was the other way around. Oh, okay. So nah, the reason I asked and that, and that happens. Yeah. So that's the reason I asked. Yeah I ain't, I ain't Ain ain't trying to be messy. But the reason I No, no, it's real talk. It's real talk. Yeah. So the reason I asked, 'cause I did watch the, the Shannon Sharp interview, shout out to Shannon Sharp. I watched the, the interview with him and Kat Williams and he was talking about, because you know, like we, we, we all live in our own domain, you know what I'm saying? So we don't be knowing everything that just like, you don't know everything that go on in the locker room of a NFL locker room.


We don't know everything that go on in the comedy world. So like when Kevin, when when Kat Williams was saying that like whole bunch of people stole his jokes, he wrote jokes. Like we was like dang, that's, that's why the interview was so big. 'cause he was dropping so many jewels that people didn't know. So I wanted to, I wanted to ask that like how often does that happen? Do people really be stealing jokes like that people, people still jokes. And, and to go back to that situation, I like, I told them I don't care who steal my joke, you can't deliver it like me. How you gonna deliver it? Yeah. It's just like no different from UNC because I'm, you know what I'm saying? Unc no different from shit. Stephen A. Smith, when they go on TV and scream TRASHH, they can't fucking see it like me.


Yeah, nah that's true. People know where it comes from and how it's so I don't care. That's true, that's true. That don't bother me. But a lot of comedians that's lower tier, that's never going hate to say it probably bubble or whatever. People do steal their jokes and that's higher up and, and take it and people. Oh man, that's great joke. Oh yeah, when they stole it from somebody at the bottom. Yeah, kind. But people don't understand the comedy world bro. We all think alike. We all say shit in different ways. So you can say shit in your own way and somebody come along, man I got something just like that. That don't mean that person stole it bro. I had to deal with that bout two months ago with somebody.


Yeah. I, I put it out, sit damn near dig a million views. Dude got mad man. They guy took my joke. Nothing. The joke don't sound like nothing like his bro, but because I got so much love off of it and he didn't and I'm like fam I ain't even know you. I ain't never heard of you bro. But, but, but who I am, I'll never do that joke again. My people tell you I don't even do that joke. Ain ain't even gotta do that joke bro. Like, because it sounded nothing like yours because this was then after we have a talk he was like, man gone. If you going to tell that joke, you gotta tell it. Right. I said, are you listening to yourself?


If I'm gonna tell that joke I got, you know, are you listening to what you saying bro? Because the jokes sound nothing like yours bro. Yeah. So he was reaching the whole time. That's crazy. But it's all love. I respect him and you know, you know us, some of us internet people bro, we know we, we shoot past a lot of people. That's them being in the game bro. 15, 20 years. And I sometimes they get bothered by that and I understand bro. But I'm really, and this is when me, him, me and him have a conversation bro. 'cause you know the people in the coming game, they like to talk behind the scenes. Right. And what he told me was when I, when I thought you had stole my joke, I went to talking about people about you.


They were like, he wanted no ones bro. Yeah he nice. That nigga nice on that motherfucker stage bro. So he, you have a man to man with him, but he one them niggas, he ain't one of them. Nigga that niggas like that nigga check that nigga resume and And, we was able to re resolve that and, and, and talk about it. But like I told him, no disrespect you bro, but most comedians think alike bro. Right. Like it's, it's, it's, it's some jokes. Bernie Mac done said the earthquake done said not the same joke. It just, yeah because it seemed like it, it seemed like, like what I noticed when it come to comedy and stuff like that, it seemed like, you know how it'd be like social events happening, like something would happen socially and it'll be trending on the internet.


It seemed like sometimes y'all would take that event and try to make a joke out of it. You feel me? So I could see how some comedians are take the same event that just happened. Like for example when Donald Trump, the, the Donald Trump got shot in the ear. I'm sure it was a a thousand comedians that took that situation and say I I need to find out how to make a joke out of that. You see what I'm saying? So it ain't farfetched to think somebody would go along the same lines and try to make the same type of joke. So when you say it on stage it might sound similar but that don't mean he stole your joke. Yeah. Nah, y'all just pulled from the same event. You see what I'm saying? So I I I see what you're saying for sure no different from these content creators now putting on headsets, acting like they the head coach talking to these girls mamas.


I started that shit but I don't care these boy been doing these skits now about sleeping with these little boy that come from me. But the world people who just not get on you, they be like, oh man you stole that from such and such. What? That may that came from me. I just had a situ. I don't know what I was thinking about but I, I feel what you saying sometimes like if somebody get on you, if somebody been on this person for three years, then they get on you and they see you making a joke that they heard him say 'cause they was on him first. They think you stole it from him when reality he probably stole it from you. Nah, ain't no reality. Definitely got it from me and I just be the first to say that. You see in Craig now I heard doing the little league football skits.


Yeah. So you ain't never stole no joke. That's what you trying to say. No, no. Nah I feel you. I feel you. Nah I feel you. I went through so much shit in my life bro. I got so much funny shit that I haven't even put out there yet bro. To steal somebody's shit. I don't wanna steal nobody's shit, bro. I don't have to. I got so much pain struggle to living good now. I hate saying that 'cause my phone gonna start ringing to Nah, for real. I gotta watch what I sag days bro. But no bro, I don't wanna steal your shit bro. I don't wanna be Kevin Hart. I don't wanna be Desi Banks, I don't wanna be Ky I'm bubble do so, so and I tell so, so go, go ahead.


So, so, okay, so how you feel like you make the jokes land though? Like, you know how they got a you how just said the delivery, like what's the sauce? You probably don't even want to get this up, but like, what's the sauce behind making a joke Land? Like I know this going to land. I gotta say this like this first, then I gotta put it like this and I say this at the end and it's going to land because they gonna be, you know what I'm saying? Like what's, how'd that go? My emphasis, my emphasis on words bro. So it be the words, like how you say TRASHH? Like TRASHH, you say it a certain way but no, I used to say it but not move that head with it now. You know what I'm saying? It just, okay. You know, it's like, oh man you TRASHH like it don't work now it's like, nigga you TRASHH nah for so, so nah, it's, it's a different, when I say it like that now it's with swag.


Nah. 'cause it's, it, there's definitely a certain way you say it that's gonna make the people laugh. For sure. Who gave you the, who gave you the best advice? The best? Like the, the the best career advice you would say? Like what was that advice? The best career advice I probably got was probably from Tracy Grater. He, Matt, I'm gonna tell this story. I ain't never told it. I T-Mac was my favorite basketball player ever. Yeah. He was cold. He was cold. Favorite basketball player ever. I used to put him up with Kobe. It just me. Everybody got their opinion. Everybody got their opinion. Nah, T-Mac was cold. Yeah. Florida guy too, so I know. Yeah. From Florida. So I had a friend say, man, my friend coached with Tmac.


You know me, my eye like Tmac, like man's my favorite player. It's like two years ago. I'm like, for real? He's like, man, he be in your comments. You know me. I gonna see every like, man you crazy Tmac ain't no bigger my damn comments. Let me go and see. He in my comments. I was like, man, I'm I'm gonna reach out, right? So you know how y'all live. Y'all even don't like to respond back. So I reached out. I was like, bro, man, I ain't know you rock with me. He hit me right back, man, you a fun Ji. I guess that's the Florida word, Jiji? Yeah. Fun shit. He was like, man, I see you like the Lakers in basketball. I was like, yeah man, say you wanna go to a game. I was like, hell yeah. I was living in Dallas at the time. He was like, man, come to Houston, got you some tickets.


So I go get Houston Chop to go with her man, me and my girl went, we chopped to go with him. And I said about a couple months later I ended up moving to Houston or whatever this before I started making money and just on the grind. And he say bubble dub man, you a fun guy man. You got what it take you got, you got what it takes to go all the way bro. Just be, you don't what? What's that word I used a while ago? Don't don't down. Nah, don't down your my my content. Don't walk down your content trying to be something. You ain't gonna be something you ain't. And he came to me, this true story. He said Man what can I do to help you because I was, 'cause I always found my own tools.


He say what? What can help you right now? And I was like man I need about $15,000 to go and do this tour. Right. And he was like okay cool. We get shaking the head. He ain't say nothing like okay cool. He hit me up the next day say hey man I'm in Florida but my wife got that check for you. Go around there and get it just like that. And true story, I got the 15 bands did what got nigga to do. Four months later I gave me 15 bands back. He was like damn most niggas ran out because he had so many people run off. What? And he it it surprised him. He was like even though you probably won't need it 'cause you going places you can get up to 150, $200,000 for me bro.


Like that was, you showed me what kind of character you're, you ain't just trying to get over 'cause you can. And it was just me not dumbing down my content just keep being who I am And he first person gave me the confidence true story to say man fuck them athletes say what the fuck you want to say. You not lying, you telling the truth. Yeah. Don't feel bad when people get on you for saying this. No that was the best advice. Don't dumb your shit down for nobody. We know your heart pure. We know you ain't calling nobody personally TRASHH. You just talking about they stats this game and this and that. So that was the the best advice somebody could give me. Just continue to be myself. Don't dumb nothing down. Don't worry about what people say.


Believe in you and just take off bro. Like I I I really believe that shit Cooper. I don't give a fuck. Nobody say about me bro. Like I know I'm a bad motherfucker. I know that. Yeah but I could be a battle motherfucker too 'cause I want to get to the Eddie Murphy. I want to get into movies and I don't just get in the movies and make a whole bunch of money. That's the key. That's good. But I want be able to reach back and grab somebody else who need that help that liveline come on now what y'all do with it is what y'all do with it. Right. But I don't wanna be in the position to help people. I don't wanna be in the position to just gig a bunch of money and take care of people that I know it's easy to take care of people.


You know, can you help somebody that you don't know and you ain't got broadcast. It's pretty, pretty much some shit you do for people you don't want nobody to know about it ain't nobody's business. Right. That's how I'm so, and T-Mac can never tell nobody he gave it to me. He that ain't who he is. Man. Shout out to T-Mac. I feel I'll be the one to tell people that that really happened. I got, I got, I got all the people because most people like well you cool with Shaq? Yeah, but Shaq, Shaq not obligated to gimme no money. Floyd not obligated to gimme no money. But Floyd gave me money, went to Dubai and I got key. I got two girls and I was over a whole week. We working. I'm like man I'm for, I gotta get back.


I gotta go do me show bro. I ain't got your kind money. I gotta go do show gave me 20,000. I gave me 20,000. Look. So he say when I leave two store, when I leave who's in Dubai? He say when I leave here I'm gonna go back to Miami. I'm gonna give you another 10,000 when I get to Miami. Man, I blew that nigga phone up every day. Hey champ, when you, when you, when you going to Miami? So look C so when you hear me like I'm on my way to Miami. I didn't wake around. I booked my own flight. Yeah. That nigga landed at their private airport. I was right there too. I bet you were come here. I bet you were because I ain't never had that cock of bucket like that at the time. At one time. Like that co So you know me, I got, I got the money in the shoe box.


I'm, I'm stacking tell you. Oh yeah. And one thing I do, I like, and people gonna learn though, like I get it, you know when you go around Floyd know man, you ain't gotta touch your pockets. Even though I be like certain shit, it could be like a $30 item champ. I got it man. He, he don't, he gotta pay for everything bro. I'm like no dog. 'cause you see things when you are around. You can't say nothing for the people you like. One thing I learned about a taker ain't no limit. They'll take everything. I don't like that. So that's why I kind of like fell back because like bro, we talking about go around, I'm watching you fly a hundred people in Dubai. Yeah This can't be good like on down the line.


Like you ain't boxing no more like that. So I'm like nah man, I'm, I'm buy my own food because you go around certain people, certain people move differently. Yeah. They'll sit around all day and watch Champ sit around, be hungry, don't eat nothing. Waiting on Champ. Not me. Shit. I'm finna go eat Champ. Oh you hungry? Hell yeah nigga. These people say they eight, eight hours nigga. I'm not finna wait on you to eat nigga. I'm my own man at the end nigga. Now I leave, I'm bubble up. I ain't you. Yeah, I'm somebody too. You know what I'm saying? And and that's what you like about me 'cause I keep you real and one hunger going shit like that. Like nah nigga like I know who you are but I know who I am too. Like when we go out in places, people run up the floor, they run up to me too.


That's when I started realizing my value. Hmm. You hang around millionaires, you become one. Nah, that's a, that's a fact. That's a true fact. That's a fact. I can say, I can say it now. So I always try to tell my friends like you say, hey man, when you go around to Mari Coopers bring me around. No. First of all bro, I'm just not getting here. Okay. I know who I am. They know who I am. I know you. I can't bring you around. Your attention's bad now I'm being real. Right. I know your intentions. I know you'll try to get around, be be friends with somebody. Soon as they turn they back you still, they not gonna look at you. They gonna look at me, you brought him around.


So I can't have that. So I tell people all the time, especially the Floyd bro. Oh man man man lemme talk to Champ man. I gotta run this business deal buying. If I won't loan you the money, what make you think he gonna loan you mother fan? One thing Floyd told me one time, he say Bud, when you come around me gonna bring nobody this which true story. I say, why is that Champ okay Because that mean you gonna get less true story. He said that mean you gonna get less. Hey man I, he told me I just own mouth. There's so many people that wanna come around hang we we in Vegas and I can't say this person name but it was a chameleon and Floyd just bought this lounge.


It's like he gonna be like for a comedy spot And he was telling Floyd like hey man you get that comedy spot I come through and blaze it up for you. Guess what Floyd told him? What? Why would I get you and I got Bubba do and the Chaon that's up under the biggest Chaon in the world. I ain't gonna say no name. Yeah but he in all the movies and he's the number one guy right now and ain't hard to see what I'm talking about. Yeah, yeah. KH is the biggest comedian in the game. And there's somebody that on his team told Champ man when you get it man I come through in Blaze and I didn't hear the conversation. The dude come back and told me, he said man Champ love you. I said what I'm talking about? He said man, I told him I come through Blaze.


He said man why would I get you and I got Bubba do. That's real champ. It's real free ship bro. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, and I think that's what we be missing in the game sometime. Like yeah we like other people, everybody's cool but to put your own on like what kind of friend am I Cooper to you? If I'm only cool you in your face? Nah I gotta be cool when you ain't them. When you ain't in no rooms, I'm still defending you. That's the kind of nigga I am. I don't care if you don't like cool, that's your problem. I don't want to hear it when I'm here. You know what I'm saying? We all men don't tell me if you got a problem with him, you handling when you see him. Yeah. That you know that's just how I am though.


Like I don't care about that bro. Life is short for one. I could be here today and dead tomorrow. I ain't got time arguing, bickering with nobody about this, that and the third bro. I ain't got time for, I feel like I got a purpose. Like you got a purpose in the NFL from a kid. You, you, you levels. I ain't even, I ain't even know yet. I'm getting steady throwing up the tree. That's why I don't get called up in sometimes comedians, they be in groups. This group of comedian like these group of comedians. Nah, I ain't, I'm my own man. I'm by myself When I move around I got two or three people. Me. That's it. I don't need, no you seen how I move two or three people. That's it. I ain't, I'm just not.


I got a little necklace now but that ain't shit. That's insurance nigga want with jacket. Cool. I'm gonna get that paper man. I don't live for that shit bro. I'm not a materialistic guy. Look, I like the feeling they bring though. I like the feeling that I can able to do. I was about to say now Floyd. I mean I was about to say now Doug, you, you playing, you you playing one of those big movies. I don't wanna see you with no Rolex. I don't wanna see you with no. Oh I got one of them now. I got a rolling. No. Well I don't wanna see you with no, no Richard Miller, no Ferrari, no none of that. Nah, I will say this fam I sit go here and I talk a lie cop fucking shit when I start, you know because I do that now I'd be broke on on some shit.


But, but I'm, I'm, you know, you know where I'm getting at. It's I know, I know, I know. And I gotta have it after I lie. I gotta have it coop just one time. Not the Ferrari. I don't, I don't want no Ferrari man. What's your, what's your, what's your dream car? My dream car bro. Is that Dr. That that ghost a drophead. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's nice. Floyd got four of them. Yeah, Floyd. Floyd got, every time I go out there, I get the keys to it man. He got 30 black cars in Vegas. About 30 white cars in in Miami. Miami, right. Yeah. But you know how it is, you know get to that point. They going, he gonna care about that. He gonna drive him. Yeah.


Yeah. Now me now come around, shit, gimme the key IA put him to use around here man up man. You just living, you know, just you got you living. You learn co. But my thing was today man, you know I got you on this show. I just wanted to give your flowers bro. 'cause I just like to call it like I see it and I know I ain't the only one to see certain things from you players. Like I say, y'all are human just like I'm human but at the end of the day, in my eyes you are one of the top 10 Right. Receivers in the game. Yeah. And I like giving people their flowers when they, when they, when when, you know, when y'all come on my show, I know you gonna care about that.


Like you say you can do better and you will do better. That's, that's, that's great. That's great. PR you know, that's, that's great. But me, I'm gonna talk that talk that's just, that's just me. But like I say man, good luck on this season bro. Like got watching back man. Hopefully y'all can stay healthy. That's the key in the NFL. A lot of people understand it's being healthy. Yeah. And having chemistry between one another. I know it's a lot of egos on teams. I know like you say, you know, you come down, you might get two or three catches then you never know the tight end won't get naked and a lot goes into the NFL game that us fans see going on.


And that's what I'm learning on this side when I was say certain things. Now I'm like, yeah, I was tripping when I said that because I didn't take this into consideration. I ain't take that. Oh he didn't have a good game but maybe quarterback didn't throw the ball. Like it's, it's a whole lot shit that go on bro. Yeah, nah for sure. For sure. Sure. Damn. Just trying to understand that game. That's why I'm going to, this what I'm doing now. Cool. I'm going to NFL games pretty much every Sunday. I normally do comedy shows on Sundays, but I found the loophole to still make the same amount money I was making on shows to go to these games now. So I got to the sponsorships but, and go and learn and giga none on the field.


Get a feel of the game and build a rapport with the players and you know, I ain't just what you think I am on nigga there. Like I'm really serious about this and, and just bringing and entertainment took the NFL man or took the NBA like I went to the ACEs game to Vegas and chopped it up with Aja Wilson. Yeah, right. And when they see my face, they're, oh shit, it is him. Yes. But I'm professional and what I'm asking you, but it's gonna be different from what they asked you. Right. Certain, you know, certain things type shit. But yeah man, thank you for coming on to this show man. I've been telling y'all I gonna get Cooper on the show man. I know y'all thought I was lying man. I tell you, he a busy guy man.


Gonna be responding back in the dm but I got his number now y'all. I'm Gonnaa Blow his mother phone. Fuck. But nah. Thank you bro. Anything else you wanna say? Man? You know any shout outs to anybody? Oh, we go. Nah man, shout out to shout out to Tmac for that. For real. That was real. Shout out to Floyd. That was real. Shout out to you for having me on Ain ain't really got nothing else man. Appreciate it man. Good luck on the season. I'm gonna pull up to a game. Cool. That's my cool. Yeah, yeah. Pull up, pull up for sure. I I I wanna pull up to the game and mean see how y'all do it down there in the dog pound. Yeah, you gotta, you gotta pull up bro. Nah, I will, I'm gonna pull up to the game man.


I got y'all making the playoffs this year. Yeah, I got y'all making the playoffs this year and I wish you all the success in the world man. Appreciate you for being a, a homie to me and being a man on your world and coming on my show and appreciate you man. Peace And. we out The volume.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


When it comes to travel bags and backpacks, Colorful and unique options are hard to come by. Luckily, baboon to the moon has you covered. Baboon to the moon's bags are made for going places near and far and for making you the brightest star at baggage claim made. With super durable materials in a limited lifetime warranty, your baboon to the moon bag will join you. For all of life's Miss trains, unexpected rain showers, love at first sights and compliments, check them out at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make the world more colorful.


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent, being there day and night, and building a plan for tomorrow, today for the ones you'll always look out for. Trust Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein, and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack. Whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today.


Hi.