
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt Victoria Monet Cold Plays Chris Martin Hand More Stream live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


The Volume. Welcome back to the Bubble Dub show. Today is Monday. I know y'all been out partying all weekend. I know y'all, some of y'all went to church yesterday. I know some of y'all didn't go to church but before we get in all of that, you know what time it is. It's the bubble dump show time. I know. Over a weekend y'all been catching up on the to and all that other stuff. That's cool. But that was last week. We gotta talk about today and know I know this was for show and I, before I even get in Joe Biden, let's go start with team USA damn near lost to Sudan.


What the hell going on? You mean to tell me a pento cannot roll a motherfucking Bugatti? I don't think so, but it seemed like it if weren't for LeBron James Hit that layer it team USA would've loss the dream team. Yeah. Dream team blowing teams out by 15 to 20 mother points every night. Now it seem like LeBron Durant them bullshit. I know what's going on. Team A they be on them damn gummies. That's what it's they taking gummies motherfucker. They, if they coming to going cur, you gonna have to get team USA better prepared than what they are. We going over gonna win the motherfucking goal.


We gonna want brus, we gonna want silver, we gonna want none of that. We want fucking gold as as when Lipper come would say I want me gold friend. That's what we want. It shouldn't me them that team was beating up by 15 and 16. Ain't no damn way. Now the late Drake Kobe Bryant rolling over in this damn grade right now. What Jason kid when you need him, he undefeated in the Olympic never lost a game. That drunk ass kid up there in Dallas right now. Come on. Got a game plan going on for Luca and Kyrie next year and Clay. I don't know what's going on in USA man. We look weak.


We look fucking weak And I know we won but I don't. Come on, we gotta blow these teams out fam. All that bullshit. Y'all coming down. Nah we ain't doing all that. We gonna go down here. We gonna fucking stole and stole and stole and stole because they can't stop us just like they can't stop me. But I'm on that alcohol right now. I'm quiet, quiet. Don't do no talking. I don't bother nobody but when I'm on that alcohol you shut to get your ass knocked out. He said what I'm saying out loud. Even though I know I can't fight, but when I'm on that liquor shit I whoop everybody in the club. That's how I be feeling. I be feeling like incredible. Huh?


Somebody run up on me tonight, get knocked out real knocked out. I'm doing no talking when I'm on that knuckle. Yeah I'm aggressive on that alcohol. That's why I don't drink no more. Yeah. Real talk. But team USA gotta play better than that man. Simple as that. How y'all feeling right now about that win Team USA won by one. How y'all feel like it was just a game that really wasn't into it or that they bullshit like let's be real. Let's call it Spago Spade. We ain't, ain't no sugarcoating shit. Let's let's call it what it is. Team USA bullshitting. Other than that whole lot of other shit going on in the world, you know we gonna talk about it.


Sleepy ass Joe say he's stepping down. Whatcha talking Joe Biden. He ain't running for president next year. He he to take breaks, go and take medicine and, and and eat. Jello put, he can't do all that. Joe Biden 95 years old, he ran a good race. Bye bye. Camilla Harrison there and the motherfucking women standing up brother over fo or something. Over 5,000 women last night still go well and she raising no motherfucking million by a minute.


Hold on, wait a minute. You motherfuckers can raise 40, 50 motherfucking million in 24 hours but y'all mother company can't cut out. Come through. Camilla Harris said she finna be the first woman president ever. I dunno. Hey you know last week I said I don't know I don't really gonna support Camilla Harry due to the incarceration of black men that she had locked up. But I know what some of you going people going to say Well shit if you ain't, if you ain't you know stop fucking up then you won't get in trouble. And you right you got a point. You got a point. But the laws she come up with, I can't really do her but I'm going support the women.


That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to support the women on this show and Camil Harris doing her motherfucking thing right now. And some of you women out there you jealous. Yo y'all jealous of ka Camilla Harris talking about she slept her way all the way to the top. Well ain't y'all some of the same motherfucker who was sleeping with the club promoters to get in the club for 20 make it make sense. So leave KA Harris alone. I don't give a damn who she slept with allegedly to get to the top because some of you whole stuff with these club bouncers. The club promoter to get in the club. Now tell me I'm lying. Y'all leave Harris alone. Well she don't even think she black.


It's a whole lot of other motherfuckers out here. Our color don't think they black. It's okay. You can lie to us but you can't lie to God. God Damnit D whip on the great queen Elizabeth rolling over no motherfucking braid right now. America Finn have a a a black woman shit. Maybelline rolling over no motherfucking grave right now. Ster rolling over no gray right now. Watch. So should be time to be alive right now. Oh it's a beautiful time to be alive in America right now. We got so much shit going on over here. Motherfucker. Microsoft last week shut shit down.


Couldn't fly here, couldn't get no money out the bank. What the hell going on? Y'all's going around us. You motherfuckers better pay attention now It's between Trump, Camil Harris. This gonna be good because them motherfucking women are rattling. Do you hear me? Them women are rattling right now man. They they is Unity. It's and it's more women than us. I'm just saying it's more women than us. Women fed up shit. That's why they wanting Stu and and and and Roses and all that shit.


They don women done us shit. We might have to pack up And, we might have to leave and move to Egypt. Shit I don't know. What y'all thinking right now. Y'all feeling Kail Harry, y'all feeling Trump What other candidates we got? I'm not here to tell you who to vote for 'cause I don't give a damn about none of that. Vote for whoever you want for vote for. That's all I'm saying. But what I'm saying it right now, this a new sheriff from time and this Camilla Harris, God damnit. I don't think nobody seen this coming. I think when they thought when she would ever get the run. I think people thought it was gonna be a joke but it ain't a joke. She got men and women rattling behind her.


She got all the studs. Oh shit boy. She, I'm telling you don't be su don't be surprised Camilla Harris win the president Don't, don't be surprised she wins. All I'm saying. She done raise the money. They say shit. Trump was, Trump was at the at at the, at at at the golf thing yesterday. He got to finding out about the stats and what Camilla was doing. He left damn golf game. Trump don't never leave no golf game. Never. He had to get his ass off that golf course shit. He had to go and come up with a game plan. Shit. Shit we gotta fight on our hand boy. Stand down and stand by. We got a motherfucking fight on our hand. I thought some of y'all know, some of y'all women probably thought maybe y'all never see today there'll be a woman president.


I know some of y'all men probably figure man never be a woman president. Shit them bad email having that Hillary Clinton couldn't do it. But this right here might be one to one because they, they like they all getting behind him and they slick talking as Barack Obama. He gonna support her too. Shit. Might have our first woman president riding this motherfucker tell you no Josh support going up. Child support going up Might be a law you get caught cheating go to jail. I'm just saying women getting, that motherfucker gonna be at most, I don't really know what think no I'm scared shit. I'm go over. Bills over ain't doing it for I can't do it no damn mo.


Shit. How y'all feeling though? Coming off the weekend man, hopefully y'all had a good weekend man. Th had a great weekend with the kid. Went back home, kicked it with my fam had we had a ball down. I'm from Alto Texas case y'all gonna know this. Each text went back home. Motherfucker Muske like to kill me but I'm still alive though. I ain't lying. Y'all can't see the back of my neck. It's bumpy. I ain't bullshit. I ain't bought mosquito bikes everywhere. But one thing I like about being able to go back home man y'all man I get to go home and hit the reset button man. Ain't nobody bothering me man. I I ain't around a bunch of people that I don't know. That's one thing about this industry man. That shit cool but man you a bunch of round people you don't know man. You can't put your drink down and leave and come back and get it.


Might not everybody done put something in your drink. Next thing you know I'm I'm walking down the road middle of the night but naked don't know what's going on with you know what I'm saying? So you don't, you around people you don't know but when you go back home around family and friends, the people who really love you, people who, you know what I'm saying? Seeing you before you start to rise on it feels good man. Like I said, I was back home playing Domino, you know what I'm saying? Just having a good old time with the people, you know what I'm saying? Put up on this this same TRASHH. That's what we do man. We, we, you know what I'm saying? I I live life, you know what I'm saying. Wish I had time to go fishing, I would've went fishing with my people but nevertheless man, hopefully y'all taking the time outta y'all life and enjoying your life 'cause you only get one and when it's over it's over.


You don't want no regrets. I keep preaching this. I'm gonna keep saying this man. Get out and enjoy yourself while you can. You just not tuning into the show. I already done died. I've been to team USA bullshit. Damn. Done lost you Bullshit. I know y'all finna be out there in Paris, in London. Y'all finna be doing all that shopping. Cool. But make sure you motherfucker win. That's what we going, we gonna win and then I can jumped into the president's situation with Joe Biden on, on old ass stepping down, you know what I'm saying? He didn't wanna run no more motherfucker. You wasn't running no way. Yeah you was in the own wheelchair motherfucker. You getting wheel, you wheeling your way up there. But nevertheless Biden tell you stepping down, Kail Harris done stepped up.


Now we gotta race Trump. Kail Harris. I don't know if she got enough time to catch. I don't know. But we going see it's gonna be fun. It's gonna be fascinating to watch these women, the women start talking shit. They already talking shit but oh man. Oh man you ain't gonna be to tell these women shit right now. It finna be sexy red all over this hope y'all fella ready. I just hope you fella ready for what's what's what's about to happen. It's, it's about to happen fellas. So and I also piggyback off the Microsoft situation last week you know the outage couldn't fly nowhere. Computers were down, banks were down. Couldn't even go to the bank and get no damn money. 'cause something with Microsoft, I don't know Bill Gates figure the shit out fam figure the shit out.


We're gonna be needing that right now. We already scared of what? You know what I'm saying? So of the unknown motherfuckers shooting the Trump. We don't know Joe Biden's stepping down shit what's next? You know what I'm saying? What's next Jerry? John gonna sell the cowboy now. Damn what's next? Fa Huh? LeBron gonna get a team in and Vegas what's next? Is Shaq gonna get a team in Vegas? We dunno, we don't know what to expect no more. You know people done changed over years, you know what I'm saying? I I don't know. I went to school with my home girl Mika now she Mike I don't know people be changing. I'm looking for Mika the whole time. They're telling me that Mike motherfucker they flip flopping.


I got to John Willerson on John Willerson AKA pop flip flopping and shit. One day they this way and this way they there. I dunno shit but hey y better pay attention what's going on around this mother. Open your eyes sometimes so take the glasses off so you can see. Enjoy your life. Don't be bullshitting around here. Shit. I know y'all seen Scotty Pipping Jr. Bowing you triple Doubler And. we had him on the mother fucking ankle Us. I felt bad for Scottie Pepper Jr. At one point man when his mama Larissa was going through that stuff with Michael Jordan's son and man that future was knocking down his mom and then he on the bench.


Come on man. That had to have been so hard for that young man to endure knowing that mama was out there being a straight up hoe And I see it Lord Rua ain't nothing but a straight up hoe sleeping with featuring letting him knock her down in Gucci flip flops doing the hall of Famer Scotty Pipp that that that dump under me. That scarred me. How Larissa Pipping did Scotty you hear me? Man Scotty running around here wearing dreads. What the hell going on? Not my Scotty people not my number 33 from Chicago Bull from Central Arkansas. Not my Scotty People.


Then she dig them dirty then before them then got half of ever. I only in America man. And it's gonna get worse if Ka Harry win for the women man they finna have all kind of motherfucking rights ain finna come up with these women. Why they finna come up with some bullshit ass laws against us? Me? I'm telling y'all right now man, if you in a relationship six months or more and you get caught cheating you going, you gonna be on probation. I'm telling you Camille Harford come up with some bullshit with us man. I'm telling you man. If you're smart you better move. Get your ass up out shit. Get your passport, get your ass on man.


You know right now shit. Gotta stay tuned man. It's a whole lot of shit going on. You getting out watching this show then you already know you can listen to this show on Apple podcast. For real. Type in Bubba Dub on Apple Podcast Bubba Dub show We gonna pop up. Go with Spotify type in The Bubba, Dub Show we going to pop up. Yep. Damn right. What else you got going on there? I got a whole lot going on this week. I'm gonna be with the Las Vegas Raiders at they count I'm pulling up. Yeah me and Tony o Pierce got something to talk about and so if you gonna be out there and where they training in in Cali? Pull up on me man. You got you more, you more than welcome to come and be on this show man. Like I say I'm gonna, we gonna be visiting the Las Vegas Raiders.


Me and my team this week. I'm super excited. They don't have a starting quarterback yet up there. They is an open competition. So let's see who win a starting quarterback job for the Las Vegas Raiders. Devonte Adams been doing a lot of interviews. I seen him on there on on the talking to his talk about Green Bay would've paid him his money. You know he would've been there but he said they insulted him with the number and he went to Vegas. Now he a little frustrated. Well should stayed at your motherfucking ass in Green Bay fam because I could tell you right now, ain't no more Aaron Rogers walking through that motherfucking door. Things ain. And I know you want TB 12 to come back.


Hell no tb, TB 12 stay your old ass where you at? You could go leave it at that. Let these youngsters come up here and fight it out and get down to it. I know it could be a Cinderella story if Tom Brady brought his old ass back to the Las Vegas Vegas and won the Cinderella story but hell no that wasn't youngsters do it Brady. He already got submarine. He old the lost the why he getting grown but stay that way yet you only get one. They gone. I know he missed. I miss too Gonna come back if it ain't broke don't fix it. TB 12 greatest quarter back ever. So I gonna say greatest football player ever.


Some of y'all don't get on here right now. Debate. Nah dub, you going to God dang far now going to God dang far now. Now Doug Triple, I like Brady. I think he greatest quarterback ever but the greatest player ever. No but Game who? Greatest player ever. I know some y'all say Lawrence Taylor primetime. Bo Jackson Barry. I know some of y'all are gonna say them names, I get it. I'm saying TB 12 was a bad motherfucker and he will ignore your ass. A-T-O-A-T-O-I. He annoy your ass.


Hey it's Jake Halbert. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap Rocky I don't. Big Sean Camila Cabell, doji Cat, Dua Lipa Guen St. Halsey Hozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shabo, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


What y'all think man? Who the greatest football player ever for y'all? Be real. Don't be biased, don't be on that bullshit for me. I would say the greatest football player ever. It's so hard 'cause there's so many greats that played the game man. I don't want to disrespect nobody, I don't wanna pull nobody down or pull somebody up but me personally just, just being real man. I would say the greatest football player ever will be. Man gimme one mo y'all one shit. Damn right. One mo with them all us a bitch. Even though he was old as a motherfucker but one my guy don't y'all don't y'all shit number one who all baby Ryan come on shit.


And I already know the typical people gonna say man you tripping W Troll. I'm brown, I number one, boom I'm give a damn what y'all say? I'm Finn start being opposite of y'all Negro and white people in Spanish and everybody I'm finna start being opposite of y'all And I don't think Michael Jordan the goat. I don't think Kobe could go. I don't think LeBron the goat. I think Kevin Durant the goat. Damn. Damn right. I'm changing up on y'all and I don't think Steph Curry the best shooter ever either. So don't I'm gonna go with Glen Rise, come on. I'm right. I'm a Glen right. I'm changing up on y'all. I'm sick of y'all. I'm sick of y'all treating me. How y'all been treating me when I don't wanna be treated like that. When I wanna be treated right.


Treat me right and I treat y'all right. Shit hell going on with y'all. Day one moon great football player ever. Yep. Kevin Durant greatest basketball player ever. Yep. My number two Scotty Pippen. Damn right. God damn right. Put Scotty in the goat debate. I don't give a damn. What y'all say Scotty Pippen is in the goat debate from here on out. He got six just like Michael got six. Damn right. Y'all gonna respect Scotty around here. Y'all might run over out here on in these streets with these holes but you ain't gonna run over out here in this court in this world with me three Brown, four Shaq, five and Mike Scotty Pippen, I'm putting Scotty Pippen over everybody now like damn he gonna get his due diligence with me.


Y'all gonna respect Scotty. He was Phil. Who said Scotty was a brother all around player That Michael, it was Phil who said that? Well I can say it. You can say it. Nobody. It was Phil the motherfucker who coached him. Now do I need to take a flag up the Montana? He might may take me three hours in the wilderness to get to that motherfucker but I will find salt and pepper. Phil Jackson. I'll find him and we'll sit down. We'll have a talk. Yeah we eat reindeer steaks. We reindeer milk. Come in now talk to me Phil and I ain't coming with no posse either Coming with me.


Do your trivia When I got where I got that word from. Do you, I'm putting y'all up on game today. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm becoming a bad journalist. Do your homework about the positive shit with Phil Jackson before I'm hinting at But anyway I sit down with Phil just like I'm sitting down talking to y'all on Phil let's talk, let's talk basketball. Who was the most complete player on your team? Michael Jeffrey Jordan was a Scotty Pip. I guarantee you if Phil Jackson don't say Scotty Pip knocking mommy juice outta in mouth. He better say Scotty we're gonna do a poll.


The most complete play on them Chicago bull championship team. Was it Michael or was it Scotty? I arrived with Scotty. I didn't say be, I didn't say be, I said complete defense offense, rocks making shit happen Scotty. I know what y'all said Dub done lost your damn mind and ain't I ain't lost shit. Told you Kevin to rent the goat one moon to goat. Damn right sure. Your Tony to goat. Yeah hit a home run last night used the red socks. Dodges won my brother hit 30 home run so fucking sure 70 on rbis bating average three 15 come on boy.


It's tough. He earning that 700 million mother fucking dollar contract and guess what? Shit I'm getting into baseball too. Shit I can run, I can steal bases shit. David Cruz ain't the only motherfucker can steal base. If I could used to steal legend if I used to can steal out a Walmart, a GB family dollar every stone on the man I can steal bases come here, shit come around like I'm running. That's how I'm coming around them bases shit. I ain't looking at my guy telling me keep going shit. I know how to play baseball shit. I can see shit. I'm still bases and getting this paper shit.


Sure your attorney can get 700 million. Shit I can get 200. I know that right now all I need some icy hot rub me down shit. I'm go I know ain't bullshitting shit. You get in your mid thirties shit you can't move like you used to move. She duh. Now when I move gingerly fuck around and hurt myself trying to do some shit that I used to do, I can't do all that no more. Shit. I gotta stretch for how gotta do all these little old things you got to do before when you young you get rung and do it when you young you have feedback, you get run on in the bedroom, get busy now you got to stretch, take a shot of yak tendency or something.


You know if you smoke black, smokey black, if you smoke that dish you ain't gotta smoke some of that gotta take you a hundred pounds. You have to take you some supplements before you go in there. You getting your mid 39 then you can go on up a form. When you a youngster you ain't need all that. You can go there. Go on down out. Yeah young boys going, I'm an old boy, I'm 80 boy now take my time going up that. Yeah I take my time going up that now. But when I get up there I'm gonna take my time. Come here. That young bull gonna go up there and try to sleep with everything he can and pass out. Not me. I'm taking my time for yeah one down now I'm on the other one.


Yeah too high now I'm on the other young bull sleep me, I let no energy. I got all the energy in the world 'cause I didn't run up that hill. I walked up they hill and that's what we gotta do sometimes. Sometimes people get out that heck of you in life. You fast race horses don't last long. They like the rabbit. The rabbit taking naps and everything. Sometimes you gotta be trouble. Sometimes you gotta be slow. Yeah you gotta be gotta kind to be first at everything Sometimes. Sometimes how you be the first to get killed, you wanna run here real fast. Sometimes you to slow your ass down a little bit when you ride speak slow down. You ain't got the driver hunter drive. Sydney still gonna get to the same spot but sometimes we be racing to the graveyard quicker than we should be.


Oh duh. You talking that talk today I'm gonna talk it. I'm gonna speak the truth on this show. I'm just being one all that. Drinking and driving TRASHH. You not doing no drinking and driving. We not trying to take nobody else. Lie And, we ain't trying to take your lie. If you have been drinking and driving, pull on side the road don't get your behind the wheel and call your Uber. Yeah same way you got here safe the same way. We want you to get home safe. We got to be more. We gotta start being more responsible real talk. We got to start being more responsible right now. If you a man single man, you alive right now and you got couple female friend, they got kids. I know they blowing your motherfucking phone up school time now. They done went out here and hold.


Gave everybody else in the world some of their sugar. How they wanna bring it back to you when it's melted. Don't fucking keep it stay. Keep your ass away from me. I don't give a damn about junior not having no shirt, no clothes, no shoe. I don't give a damn about none that don't call me. You should. You supposed to be hitting me up around early June bitch just damn. No. I goes nah not doing it. Not doing it. Your start holding you hold accountable. See your mama and them holding you accountable. They ain't keeping them kids no motherfucking more like you used to. Why? Because your mama and them still going out having a good time. She thought she ho too. So when we out and I see you and your horn ass mama, I'm choosing your mama.


See your mama ain't gotta wake up in the real motherfucking morning to go in there and pick up them hollering as kids. Damn Coyote. Mm Mama could lay in the bed all day with me. Come here and mama got the car and a job. Come here. Unlike your big asses they begging. She did. Can I have this No bitch, wish you was a toddler. I slap your hand. No your ass back somewhere but take your as all you females around here beg for money but take your motherfucking ass to her army and be all you can be Earth for Navy motherfucker. Join something. Join the church. I don't give a damn stop asking me for money.


I'm not the only one. My my players are watching this show right now. They love it. They right these women I control asking for this and that. Every time you look around they want this and that bitch get a job. That's what you can do. Get your job and leave me alone. I ain't got time for this shit right now. I'm time to focus. It's time to focus football season here. I got to dive in and watch them damn cowboy and see the moves that they making because they're making moves of a damn blind man right now. Now tell me on mine we ain't heard no good damn moon from the dollar cowboy this shirt everybody cry about. Oh what we gonna do And we gonna about that. Let that motherfucker go If. He don't wanna be a cowboy then let walk.


We got three over there. God dammit. You don't wanna be here dammit bye. I want somebody who wanna be here long term with me now this the year you go out and you go out and you mother win that when you ain't expected to win. I'm being real. I got us going nine and eight this year. I'm just fucking being real. I'm a real cowboy fan. I got us going nine and eight. She s is against us. But if you dak preco you say you know what man I want to retire cowboy ring on a cowboy. I wanna be a hall of famer cowboy.


This the year you go out and you get this shit done d when ain't nobody expecting shit from you, you put the numbers up, you carry game we supposed to lose you carry you will as Tom Brady did. Tom Brady did. He ain't have shit over there. That mean the defense. You motherfuckers don't have to step up. Y'all don't have to step up this show Drake did you back you ain't got with Joey. Novo Joe. Your back focused dam let's let's lock in fam let's motherfucking lock in. Parson let's lock in. I won't see you coming off that motherfucker Edge home and the quarterback. It's win the pool. Go and get your honey.


You hear me Defensive. End lineback. The quarterback is winning in the pool. Go and get your mother fucking honey. I'm on fire today. Monday bullshitting. I'm not bullshitting you. Somebody up there in Idaho and lost they damn lead to a grizzly burn. I told you my mother motherfucker your ass out the woods. There's something going on in the, they sure these motherfuckers are killing when hit got told you 2024. Ain't no more hunting. Ain't no more camping. We ain't, it's time to stay your ass at the house and go and vote.


Yeah this, this, it's hollered about voting. Go and vote whether the president vote or it in in your county. Vote damnit vote. I don't even know what you voting for. Goddammit vote hell vote for a McDonald's restaurant. God damnit not McDonald's. Vote for a McDonald's. I don't give a damn. I've been watching coming to America. Great movie by the way. If y'all ain't know what coming to America, make sure you watch coming to America man. Shout out to Eddie Murphy man. Shit was funny as hell. Love that shit. How y'all feeling though man? Y'all talk to Doug. How y'all feeling today man? What's like, like what's really going on in the world right now man, let's talk about it Man, I pretty much done talked about everything. You know hell no offset. Matter of fact let's get on to the hell no seven man let's go on and get to this shit man.


Live on show. He knows what he saw and hell no. You know what time somebody hit me a do man would you do a bake sale? Hell no. I'm not doing no bake sale. I been there pus some on, I been there puss some on he them damn cookies and shit. Everybody around here eating and hiding them motherfucker. I ain't gonna be able to do it. Hell no. Somebody else hit me up too. Say duh. When you go to funeral rooms do you skip the food? Hell no. When I go now that's the whole reason I'm gonna a damn funeral room is just to eat. I'm not skipping no damn funeral food, baked chicken, potato salad beans, especially them damn baked beans, baked beans lately.


We roll shit. Two or three pieces of light bread. Maybe a slice of brisket. She, I'm not. Hell no I'm not passing on no funeral food. I'm sorry y'all. I ain't going to be able to do it And anybody know who go to funerals especially black funeral. Y'all know I ain't lying. First thing a black person say when they go to a funeral and see goodbye, they show look good. Didn't oh man look like they was sleeping had 'em in that pretty dress. I had 'em in that pretty suit. Tell me I'm lying now. If, you don went to a black froom. You done heard them word before. I heard all the motherfucking time. But the favorite thing I like to hear is we are eating in the back. I'm annoyed. Oh I get friending the motherfucker when they tell me we eating in the back.


Hey how you probably seeing y'all fever? How you doing girl? Girl girl you done got thick two damn thick high school you one fold now you're three 80 now you winking to me. Shit I don't know what you winking at. Shit. I ain't got nothing for you. I I you when you ain't have no miles on you now you got airplane. My never, I'm not laying down with you. Shit. I'd rather slough jack me off than sleep one of you thighs. No knock on do it keeping my hand. Mama say keep your hands to yourself. That's what I'm doing. I don't want you, I can't hold your big ass. Look at me now's too much. Mother and energy. Reach out and try to hold you shit. I ain't gonna be able to do it. Mm it's summertime too.


You better get your big bub on. Better get your ass away from me. Shit. Shit. I ain't got no goddamn, I ain't got blue crop BlueShield shit. I ain't got no insurance. I'm not fixing be rumbling wrestling tussling with your big ass around here. No, get mad at me. Come home three or four in the morning and won't argue with me. Well I been shit no I'm not doing all that. I don't wanna her nothing. When I come in three, four in the morning I come in I don't wanna hear a motherfucking word. I'm grown And that's the way it should be. Some of y'all ain't living right out there then you women know right now if your man come home three or four in the morning and he tell you he been out working motherfucker, he better out working all that.


You alive. Mm God didn't put us on this earth to aug. God didn't put us on this earth to aug with these miles. He put us on the earth to praise. Praise his name. So when your man come home three or four in the morning fella show praising God name I never make. That's all she should be. You never should make. That's my favorite. Go-to. I'm not arguing with you. God put me here to sing. Praises him unto him. That's what I'm gonna do. I guarantee you start doing that. She ain't gonna say another motherfucker. I promise you girl you know why we're here. He put us on this earth to praise him.


That's what we gonna do now don't try to bring God in, in God Saving this two or three in my name and my name. There I am man. Mm. Church was good yesterday including them damn baked beans. Come on. I ain't lying. I ain't gonna lie. I went to church yesterday. Y'all just to eat. I ain't bullshitting. My mama was so happy. Me all my baby. You know I'm so proud of him. God is really working on him. I really wanna tell baby no that hunger pains working on me. I'm in him. Let's eat after I ate. I ain't gonna lie, I was gonna leave but I stayed and heard the word when I say that pastor got down, that pastor got down and did his motherfucking thing and I thank God for that. But God know my heart.


God made sure that food was so good and it would nourish me to my body and that I got full and that I just wanted to hear the word. Oh man. Ain't nothing like hearing the word sometime man. We around devils all the time mean devils at the store. There's devils at the job. It's devils everywhere man. You walk around Walmart, there's devils, there's temptation. It gets ment and I gotta be strong 'cause it's hard for us. Good hard earned men out here that work hard for a this it's hard for us man. We we, we victims. They be trying to attack us. I be trying to be cool. Y'all lying. Tell your girl man next time you get caught she you a victim.


Blame God. He made you blame God. You can't control these women man. They got a mind of their own and they be calling. Oh your name reads Michael. Whatever your name is Scott. I know I got white boy. Watch Scotty. That's Drake. Yeah. In the woods. Yeah. Nick around Grizzlys. See I got you. See white people like do that shit I to get butt naked drunk. I know where were grizzly at. Not no niggas. We better go outside and, and might left the condoms in the car. We scared to go out there at nighttime get them. Cu not going out there. I seen something earlier.


Shit. Black people scared. Y'all know I ain't lying. Telling you the truth today on this goddamn show, man. It's the truth.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover Out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap. Rocky Adam, big Sean Camila Cabell, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stephan Halsey Poser Sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows show up the weekend. Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


I can dig in. Gotta enjoy this shit though. Like I say, I'm pull up on the Raiders this week. Pull up on Coach Brown too. I really go out there and check out, you know what I'm saying? What Sha and them doing with the roll this year? Man I got eyes on rightfully so. You know everybody Colorado fans now. You know what I'm saying? Y'all but y'all wasn't rocking with Coach Brown when he left JSU. Y'all were mad at him. Y'all were mad a coach but I get it, you know he came there, made some promises. What? Whatever it was. Y'all were mad at him. Now y'all loving him. I love it but just make sure the real is love man. We ain't just gonna support Prime either and some other coaches out here that we gotta ride and support with too. Eddie George got a football team. We shout out the Eddie Joy.


We we riding with you too. Yeah, dub double or pull up. Yeah, yeah. Extend the Olive Branch. Egg Joy. I pull up Big fat when I pull up. That mean all my fan back. My team pulling up. We all pulling up man. The dos When we rocking with you, we rocking with you. I gonna get Keep it nigga book. I'm gonna be honest. The best team NFL team in in in in Texas right now. Is the Texas there. I said it CJ style looking good in practice right now. Got digs over there got, I already got Tanko man. Yeah, yeah. D Dko Ron. Yep.


Yeah, if I'm a Texan fan right now I'm feeling real motherfucking good right now. I got the SW out there. Yep. Phelps the buck. Yep. I'm feeling real good if I'm a Texan right now. You know we ain't sipping that syrup, we ain't doing all that no more them days over. You know we ain't Planet Fitness right now. We working now. You know y'all been overweight for years now. Y'all want to get in shape now and and and I respect it and I respect it man. Yeah. Shout I to the Texans right now man. They walking around here with their shirt off these day. Cowboy TRASHH and all that. Okay we, we gonna motherfuck shit in a couple of months. My t I'm a Texan too. I told you I'm with whoever who with me Believe I ain't, I'm gonna you to them dollars.


Team wanna bring me in, get me, get at me. Need your social media. Boost it up, get at me. Need your jersey. Get at me. Make it happen over on this bubble. I don't bullshit lawyer nobody. I'm lawyer me real talk. Hopefully y'all team do something this year man. I feel like the Cowboy gonna win two playoff games this year. Just two. I ain't saying we gonna get to the Super Bowl. I'm just saying we gonna win two playoff games this year and, and and and and and that's that. That's how I feel. But I feel like we gonna go nine and eight. I don't know. Gotta be more optimistic I guess. I know Josh say w you gotta have faith.


I gotta do got faith in God. I'm not put, I don't put no damn faith in man. Man gonna let your ass down every damn time. Shit. Put no damn faith in no damn man. The hell outta my face with that bullshit. What's going on out here man? I'm hearing some of you 50 and 55-year-old men out here still having kids. Okay. Nelly. Okay Nelly. That baby gonna come out looking old and motherfucker. Shit you ain't on no more speaking kids out in 50 55. Never. Shit. You ain't got that much longer when you get 50. You probably got 15 good years left if that anything else. That number blessing from God.


Nothing but blessing from God. Shit baby. Careful. I I know it good. I shit, I know it. I I know when you up in there yeah you come you person like me, I come from the, I come from the hip wheel when I'm up in there. Yeah you gotta come from the hip with it when you up in there and they get good too and then they get to holding you and they get to tell you that dumb ass work don't you do in me shit. God damn. Hold on now. Hold on now girl. When you tell me that, I'm telling you my pullout game weaker dinner baby dirty. Yeah, that's one words I hate to hear.


Don't you and me. See I'm already doing it. See you shouldn't have told me that now I got to get come here, hold them tight. They trying to. Where you going? Let do why you ain't done nothing yet? I got stamina. I'm lying. I'm knowing. I done took a yeah like a tk. Hey y'all know nothing about that right there man. Shit, they gotta catch a cramp. I'm nigga. Lock up baby. No ain't oh gimme a banana and some salt or something in the heating pad. I got a Charlie horse in this mother.


I'm getting old shit. I'm in my mid thirties man. Birthday coming up August 6th. I'm I'm, I'm gonna have a ball my birthday. Oh yeah, I I'm gonna do nothing for my birthday but Lord let me look and see it this year man. I'm gonna do it up for my Bday man. I'm I'm talking about I'm, I'm, I'm finna do some white bullshit. I ain't bullshit man. I'm fixing parachute. I'm fucking skydiving. Shit. I'm finna do it. Call, I'm finna call my white friend later on today. Hey Josh, what's going on? What's going on Bubba? What's going on man? Oh man Josh Shit man I wanna go parachute. Well hell, I called my dad, hell get plane out. Hell we'll go, we'll go parachute. Damn right. I'm fixing start being adventurous.


Call me Bubba Dub Mac. Damn I fixing start being adventurous. Ryan ANGs Ryan you who I heard used to watch MacGyver show. If you ever seen MacGyver show getting to come cumin sixties, let me know right now man. I grew up watching Mac man. I show you my age man. I love Mewa man. One of my shows man, real talk ain't no shows like it used to be. Ain't no more Martins. You know what I'm saying? Ain't no more and living singles no more man. Everything is BS now man. Like I, it just wall it down now. I ain't, I ain't feeling how y'all feeling though man? I'm feeling good this Monday. It's Monday. Ain't nothing like a good Monday. Good workout in. Get to come in here and chop it up with y'all.


Let y'all know what going on. Bullshit ass team. USA Scotty like I say Scotty Pepper Jr. Ball and Lakers had him now we ain't got him. Lakers don't have some Ballers man. We had Lonzo Ball Julius Round, Brandon Ingram. Who else jv we had Josh Hart, Alice Caruso, Kyle Coman bro we gonna, we we, we gonna have some good players over in the Lakers now. We ain't got a motherfuck thing. Nothing. The biggest talk on the Lakers right now is Brody and he ain't getting rigged yet. He getting now but he ain't rigged yet. Disappointed man. Gonna be a long ass year for a Lakers fan man. It's gonna be a long year man.


I know it. I know what it is. Man Gonna be long man. Russell Westbrook done went to Ville shit. They done got better. They done got better Westbrook with. We can't get shit in LA but some damn graffiti. That's the only thing we can get in LA right now is some damn graffiti. Can't get no players. Let DeMar go with Sacramento. I see y'all this Sunday too. Sacramento at punchline. Grab 'em tickets right now. Tommy T 26th or 27th just Friday and Saturday. I see y'all locked up man. Shout out to my homie Rico great. Shout out to my homie Lance Wood.


Shout out to my homie. Richie Rich. Yeah, UNC UNC now Mr. Fab. I see y'all man. He's going down better grab them tickets. I'm in them figures man. When I'm pulling up you need to be there telling y'all man y'all gonna wanna miss this what I got going. Yeah we on up. We going up. Y'all not only me, you going up? Yeah. Anything you doing? I'm praying y'all blessed. Y'all blessed by the best. You might not think so. You might not have shit today but tomorrow. Tomorrow could be different. You could be rich today and broke tomorrow. You could be alive day and dead tomorrow. Man. It's a lot of things we gotta start being grateful for and thankful for. Man. Real talk. You could have woke up with no arm, no leg or no nothing.


But you didn't, you woke up with your eyesight, you woke up where you could smell. You feeling better. You can get out the bed, you can walk, you can talk, you can eat, you can do all these things that you need to start thinking God. Everything else gonna come. I guarantee you. Everything gonna come to you man. TRASHH of the day. I can't give it to nobody but Joe Sleepy as body. Talk to all that shit and then you wanna step down. Come on fam. Run this motherfucking race Joe Biden, I need you to run this motherfucking race now. Cam Harris in that seat and these women are talking cash Mother shit.


You watch big ass Oprah get behind them gay. Where? Pierre Morgan. Where you at? Nancy Grace. Where you at? Martha Stewart. Where you at? Ola Davis. Where you at? Tyler Perry. Where you at? Ru Paul. Where you at? Kailyn Jenner. Where you at? Dwight Howard. Where you at? I when need You'all to get behind Illa Harry. Damn. When need y'all to get behind Donald Trump and the two candidates they going at it. Let's get to it. I ain't got, I ain't got shit to say. I ain't got shit there to say.


All I wanna know whoever become president, just make sure I can get that damn PPP loan. That's all I want and I want it forgiven. I don't give a damn who win. I just want it to be forgiven trying to buy this property. Damn it, I want it. I need it. I gotta stay have it. Tom Cruise 62 out here still doing his own damn stunts. That's who need to be drug tested. Y'all keep running about these motherfucking players. What about these actors? I want Tom Cruise as drug tested. Right. Damn not see them hanging from a plane. Motherfucker. 75 what?


WNBA All Star look good sold out. I love it. They get signed a $2.2 billion on TV streaming thing for the women. I love it. Pay women a little bit more money man. I love it man. I told you some women empowerment so women's empowerment right now fellas, we might be in trouble. We might not be able to go hunting no damn more. Not with guns. Might just have bow and arrows. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. But enjoy a live man shit. Real talk.


If you watching this show then you gotta know the show presented by Pride Speaks Man. Go and download the number one sports fantasy app right now man. Use my promo code TRASHH. Yeah with two Hs. TRASHH go and download it right now. If you're a first time user that'll match you all the way up to a hundred dollars. You put a hundred dollars in, they gonna give you a hundred. Now you got $200 to play and how you play is easy, more or less. Explain well simple like my homie Showy. Your Tony last night hit one home run next game they probably happened for a one and a half home run. So either you put more or less Aaron Judge everybody here I'm slated to hit two home runs. You either put more or less and I guess how you play prize pitch, its either more or less. You ain't get baseball, you got the WNBA, you got hockey over right now. So it's simple. Only way you gonna win if you gonna play. So going down low prize picks right now, use my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs.


Yeah man it is. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this show today man. Much as I enjoy sitting here and doing what I'm doing. Like I'm saying I'm finna get back out on the road. Like I said, I got the comedy shows coming up man. So if I'm in your city, if you see me post a lot of times y'all just not tuning in. You know what I'm saying? You you wanna follow me, you wanna know what's going on. Besides you can catch me on IG at Bubba Dub 94. You can catch me on there. Pretty much everything on this show gonna be on there as well. So that way if you like, man I ain't been on YouTube, I'm on ig. Just type in the bubble dub 94 boom. Damn you to see what's going on with this show here. And my other things I got going on like my comedy show, just like I said, this Friday and Saturday I'm in Tommy Ts 26, 27.


I'm in to T'S in Pleasanton, California. Got two shows Friday, two shows Saturday and then the Sunday I'm down there in Sac time. Yeah, down in Sacramento at punchline that the 28 pull up on your boy. Go and grab 'em tickets right now. As soon as y'all see this, if you in them areas, go ahead and be grabbing them tickets. Don't wait. Just go ahead and order your two. Go ahead and grab your two or three tickets. Come out and support your boy man. We'll talk man. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this show today because I had fun talking about Camil Harry, talking about Team USA bullshitting as you talk about Biden. Man, we talked about everything when we talked about WNBA Allstar. We sold out women doing a beautiful thing. They got their money. Scotty Pepper Jr.


Bowing Scott. Shout out to Scotty. People balling. Gotta love it man. You got a little shout to my homie. Show a Tony with the Dodgers. I say he the best play in baseball right now and I stand on there. I say the greatest football player ever is Warren Moon and my mother. I don't care what y'all say and I ain't high none of that. I'm going with Warren Moon. Greg is basketball player. Kevin Durant damn a ride with kd. KD do what KD won too. And I respect it. And I respect it. Y'all better respect it too. Y'all better turn them notifications on. I'm told y'all, you got to know when I'm dropping. How you gonna know if you ain't got your notifications on?


Because I be looking at the comment, man, I finally got to catch you live. Well man, I missed a lie. If you turn your mothering notifications on, then you know when do dropping they Monday and I'm gonna be in the comment talking cash money shit to everybody today because I told y'all, you got the share this show. Why? Because I'm gonna take y'all. I'm gonna take somebody, I don't know who it is throughout the year y'all going, I'm gonna fly y'all out with me to go to a baseball game, football game and basketball game, just what I'm doing for y'all. I can't worry about no other podcasts, what they're doing for they people. I'm talking about what I'm doing for mine. And that's all I ask is simple. Sure. Likes and comings. That's all we growing over here, baby. We going up and I'm loving it too.


Yeah, I see y'all again when I see y'all. Please. The Volume.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep cover out now all about George Santos. It's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy Hoodwinked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean, Camilla Cabal, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red Victoria. Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin and More Stream. Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult Literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the Ad Council.