
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with These open ear Buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on Prime Video. There He Goes. This week the AFCs oldest rivalry is reignited. As the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns Wow. Wanna play here? Coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a prime member Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Steelers and Browns Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facet free financial wellness quiz to get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health. Visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell security, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


How crispy are the new Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli Mix. Crispy quesadillas or crispy Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If. you hate loud crunching. you might wanna mute. so crispy Like. barely hear myself. Think crispy These should come with a warning. If. this crispiness is making you hungry. Get to your closest grocery store for Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


The Volume. Oh my bad. Y'all ready? Oh my bad man. How y'all doing today? Welcome to the Bubble Dove Show. Before I even get started, y'all know how I like to get down on my show. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button to my people that for the first time tuning in, we just wanna say welcome. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. Today's show, you know I'm already upset. You know how I'm feeling? My phone big on DD all day because the Houston S beat Dallas but nobody in Deep El do you hear me?


Nobody out last night. But the cowboy scene to still have a after party last night. I'm gonna talk about it ain't done five, lost five ain't damn game at home this year. But y'all wanna have an after party. That's why we can't win. Know y'all outside. People don't know what's going on. But yeah, I had a party last night. You wanna come Never. I don't party with losers, I party with winners. You ain't won at home. You're the only team in the NFL that haven't won this year at home and you want to go out and party.


What we celebrating Jerry Johnson? Jerry Jones, nigga let Y Asses go. Them swinging them four fo tipping Hurston Texas fans done drove and flew down here and took over Dallas. It was Southside phase all over Arlington yesterday. And they ran the score up on us and we didn't do nothing about it. Nothing but y'all. NFL. Y'all wanna keep showing potato Sally face, Jerry Jones We don wanna see Jerry.


We wanna see progress and we are not seeing it. Desperate times come with desperate messages. I'm not a Dallas Cowboy fan. No damn mo. I'm a Dallas star now baby. I'm with the Stars. I'm with teams who give effort. I'm with teams who show up ready to play. The teams I'm going for. I'm with winners. Some of you should be with winners too. That's all them saying. Cooper Rush yesterday 32 for 55. He got the same arm as your arm. He got a arm, but you got him throwing the ball 55 times.


For what? Who the hell is he doing it to? It don't make no sense. It don't make no damn sense. Rico do 10 C 28. Damn yo. Send him back under that rock Where he come from? America Team my ass. Take him off tv, take him off Goddamnit vocal tv. Take him off.


But y'all wanna show Dak up there waving and shit because exactly what he been doing waving to us. It's what he been doing. Waving to us. Wonder why I'm upset. I'm gonna be mad the rest of the damn year. Yes, I'm gonna be a fan. I'm don't let what I'm saying here today, confuse some of my fans. I'm a Buffalo Bill fan, I'm with the, but I was just with the Dallas Cowboy man still, we still got a relationship like my side chick. I'm still hitting that. That's all I'm saying. I'm still hitting it now that not like I used to but I'm still hitting it.


It's embarrassing to be a Dallas Cowboy fan three in cell. I, I'm not even looking forward to Thanksgiving no more because we always know when the cowboy play on Thanksgiving, that's a win. Not no damn more. We done took the Detroit line spot now on Thanksgiving. No, when they come down to losing, not Detroit great. I get to them in the minute, but I'm sticking with these sir Dollar Cowboy CJ Strike 23 for 34, 257 yards of interception. You got the play belly than that. You tell me you can't throw no pass. Touchdown gets the damn cowboy.


Everybody else do it. The little giants team do it. Mixing ran all over us pulling a carriage 109 yard couldn't stop shit. Then he doing that little old, you know you too small for me as a defense. That's running me hot. I'm gathering up my truck. Look at him. We know the offense ain't gonna do nothing but de we gonna do something tonight. Them players don't believe you can't coach them. Can't win with them. You can't do nothing with them. Michaelson. You supposed to be illegal.


Well damnit leave. Don't nobody wanna hold each other time no more. They want go after party. That's what they gonna do. They wanna go after parties but they wanna come and cry to the media. I'll be just having a down year then you gonna have a down ass check if I'm Jerry Jones. When you come in that time for the re renegotiation with the contract, I'm gonna look at it. Well when you played the Houston, Texas you miss tackle. That mean I'm go down 4 million on your ass. Now tell me I'm lying.


Ain't no on the, ain't nobody giving out no damn hundred percent effort. Mike Sugar been gone sick of this shit. Y'all three in himself and do Jerry Jones care? Hell no. He up there eating apple sauce and, and and and every other pur food up there he can get See that's what y'all don't know what's going on. Jerry walking around. He still can walk, he still can talk. He still, you know what I'm saying? But that's a puree eagle. Now I'm sorry to break this news to y'all, but Jerry Jones is a puree eagle now. He can't eat steak no damn mo them days they eating steak is over.


He ain't deny if the Jerry Jones cussing everybody out there out, whoever say something to him, he cussing him out. He don't wanna hear it hurt and he ain't competent right now. So I feel like the lead, even though he'll move it down to his son Steven, he won't be no better. But they should make Jerry get rid of the team playing without minds and hearts and stuff like that. Man ma'am, people ain't trying to win y'all. So they lead me to my next thing. Next thing, their next move should be their best move. They better go get Coach Prime now. Ain't saying Coach Prime gonna come in and be a savior and all that. Give him time the same time that what he been doing up there in Colorado. He turned that around.


You think he can't turn shit before you Hager get here? What he's going do? Draft his son. You damn right. We'll put him right behind Dak for a year or two. Let him learn the offense. Let him give a feel of this shit ain't no different. When you get with a woman, you want feel a ass, you want feel that booty like or Kelly boy feel ain't on you if the girl ain't got no, you want a feel on it. You know us me, we like to touch with consent, with Conceal. But you gotta touch. That's the same thing. Bring Coach Prime in. Let him bring in his own coaching staff that he won't. Yeah, y'all do. Very other head coach.


Y'all hot. Let him bring his own people in. Come here Jerry, come here. I'm gonna be in the draft. I'm gonna be in the draft room with you now let sign off on who we say we get. You say you wanna win before you die, Jerry, you got seven months fam. I'm just being under you. 99 We don know when the good Lord gonna call you but you on deck. Let's be real. You on deck fam. Hopefully it's a long time from now, but let's be realistic. You wanna see the cowboy win another championship, you better make the move.


And I say make it now. You should ride here and bullshit. You didn't go get Derrick hearing this off season. That's your fault. You should ride here. Didn't go get you a number two or number three receiver. That your fault, you shook your ass up in there all day long and didn't go get no, no defensive backs that so far. And US fans supposed to pay for that shit. Not me. Not do. I switched teams. I'm with the mafia now I'm alon and damn it. So good. Little bit louder now. A little bit louder now. A little bit louder now.


Hey, Hey, hey. Oh, oh hey y'all got me singing temp taste in here today. Don Damn Cowboy will hurt your feelings. I'm going live. I know my only time, my friends, your homeboy gonna get to talk to me today is through this live because they right now do not disturb. I don't wanna talk to nobody. I had a record two or three months ago. I had made a dumb bet of $1,500 with a fan that I know that I said the cowboy was gonna win. Well that's why I was mad last night and and and and and things got, things got outta hand. Well they could have been.


They kind of got outta hand yesterday. And I know y'all seen that video though. That was real. I was really trying to do what I wanted to do to him. I just wanna put my hands on it.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey Guys. Rob Parker here to tell you that the National Sales event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get the great deal on a dependable new truck like the rugged half ton tundra, combining raw capability with premium comfort and advanced tech to fuel your wildest adventures. Or check out the Tacoma delivering trail dominating power and captivating style. The new Tacoma was born to make your off-roading dreams come true. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


How crispy are the new Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah, Deli Mix. Crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up If. you hate loud crunching. you might wanna mute. Mm So Crispy Like barely hear Myself. Think crispy These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli MX Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


This is John Mme Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your rides info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible, whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered with over 25 years in the mattress industry, Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by master craftsmen, ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and ship conveniently to your front doorstep for free. Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing you are making the right choice. Visit brooklyn bedding.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off site-wide sale going on now.


Dallas Cowboy season's Officially over. They will not be going to the playoffs this year. Good. Now why can't we see Rey Lin? Why we gotta keep looking at Cooper. Cooper. Cooper? What do he can't play What we saw issue absolutely garbage. New York Street garbage, dag Woods. Cooper Rush is I wanna see Trey land. What? What's the, we got to see what he can do. Maybe he got some value. Maybe somebody else. Another team wanna bring him in for a third round or four Maybe we gotta see something because I'm Jerry Jones.


I'm on the phone with Dion right now. Prime time. Hey must be and Jerry Jones got plenty money. He ain't got that much time. What? He got much money. I'm on the phone with Coach Prime. I gotta a check up her. You can fill it out yourself. I got to have you and I I already, I'll have Mike McCartney in the room while I'm calling Coach Prime. You know when you get out that seat Coach Prime gonna see that. Don't you say say it. Can you hear Just no end of the season. Yeah I left.


That's why I'm letting Mike McCourtney know right now. End of the season you're five in Trump boys speaking of Trump. I know y'all saw him. Elon Musk at that UFC fight. Something going on. And to my white people out there that I'm cool with and love. Damn I in. I know y'all motherfuckers playing escape and I'm escaping with you in the And don't leave. Bring me with you.


Bring me with you. I bring value to any situation I go to. That's what I do. I bring value. Lot of bullshit going on in the world right now man. I can say what you want. Lot of people crying Hoing holler by Kabbalah Harry, by Donna Trump. I ain't like neither. The people you live with don't even like you. Your own husband don't like you. Your own wife don't like you, your sister, your, they don't even like your ass. But you expect us the girl you wanna find out who, what people really you do. You really wanna find out how people really feel about you. Let 'em know who you voted for.


Do you hear me? If somebody find out you voted for Kamala or you fought, you voted for Trump man they'll fall out with your ass. Politics is the number One thing. You wanna know how people really feel about you. Let 'em know who you voted for. Shit. You could be friends with a person at the bank, been giving your ass loan for years. Let them find out who you voted for and let and it ain't who they like shit long denied do you hear me long denied friendship over and to my legals. I told y'all Trump not bullshitting. He gonna get the Army Navy. Oh US Marshall.


Shit y'all gone to my legal friends who got businesses right now and and and them and the equipment. Y'all got come find me bubbaMorgan94@gmail.com. I wanna buy y'all the equipment because you ain't gonna be able to take it with you. That's what I'm hearing. I'm hearing where Trump them come, they coming in like a thief in the night. Even if you with your families, everybody gotta go. So if you wanna make a little money before you go back to wherever you from, damn it. Come find me. I'm willing to cash. I'm willing to pay top dollar too. I'm willing to pay top dollar for your businesses. Anybody out there wanna go ahead with me or wanna go in on some equity. Get with your boy.


That's what we on right now. Them legals. I had some pocket here. I seen them buy the of the, they had a big these dually truck, they took the side panel off. 70 Mexicans fell out. God damn. How y'all breathing? How y'all riding around 20 hours with no water? Shit. Lemme find out my Mexican friends. Y'all well y'all, y'all some span shit. Y'all part P. Y'all got deals. Ain't no goddamn wagon ride in a pound of a back of a truck with no water and don't move. Shit. I been done got us caught.


They just laying in that mama not saying nothing. Shit take heart. Mexican got two hearts. I told y'all that. That's why I love them two hearts. One of the best people on this earth and Mexicans not the only one illegals blacks, some of us illegals. Let's be real. Some of us illegal right now. Some of us right now got warrants hiding and ducking and going to other people houses and And one the highest One thing I hate about black people man. You know what I'm saying. We talking about be in trouble. We'll hide him out. Same when I had a cousin who committed a murder, I ain't know nothing about he hiding out with me. Now he got people, he me on my dm man. I know you hiding him out. When we see you we gonna do you too.


I tell you so fam, you ain't got to do nothing to me. You can come to my house right now. The door unlocked. He ain't there right now eating cereal. My kids here don't, don't do nothing. Just come in and take him and go. I'll go ahead and call my auntie and tell her we lost him. That's the least I could do to give her a Heads up that that she lost her baby boy don't don't be out there starting trouble and coming around me and I don't know what the hell going on. Don't be blindside me. Lemme know fam. I ain't gonna lie. I done done something I ain't supposed to be doing. I wanna know can I come Kiki with you and I'm a politely tell you. Hell no. Matter of fact where you at? No, no, no. I need the lag latitude and longitude. Where you at?


North, south, east. Where what? What address you on? You hungry? I can Uber eat You gimme your address the whole time I'm singing the family there or I'm singing the police after your ass. It's keeping than 100 with y'all a day. Everything I'm going through, I'm blaming blaming it on the Dallas cowboy. It they fault it's they fault. My head hurt. It's, you know what I'm saying it they fought me and my girl into it. It's they fought and me and the Indian guy at the store got into it. Motherfucker do you understand deodorant, I'm getting tired of coming to you Indian stove and you motherfuckers. I ain't putting on no deodorant. Your own stink.


You ain't in India no more mother, you in America put some OD on your damn on like all these damn aromas in here and candles in here and everything else. SI can't even purchase what I wanna purchase because I'm smelling arms all motherfucking day got me trying to see if it's mine or not. We gotta do better. That's what's wrong with y'all. Y'all be around y'all friends every day and don't let em don't never don't tell 'em nothing. Some of your friend be musty. You ain't say nothing. You what kind of friend are you?


What kind of friend are you? You pay if my friend must ain't gonna tell you man you gonna get your big musty ass. I'm around go take a bath somewhere man. Like Galveston Beach water. See come on now we gotta do better and it starts with me. I gotta do better. I gotta start being on time for my own damn show. That's my fault. But I'm getting together. I'm getting me together and I'm getting my team together. Y'all don't deserve to be waiting a minute or two late on my black ass. No y'all don't. I'm getting that together but I'm gonna need y'all to do some shit too. Light button come in. Sure All this shit go together.


Another thing I wanna talk about tonight, nipple tills him. Everybody still talking down on Bernie James but y'all act like he starting for the damn Lakers. Y'all act like Bernie starting nip tears. He dagg and did that. What about these other NFL hungers that bring the next to, I ain't going even use that word. I'm gonna use your ass children in and let them run the company. Y'all ain't talking about nepotism then Only when do it. Oh what's cool when y'all do it? It a problem when I do it. Yeah we know Bernie James ain't the best of player. We know it. We know he needs some pins on oil. Ain't that mobile. We know it it but he ain't starting for the Lakers.


Some of y'all man he don't even want fly commercial. He ain't got fly commercial. Some of y'all got to realize man he ain't grow up like we grow up baby. He grew up different. Your dad is a LeBron. James probably the greatest basketball player ever. And I get it man. So that don't mean he no better than nobody's. Right. We all equal this miracle. You do know that don't you? You do know it's some women out here that you'll never get. Not because you not good enough as a person because you ain't got the people that's all. You ain't got the paper, you ain't got the background, you ain't got the pedigree just like some of you dog breeders.


Them damn dogs. Some of them dogs y'all got is not full blooded and y'all know it. I ain't never seen a damn Bull Master Frenchy but my cousin trying to sell me one sell right now for 15,000 Nimble. Somebody look up a bull master Frenchie. I ain't never saw it in my damn mind but my cousin got a picture of one. That's one of the biggest beautiful, smallest dogs I ever seen in my damn life. Dagg it this tall mama this tall, the damn dog gets tall. Stop it no damn. Lord. Forgive me, forgive me. I said I was gonna work on my attitude y'all.


I see y'all asking fanatics. Y'all want the jersey fanatics, y'all want the hat fanatics. Go and get it. Get you a discount and wherever you want. Get at me. I wearing them Bull jerseys out there. Get with fanatics, they got the best search your team, your favorite team, the best fanatics go and get it then. You know right now it feel good. You feel how you look? I told you I'm a star so and y'all are stars. So act like if you a star the Damnest sign right. Some of you start doing good in life you gonna got a promotion but you don't want to tell your friends because they gonna think oh you a nerd you didn't move up. No I wanna do better.


You sure wanna do better if you got friends around you and they can't applaud you when you doing good get out around them. I don't wanna hang around people who gonna wanna see me do good. Somebody around you do good. You supposed to be doing this. Yeah clapping for them. Yeah because you know one day it could be you and you would want somebody to clap you on but we gonna do it. We look down our long as noses as folks got that new high now see can they pay for it got the new car. I bet that bet that note high. Why you worried about it? You ain't paying it.


We our own worst enemies man. Pat, y'all ain't say nothing to Jerry Jones when he got here. Me your ass son. Steven Jones running the cowboy. He said nepotism then won't be a Belichick had his trash son coaching skills, coaching the damn paper. Y'all didn't say nothing then. But when LeBron James do something it's a problem. I think we nigga look in the mirror and I ain't plug to James James but I rock LeBron now I'm just keeping it 100. I don't kiss no ass nothing. That ain't how I roll boy. Ain't good enough. He need to be in the G League but all this crying, all this crying for what? If you cry what the key is going to do.


That's all I'm saying. If you cry what the key is going to do Too much bullshit going on. We gotta stop it. Another shit going on Tyrese. Maxey, he gonna call out Joy LMB and that's what you supposed to do. Come here. Come on. I know you sell too unstoppable when you on the floor I got something better than that. That's what you're doing out the floor. It's been reported that your had been late to every meeting. I damn stop all that. You wanna be a one, you gotta be illegal. I just told y'all about me being on time. I'm saying I wanna be one of the best like I ain't been on time so right now I ain't the best and I'm down on myself about it.


Y'all might not know it but I'm but I'm doing shit to be. That's why I was on time today joining B meetings. You late stop it. You getting too much mothering money to be late. You got players looking up to you. People on the bench looking up to you. You know how many people wanna be in the NBA. There's some good players right now that y'all been crying about saying they should be here before burning. There's some good players that not getting the league right now. Wishing they had the opportunity you got and here you are late getting three, $400 million.


Stop it. They start cutting them damn checks y'all start acting right. That's all. And I'm an EBA owner and my top players coming in late. Not Lee, I'm docking your pain. That's all. I'm dock your pain. Where my Formula one racers at? Where y'all at man, it's going down in Vegas this weekend man. All my Formula one drivers out there man. Hey all my fans out there. Hey if you are a Formula One fan go down there to Las Vegas man and turn up man. I don't know if y'all never been to one of no Formula one racing but man that shit is super, super fun man. Super, super good. People be out there having fun, drinking, having a good old time watching these boys race real skilled race like know what I'm saying?


You gotta have real skills. I know some of y'all done hell Cats that. That it. You talking about real racing over here, one you ain't been tapped in, you better tap into it Real talk. But as far as Tyree Maxey and Joe MB, they're good friends. They'll get it together when I don't force me seeing them win, I can't see it. Paul George ain't never won bringing them over. That ain't gonna change shit. Bringing Paul George yo ain't gonna change shit and feel it. Yeah player players having to call team me. What happened to the coach Nick Nerve. Why you ain't calling no team me? Why you ain't saying nothing to your to your league or your team The best player on your team.


We in here practicing. He come in late. I'm y'all go shoot around. Come here, come in my office. I ain't gonna talk bad to you in front of nobody. I'm gonna do it right. I'm gonna do it in private. I'm gonna get on your long Nigerian long nose. Looking as this is my team, I'm the coach. This my team, I'm running this and Damon, when I say a meeting at three o'clock Damon you better be here at two 30 and your ass are be in grease. Your ass are be in grease.


Talk to my oil field people out there for a minute. To my people that's in the oil field. Get that money, get your money. But if you got a family at home, if you got a girlfriend at home, it's time for you to take off sometime and bring your ass home because I'm tired of spurring these good women they they in need of some meat and damn it, I've been holding back and I don't know how long I can hold back. So I want some money because begging and mommy don't work like that. Mommy don't work like that.


Y'all getting that money and sending it home and she fucking not both pants, legs. You niggas in the oil field. Better be careful because she's sending that money home and baby girl fucking are both pants legs when you call home. Oh we are great. Hey baby. Hey stay out the extra week. I'm trying to get this and that long as she trying to get some more meat before you get there because she know when you come home you gonna be ready buckle. Yeah you gonna be ready. Careful homeboy girlfriend right now I can I bo pants leave. She gonna think I know it but I know all the bo guess what I'm getting in her DM next week.


Look at you. I know fam gonna be gone 30 days shit. And I know you've been sleeping with such and such shit. I'm Nick. He telling me all these tricks and shit you doing. I want you to trick on me to, I want all that swirling and shit I doing. Don't you deny me, don't you deny me. I tell it I stop all your damn run vs. That's One thing about me. You can't let me know nothing. I tell it I I black shit. I blackmail your ass way. My partner saying you throwing that shit back. Shit I'm dying To find out I'm not bullshitting you.


I'm down there calling my cousin now fam if you stay out there 60 days and 30, 30 days, boy that check blue I'm talking about boy you gonna have you gonna be up stay out there. I go by there and feed your horses and shit. Piece I can do we family right? We family. Right. Shit. Put meat too. Put straight meat giving a real hay. A FF shit. Giving a A Life comes at you fast which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes.


So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. This Is Doug Gottlieb from the Doug Gottlieb Show here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and the heavy duty half-ton tundra. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com.


The official website for deals To, find out more. Toyota let's go places. How crispy are the new Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up If. you hate loud crunching. you might wanna mute. so Crispy Like barely Hear myself. Think crispy These should come with a warning. Mm If this crispiness is making you hungry. get to your closest grocery store for deli MX Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


This is John Miko from three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further, then the odometer can even handle you Start thinking yourself, yourself. You know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems and even that turbo you've had on your mind.


eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit.


So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love. This podcast is sponsored by PayPal.


Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurant's, beauty, gas and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up. Start earning 5% cashback today.


Don't just pay. Pay Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted. Not bullshit. What y'all today? This show being presented by Pride Picks. Yeah go on. Download the number one sports thing app right now. Use my promo code Trans with the two Hs down below. Put $5 in and they gonna give you 50 Cowboys. Ain't worth a damn.


I'm a Buffalo Bill fan now you see what we did the y'all we gonna run through the 49 ERs. Two y'all off to the sea Haws. Where my Denver Bronco fans at? I ain't forgot about you. I seen what Bo Nicks doing. I see it everybody. Y'all late. I talked about Tyson the other day. I guess I gotta talk about again did y'all seem like Tyson have his ass out like a strip? What's some six shit going on Him gave him 250,000 to have his ass out.


Put mine out tomorrow somebody pay me and whoever, somebody gimme 250, I'm showing mine next. Y'all ain't saying nothing. My Tyson about getting this money. Don't say nothing about me getting mine. My ass coming not next. Who gonna gimme some money pen? Where you at Lucas or where you at? Ain't anything except baby Hall. They say Pete Diggy there right now playing strip poker. Oh he got the money money on And them inmates are do whatever he want him to do. Hey Diddy, You don't think Diddy in there having a ball?


Shit he got too much money. He got too much money. Shit, them inmates doing whatever they want. They ripping each other apart in this cell P did whoever in there with him ripping each other apart that God damn wound smell like booty and all and Welch is great and Biggie voice biggie, biggie, biggie. Can't you see sometimes your words just ize me and I just love your freaky ways. Yeah dig them letting you know then he was freaky Dicky dig Diddy make love to a salamander.


I'm not shit. What? Dig? Shit dig, rub. Get they baby all on his skin and get freaky. Just they dope when niggas get on dope they get freaky. Diddy were freaking in them motherfuck wounds. I don't know if he had consent or not but he was freaking that's how made that song. Y'all know he was was to him freaking you. You up and you say stop. They say Diggy was in the back when they were producing. They ruck had his eyes on all of them. I ain't bullshit.


Diggy a freak. He ain't the only one. Some more freaks out there too. And they going come to the light too. You watch, you watch how this shit play out. Diggy ain't the only one freaking him. Didi a bad mother. Y'all don't wanna gimme props though. Y'all want to down the man because he yeah we know he a scumbag. Hell some of you scumbags. Hell I thought I was feeling good about myself. I googled myself yesterday. Didn't nothing come up man. I'm mad motherfucker. I thought I was something about I Google me this shit pop up boy. My feelings hurt.


I thought I was getting my bluffing on these ho But you know I'm somebody don shit. Yeah I know. Shit I ain't shit my net worth negative $30 Just done fired. They G Joe Douglas Good. Aaron Rogers, Nicks y'all find everybody except he on Aaron Rogers. He the one that need to go ain't worth for damn no more. Went up there to New York and and waste your name of time. Joe name is royalty Mink coat wearing on ring in the New York.


Just history. Mother Joe ninth a ride. Thought he was gonna run up to New York and save him but to no avail baby though White. He looked at white men dead in the eyes and told her that pay me. That's why I get 30% commanders who dressed the cowboy. Y'all know damn. Whether Commander's gonna win that game, Cowboys ain't winning shit. They too busy. Them drinking tequila. King say all as night with dots.


Some bad pots at that Cowboy ain't winning shit. They drunk all the damn time. They hell your favorite player on the team smoke block of miles. I ain't gonna say his name but your favorite player on the cowboy smoke block of miles you can't trust now nigga that smoke block of miles that playing football. That's all I saying now when they retire that's good. But right now playing football, smoking blacks, shit Whole lot shit going on man. Watching a lot of things going on. You men out here wearing matching pajamas with your girl and that.


That motherfucker got magic pajama with her side nigga too. Y'all take your family picture. Yeah she gonna take the same motherfucking photo with the next nigga Here you're smiling like everything good like you the only one getting it. No you not. Somebody else get so of your now putting fa she said he got better vanilla wafers. See that's what wrong with y'all when y'all make banana pudding, some of y'all vanilla wafers be soggy. I like mine crunchy. See y'all be going getting them out brands. Vanilla wafer. You gotta get the real deal. The ones in the yellow box CL gotta put another abstract in there come everybody can't make but now they're putting, they claim they can but they can't.


Only a few, only a handful had this one young chick going in the kitchen the other day told her, you know I'm from the old school be I don't want no nothing make me make me some meatloaf shit. And motherfuckers in there sweating breaks whole face done turn red. She was dead. I'm gonna be, I don't know how to make meatloaf. You not. I know you don't. I know you going how to make meatloaf but I got meatloaf for you back in the bedroom again. You got damn right. I've been buying you clothes from designer on clothes and designer shoes. Album designer ass time.


I come in this room too because Rose Sports got me on hard. Never been with a guy like you always on hard and you and is that all you think about And you, you ain't doing nothing else but on phone and my bank account at me. I'm Finn be in You pushing inside. You can't explain the way it feel. All I wanna do is be with you Y do nothing about that old masterpiece. Gotta put something on they mind when they come over you.


You, you. I want first class helps better get in shape fucking with me. Better join you some kind of Planet Fitness, LA Fitness. I don't give a damn some fitness because I'm feeding something in you. I'm not bullshit. I'm I be like I be you think about what dub be doing. Shit. You getting off getting off. I'm not bullshitting. I love them phone call. I just dropped them off at school. Shit. I'm right down the road. You want some breakfast? Huh? What you want Burger?


What you want Mickey D, windy Chick-fil-A chick W chicken with egg on top. Whatever you want. I got it And it's gonna be hot when I deliver it too. I only eat, I'm gonna give you 45 minutes to digest and get good. They get, they get every a rope, they get every roast one time they get into my bloodstream and when they get my blood stream I get to move like that. I cut the music off. She think I'm dancing for her. I'm dancing to get this shit in my bloodstream because when it go down mighty Joe Woo. I'm going down no condom. If you knew her you gonna learn something about me. It's nothing but entertainment going on over here.


If you want to know some fun facts, you gonna do trivia. Do I have sex on the first night? You God. Right. It's in the Bible. In the Bible. Woman shall give any man sex on the first night with no hesitation. Said the Bible. Go on the gun. You wanna be submissive. Give it up on the first night. Not even give it up. I'm talking about get real good sloppy head on the first night cheat girl you gonna prosper. I ain't bullshit. You might have $5 in your bank account right now, but if you follow my rules and guidelines you'll have 1500 by Sunday. You'll have $1,500 by Sunday. And why Y always gotta be a me.


You women should still have it said on the first day. Yes. It's not lady like to do that. It's dummy. Like if you don't do it Christmas time coming up and your little boy already told you he want the PS five, he want the legacy shoes And you and and you gonna make enough money for that 'cause the daggy already ain't happen. So what you going to do? You gonna be selfish. You gonna be selfish enough not to give your son a dog what they want, don't he on our future. And we should give them whatever they want. Ladies, I I expect better from y'all and I need y'all to step up to the plate this year and instead of fucking out one pan leg, I need y'all to fucking out both pans legs.


And you should start this week. Thanksgiving next week. You already complaining you ain't got no groceries and you gonna, you done ran outta stamps. You better get down with the kick down. Kick your dms right now. God damnit. I'm in that motherfucker waving like they don't say I'm in now. You want a good Thanksgiving nugget. You want your family finally come over and eat with you. I got $375. I can sit here right now. You can get you some dressing. You can get your hands, you can get you some greens, mac and cheese. Two buckets of chicken, some cornbread. Bake your two cakes, three pies. Amen. Let's, let's eat. So what's the hold up? Let's eat.


He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Hell people ask me part show. Y'all gonna know. People ask me Bubba. It is the hell no. Ask me a couple questions. I'll let you know if it's hell or not. Bubba do would you ever work in the oil field? Hell no. You take a real man and a real woman to work in the oil field. Bubba Dub can't do it. Why? I gotta watch my old lady I gotta watch. I gotta watch my hen house. I might have kids watching know dub do down just a little bit. I gotta watch my he houses. It's too many foxes, coyotes, Bobcats that love chicken. I can't do that. And I'm 400 miles away.


I gotta be here. Well shit, I'm not working in no damn field. Hell no. Would you let your cousin move in with you? You know what I'm saying? If he would down, look, hell no. You better find a shelter. Hell no. I don't shit family. I get you a, I get you into a shelter. But moving in with me while I got an old lady would she like to walk around really with nothing on because that's the way I like my girl. Walk around with nothing because I have access to her at all time. Real talk. I like my girl. Walk around naked.


Come chill. Chill. Shit. Netflix and me. That's what you getting trash of the day. Going to Mike McCarthy. Trash ain't won a home game yet. Do you hear me? Ain't won a home game yet, but yet he still got a job. Make it make sense. Him and Jerry got something going on. I don't know what it is. He got on Jerry Jones, but Mike McCartney got something on. Hopefully y'all can hit the like button by the day. Hopefully you can bring in to come miss chopping nigga. Hopefully you done done all that. Two, five people online.


I have over two 500 likes. I beg, I don't, I beg $150 right now when I log off. I don't even have 2,500 likes here. That's how y'all do me. That's how y'all do the prison. That make you laugh. Make your stomach hurt. That's how y'all do me. Don't do me like that. Tap in with your boy. Like I say, y'all want some hats, jerseys and stuff. Knowing I got the bubble dub on the back, man. Y'all want be, let me know. We we, we finna make this happen man. If y'all want this merch, I got you straight for NGAs. I get you get discounts and everything man. If you got a team, you gotta start rocking the merch man. You gotta start rocking your, your team jersey or your shirt and everything man.


Yeah. S will make make that happen for you. Promise you that. Thank y'all for watching today man. I'm gonna be in Abilene, Texas on Friday. Texas City, Saturday Day at the Texas Convention Center. Tap in, tap in with your boy. She out tomorrow night. Peace and blessing. Love them out The. Volume. Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. Finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do. Enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order and that makes Us fasting For life.


Now, I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by our sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void Wear prohibited by law.


18 plus terms and conditions apply. The 2025 iHeartPodcasts awards are coming. This is the chance to nominate your podcast for the industry's biggest award. Submit your podcast for nomination now at iheart.com/podcast awards. But hurry, submissions close on December 8th. Hey, you've been doing all that talking. It's time to get rewarded for it. Submit your podcast today at iheart.com/podcast awards. That's iheart.com/podcast awards.