
This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's Up with hate.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock Up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for store wide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags. Turn on eligible cleaning items from Tide, Downey, Sharman, and Dawn, or Dinner Essentials from Hidden Valley Healthy Choice or Pillsbury plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly, we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume. What's up everybody? Hope everybody having a good day. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. You know how we rock and roll over here Sunny day, You know it was, it was storming yesterday but day the sun. Now you gotta, you gotta feel good man, that you alive, that you are breathing. You hit the light button. You know I'm on that BS today. You know if you watching this show right now, You know I'm finna be on some bs. You just gotta know it. You hit the like button, hit the subscribe button and when you do, make sure you keep your notifications turned on because you never know when we going go live over here on the bubble do show or you never know when we going to drop.


But you got to know I'm on straight up bullshit today and we starting to show out with them. O-K-C-A-M-C Wing don't matter y'all. Y'all didn't wanna listen to me. Come on Doug. Y'all beat the pelicans. You mean the stuff Pelicans? That's who we beat last night. 15 assists. That letting me know right now that, that, that that Dick Gregory died is working made Dick Gregory rest in peace.


May him rest in peace. But the Dick Gregory die is working on Luca Dunton right now. He can egg in two or three years to LeBron James basketball career. Now y'all ass is crying and I don't wanna hear it because if you cryin what the baby gonna do, we gonna talk about it today on this show. Oh, it's the pelicans. I don't give a damn who it is. The Lakers in 2025 is handling business. It's the pelicans. Well let's talk about it. Ru didn't play, AR didn't play. We had two starers out and we still handling bigness. I thought Hayes, I thought Hayes was Kevin Gordon.


Tell me I'm lying. I thought Hayes was Kevin Gordon. Well he catches he for eight Tim rebounds. 19 points. Huh? Huh. You know gave nothing. So are we EI say are we e put some respect on them Lake or dam right now? Now let's break the game down. LeBron James played 33 minutes. Y four points 10 for 18. You mean tell me this 40-year-old man I playing these young boy. Is that what I that's what I'm telling you. That's what I'm telling you.


And y'all sitting back hating instead of enjoying what this man has been able to do over his 20 plus year career. Y'all mad and jealous. Oh man they ain't playing nobody. Oh man the Lakers don't play no defense. You a damn lie. You a damn lie. Why can't y'all just come out and say You know what man we was wrong. We thought it wasn't gonna work because the LeBron so ball dominant and Luke was so ball dominant we didn't think it was going work. But that JJ Redick looking like a a 30 thou well 39, 40-year-old Pat Riley older is getting old, drawing up real plays something that Dorham never did. Let me tell y'all some real shit here today. If Dorham was our coach and when Luca first played him three or four games he was struggling, Dotham would've had Luca on the bench.


But James a a real coach, he like no I'm not putting no we gonna keep riding with him even though he's struggling, we gonna keep him in the game. That's what you got to do. Even when things ain't going right in your life, you got to keep on going. And that's what the Lakers are doing right now man they are must see TB on we got the whole world tuned in each and every night. LeBron don't want over 50,000 motherfucking points. That's amazing. That's amazing To be able to lash that long nigga must got dur cell batteries in his body the way he out there everlasting.


Do you hear me? LeBron got dur cell because see Evertt and you can't stop right now what they're doing. Each and every time I come on this show, I'm preaching to y'all about the wide open shot that the Los Angeles Lakers are gigging with LeBron James and Luca Duney on the floor. We ain't even talking about AR wasn't even there. Ar ar ain't been hurt the last two games. He ain't unru they ain't big Now You know a ar shooting that mother, You know that. Hey man, hey the west know you. I'm fucked up don't you? Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm being serious though. You know you don't fucked up don't you Nico? Ha Nico Harry You know you gonna fucked up don't you?


No you don get no, you gonna get one of the greatest players ever to play this game. A top five superstar player right now in they prime you gonna do that and for the people who crying. Oh man y'all LeBron nigga the top five nigga. Shut up bro. Five years old. I understand if people were 25 through 30 you could say that dumb ass shit that you saying but you can't say that right now. Y'all said LeBron was a fish outta water and we already know when a fish outta water they die. Well guess what That damn fish, somehow the people on the beach have pushed that killer well back out into the ocean. Ooh he back way below now. Ooh you in trouble.


You motherfuckers in trouble and I don't wanna hear LA right now. The sun out right now. They they they on they skateboards. They they, God it they at Santa Monica they they at Malibu port. They smoking again. Everything is good in LA right now. Jack Nicholson. Finn come back in a movie again. A real talk. The sky is the line in LA right now. Yeah I know you got ok. C and KLC Legos and Pine. I don't give a about nothing in kc. I'm the real fund though. Don't don't be no damn wrong in no seven gang and You know it ain't nobody come to see you say and You know it.


What wrong say I made your asses. Yeah Y thought things were going to do something. Never K Oregon with his coach every damn day. Can't get your ass out there during the summer. Oh don't forget about holy State nipple Curry transmissions going on Start slipping real soon 'cause he gets off right now. But by the time the playoffs hit them he going to be burnt out. Who he gonna kick it to Draymond. Shit, I like my chances with them kicking the ball out. The black ass Draymond Draymond's scoring two points every damn of night. Dray, Draymond can't even open his mind no motherfucking mo Now nigga out there scoring two and three four points at and then in the hug or talking shit.


Boy you get your ass somewhere in the corner or somewhere and shut your damn mouth. You scoring two or three points. You can't talk to me. I ain't Jordan pool, you ain't gonna put your hand on me then apologize like everything all right I beat damn We fighting every day at practice until I get my damn win in. Give a damn if I gotta catch you coming outta the goddamn damn church I'm gonna get me a victory. Wrong as man you for me putting me to sleep in front of my teammates and shit. Ain't no damn way. Ain't no damn way. But the Lakers right now the second seed right now behind O-K-C-O-K-C got like a nine and a half, 10 half league in the Number one spot right now.


But I'm telling y'all right now, we gonna put the league on no right now or you you, you can damn sure believe that the league on no right now. And and I'm be honest with you, they scared y'all don't wanna see bro and Luca and no playoff and and and what they do, what they able to do right now y'all don't want and they got haze looking like Garnet. Y'all don't want see that because Number one you Dallas people y'all are hot. That shit ain't going to never work. We going do something your season over praying for your carrier over you and tell your ACL praying for you that you get well but your season over that shit up there in Dallas dead, dead ae you wasn't coming back no damn way. You might as well wanna come back the next dead let it go.


Let it go. And if you a male fan and you love Luca come on over to LA we're welcome. Come on over to LA we need you. Luca starting to feel at home again. Y'all he got the Snoop Dogg slippers, he got the Snoop Dogg robe. God damnit, he got the Snoop Dogg weed over there but I'm finna take that guy and give him this ain't trance and then everything don't be all right if you ask me now if you really wanna know the first person to get lu some weed. It wasn't nobody but bro. Oh Brody that nigga on the road see the plugs on the road with that weed. I'm not bullshit. He ain't playing so see hey I got the weed shit they go in them hotel rooms start playing cars store gambling when you go in there already there's no phones.


You can't have no phone. No we don't do no snitches. Oh no we gonna do that D'Angelo rush. We don't do that at all. Ain nothing got a little old suitcase or nothing. Nothing but nothing But look in that motherfucker smoking looking at the playbook and then they got a treadmill in there for him and God he on the treadmill and he drinking the Dick Gregory Shake. That's what's going on with Luca right now and You know what's coming up. We got them bad ass Nicks coming up tomorrow night and I know you motherfuckers don't be watching. Yeah, yeah y'all gonna be watching tomorrow because you're hoping and praying that we lose. I tell you what, it ain't going to happen. It ain't going motherfucking happen.


I'm telling y'all that right now. G Lee, Bruce Lee, spike Lee, Lakers and Pine Lakers and Pine. I'm loving what I'm seeing for my squad and I'm gonna come on my show and be admit when the Lakers first got JJ Rigg I wasn't for it. I didn't see it at all but now I can see it all right now. Do you hear me? I can see it all right now Lakers in June holding up that Larry O'Brien trophy. LeBron doing this 'cause he got five of these mother I'm talking about five. Yeah when he get that number five the debate is over.


Not gonna say his name 'cause I know y'all may I won't say that other man name but when LeBron get fired the debate is over. I don't want y'all to come on my show no motherfucking more and say that other man name no more. I don't want to hear it. When LeBron get that fifth ring, when you do come over there and talk with you better say LeBron James LeBron joke go. You see what did to Deante West when you gonna do right come here you come. You know man Don dunno if he coming or going again. That's just real talk come on.


But act like y'all don't know what's going. I don't ride this bunk. That's a lot going on. Deebo Samuels don't went to the commanders. What the hell you cowboys waiting on? You gonna let this bad mofo go to the commanders like they like they need cowboy fans. It's gonna be a long motherfucking season for us again. Niggas ain't trying to wing up there in Dallas. Bullshit. Having all these motherfucking and fruit. Those motherfucking fruit. I want some players. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other.


'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's up with hate


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IIRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Don't miss your window of opportunity. Upgrade your space now during blinds dot com's anniversary sale and save up to 50% sitewide blinds.com. Elevate your windows with the Number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com offers hundreds of premium window treatment options. Choose from woven wood and Roman shades to blinds, motorized shades and more. All designed to fit your budget without sacrificing. Quality blinds.com brings the showroom to you. With free virtual consultations and samples delivered directly to your door fast and free. Our design experts can help schedule a professional measure and installation plus guidance for DIYers too. blinds.com has been trusted for 29 years, earning thousands of five star reviews. Shop with confidence knowing you'll get upfront pricing, no hidden fees and blinds dot com's. 100% satisfaction guarantee. But hurry, these savings won't last. Shop Blind Stock Com's anniversary sale happening right now for up to 50% sitewide. Save up to 50% sitewide@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Let's be honest, most of us have a love-hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift but hate the digging. We love the support but hate feeling trapped. Well Nix just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free flex 15. That's KNI x.com Code free Flex 15 for 15% off nicks.com.


Eagles done resign. Shaquan Barkley gave him a new deal. He deserves it. When you do good you you get rewarded. Nobody on the Cowboys should be getting rewarded. So if anything the Cowboys should be getting it's a belt and putting Wes on they asses. That's what they need. God damn what's his name? Dak Prescott. All that. Oh my wheel buying ring nigga buy buy us se ring nigga res buying rings. Why can't we buy one Sick of the nonsense we going through up there in Dallas. Man everybody taking pay cuts. I love it. But who are we going bring in to help us man?


Well y'all, You know what I'm saying? Y'all talking about going out getting DK metcal or the receiver that just got cut by the jet Devonte Adams. God damn we need lamb. Need some help over there. Need some help. Every motherfucking year we lose. Every year we lose. We don't do shit Right but lose, that's the only thing we do. Right As a cowboy fan and lose who Y'all rather have Devonte or DK Metcal Lil Metcalf to there but he be dropping too many mother fucking balls for me.


I need you to catch this motherfucker secure it and go nah man I just don't understand what the Cowboys doing anymore. There's too many reports going around going to college now. Too many reports are hating reports that I'm seeing about Shado sandal. I don't like it. Every other report he this, he's that. Just turn on the motherfucking tape and you can see what this man has been able to do at the college level. He could throw the ball with the best of 'em. He can place it where it need to be placed. He could throw it on the run. I don't know what else y'all need to see from Sador. Yes, we already know he hold ball too long sometimes trying to make plays. But that is coaching, that's all that that can be fixed now while he go the first round.


First one through 10. I don't know. But the motherfucker is worthy of the pick. Y'all be nitpicking and going on. Just say you going like Coach Prime, that's all. That ain't got nothing to do with Shaar like the hatred for Sanders in the NFL business. It it, it just ridiculous. It. It's just ridiculous. And I hate to throw a race card out there but the other white quarterbacks don't go through the shit that these black quarterbacks go through and I'm tired of the shit. No e ESPN no fo they ain't gonna cover it but damn it I'm gonna cover it. Why do the black players get so much scrutiny and the white players don't somebody answer that shit for me.


All these damn white kids ain't coming from no damn gray homes. They not, some of them coming from the trailer parts too but seem like every black player besides the door come out. Oh they have a rough childhood. I mean we don't know they are. You know the father wasn't in their life. Come on man. It's a lot of black players have had both of their parents in their life. Why that shit don't get covered. Why always the bad shit get covered? That's why I don't understand man let's be fair. 2025, let's be fair. Why can't we do that? Why always gotta be tit for tagging this and that. Why can't we all just say that's a fine young football player right there man.


But we gonna do that. We nitpick at certain little old things. Why we going to like this dude or why we going to like that or what he last or he won't let or his d it got him mural. His uncle got him. We gonna do that to the white folk. Why we always gotta do it to us blacks all the time Like I'm sick and tired of this shit man if the motherfucker can baw damnit he can baw just like my other shit when they come to these women, these women always hollering. I don't do that drama shit. Them be the same motherfucker with two and three baby daddies God damn love toxic relationship. Got a home girl got got a home girl named Keisha. You don't do nothing but fussing. Fight at Applebee's.


I hate them kind of motherfucking women. Talking about they gonna do drama and got restraining ho on everybody and her motherfucking family. But you gonna to do drama though ho you liar. I know what you kind too be capping. I don't be doing, I don't. I'm chill. I'm chill. I'm out to myself as soon you goddamn put that meat up in the motherfucker now I got crazy all of a sudden riding by your house each and every day. Call in. I thought you was at work bitch You know I ain't work. You know I ain't work. I ain't got no job. Hell you riding through him though. 30 minutes later you got a little chain for some gas money. Hell no because if you run outta gas, I pray to God that motherfucker don't crank no more.


Gotta be some changes women. Another thing I hate when these women do, if you just be honest with me and tell me the truth and I I ain't gonna get mad And soon as you tell them hoes you cheating them ho fussing and crying and shit. Now ho pick a struggle. Pick a struggle. Not finna be going through that shit with you never sick of the bullshit. I'm sick of y'all coming back on here crying to me about the tanking roast fight at the end of the day. It wasn't nothing but a motherfucking draw and that's just what it was. Damn. Tell him run it back and whoever win that one there ain't gonna be no excuses This damn on time trying to get that damn fight disqualified.


Y'all just trying to give Roach that damn fight. Never nigga you got to earn it. You got to take it. He ain't do it. He ain't do it. The four re max. Re max it. I bet y'all watch it. I bet y'all tune in. You say y'all not but you a damn lie. Let Jte come out and Rose say it finna be a part too. Y'all motherfuckers can't wait to watch because that first fight was a good and fight do technique Calvin back. You damn right. He better get because God Lamar Roach ain't bullshitting.


I ain't know Lamar Ro I'm in Lamar. South Africa could fight like that. I found that last yesterday. I I got nothing but respect for that young man. Got a chin on him every time Tank popped me, popped him back. Come on goddamn tank. He more so head. He came back with a short. Right. God tanked like he got hit by six walks. Come here I got grease Ain't do damn grease. That what? That red gross. How y'all feeling today man it's Wednesday man. Wednesday man feeling good is the afternoon man them kids will be home in a little bit Godda So if you, if you at home with your old lady or your girl God you better go and get in.


You better go on motherfucking get it in while you can't goddamn them kids. Come on. You ain't getting no but lemme tell you something. Just what you better be using right here. Gotta be careful when you use it too. God damn right. You got to use that motherfucker around 1 33, 1 32 1 31 ain't gonna work. 1 33 if you take this motherfucker right here you drink you about two two glasses of water behind it. God Bob you a good sweet God Damnit. Tell 'em come here, come here. You know how they like to play and shit boy God I gotta do all this. No you don't. You take them motherfucking clothes off and I mean now And don't you pick up that phone either the fight is on because God damnit temperature hot.


You think that goddamn earth fryer can fry shit fast. Shit I'm sitting down in dirty for them kids get here. Shit ain't bullshit mama. Call it. I ain't got time to your shit right now mama. I'm busy. Yeah hell I'm going under too and my name ain't plus a P but I'm going under come here you think I'm a fish? You think I got fish gi when I go out there I stay down there for 49 minutes too. Come here. I bet the neighbors know my name face looking ass boy come here instantly. I'm not bullshitting. I get it in every pill week if I can when I got these motherfucker right here and they good old weed and they red bull your hair's in trouble mama.


Oh yeah your ass in trouble. Went to the grocery store the other day. I done found me another cougar. Goddamn damn right and shit White come here got me a white woman now Cougar too. You damn right she was buy herself some ice cream, the low fat come on come here goddamn her name Jennifer for her name Jennifer and I can't wait to go over duh and help her with her garden shit. Yeah because You know I'm gonna hold like that con put it. I'm gonna put it on Jennifer. Oh she never had no black meat. She finna get it now we are talk.


She ain't never had no black meat. She ain't never had the season kind. Yeah she had some in college but she ain't never had the season chicken. Yeah she know nothing about this Popeye. Yeah she used to the K. See I'm finna give her I Popeye meat. Come on I'm gonna turn her ass everywhere. Look she been sending me pictures too. Oh. I'm not bullshitting you pil them pride. This ain't that kind of pil and pride chicken. You know this is Purdue. Come here baby come here. Oh you can make me laugh. I know. Don't make you do more than that too. When I come over there I'm not bullshitting when I come over there. One thing about them white women, they like to role play. She said Jerry how do you like for me to dress when you come over?


I said lemme think about it. Dress up like a nurse baby I'm the patient come on dress up like a nurse Jennifer. I'm the patient and You know I ain't got no insurance. He the baby come here, I'm put it on this white woman ass boy. I'm not bullshitting. I'm fucking show God Damnit I'm fucking show you God damnit what I what I'm working me and it ain't much straight hamster me but God damnit the way I whip this shit all up and up and down. God damnit. Yeah you think I got on my deal? Me come here I'm hitting them with the arm and I ain't wearing no car. No he down ass to


if you're watching this show right now then You know it being presented by prospects right down on below the right hand corner where I'm looking at tap in the promo code trash with the two agents baby you put $5 in, you get 50 instantly. Real talk you bett more or less on your favorite player. I've been going back and putting my pics on my Instagram on Bubble Dub 94. I've been going back and putting my pics in my storage so if you ain't been going there you better to go and and check and seeing what I put last night. Last night I think I won a little something. You know what I'm saying? I want, I want 50. I went much. But hey it's a win. A win is a win baby. So if you wanna win hit me up man. But I need each and every one of y'all that do like to gamble Gold prize pit type in my promo code trash with the two H's and God get down.


What you boy if you can't watch this show, if you can't watch it man go to Apple Podcast, go to Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show 'cause I need them downloads. Y'all listen to me y'all I need them downloads man. Type in The Bubba Dub Show and and and that man watch because ain't nobody doing it like how we do it over here on The Bubba Dub Show. Got some most surprises for y'all. I will be in Detroit this Friday at the little Caesar ringer. If you ain't already grabbed your tickets. Grab we a warns tour. Damnit we on the way, we on the way. I got any fans in Detroit. God damnit hit me up on Bubba Dub 94. Go to my dm, let me know if you are a fan. I might invite you backstage.


That's what I'm doing. I'm giving back. Y'all giving to me. God damnit, I'm gonna get right back to you then Saturday night I'm gonna be in Cleveland. Yeah, Cleveland, Ohio. Yeah, it's the first of the month. Wake up, wake up, wake up. It's the first of the month. Hey, any fans in Cleveland that's watching this show and you might wanna come out into the show. You and your girl hit me in my dm man I'm, I'm gonna fight you backstage man so you can kick it with me. Mike helps everybody else on tour. I'm gonna give you access to that. That's what I do. Y'all help me, I'm gonna help you. Then Sunday I'm gonna be in Fairfax, Virginia. Same thing I just said on the previous two cities. I'm gonna do it at that one too as well. That's what we doing over in the bubble dub. So we make dreams come true. I'm human.


You human. So if I invite you backstage, just be yourself. You gonna have to be all extra and trying to pull your phone out. Take a picture of everybody you gonna be able to take a picture with anybody you want to take a picture picture with. You can come back there, you can eat, You know you can do your thing. If you smoke, you smoke with your boy we gonna have a ball man. I don't just wanna enjoy this thing call life. I want other people to enjoy it with me as well. So that's my way of giving back to y'all. So like I say, if you going, if you in them cities and and you a big fan of me and my show, reach out man and I will do my best. You know I can't have everybody, I can't have a hundred my brother back there but I'll pick two or three people that I see that I feel a good vibe with connection with and we'll bring y'all back.


My team will bring y'all back there with me and we'll do the same thing I did for my homeboy side B up there in New York. It's all love on this end, on this bubble dub. So I'm just trying to do something different from the other people and what they are doing. So yeah man let's rock out. Anybody in the chat, any birthdays, talk to me. Anybody need prayer list like it just so it is all in one. This ain't just one sports show. Remember this show is everything. Whatever you need this show to be for you, it will be that for you because I'm gonna give you some motivation. I'm gonna talk shit. We going to cry, we going to love one another but when we leave this motherfucking show we going to leave this show better than what we ever was. That's all I'm saying. We gonna leave this show better than what we other were we ain't worried about nobody else is doing.


We only worried about us. That's it. Now your boss told you goddammit don't come to work late no more. Dammit don't come to work late. No damn no you ain't the boss yet. When you the boss you make the rules. But why you a worker that you gotta listen to the boss. So you men living with your woman right now and you ain't been working, you been laid off here nothing. You ain't making no money but your girl still there taking care of all the bills. Why you ain't running her bath water for this funk asshole? Why you ain't cooking for this ho? Why you ain't washing and doing the clothes for the whole why ain't helping the kid with their homework? Why you ain't washing the car? Why you ain't putting gas in? Why you ain't eating her? That's what I'm doing. No because it's a nigga out there that's waiting. If it ain't nigga it's a stud that we, we gotta be smart.


We ain't going back to mama house. Some of you nigga 45 and 50 your last resort to go back to mama. We ain't going to mama nigga we got we getting our own. We got our own houses, own calls and own condos and everything. We got our own. We real men, real men Bill, we don't kill you understand what I'm saying? Real men Bill, we don't kill, we protect our children, we protect anybody else. Children. That's that's where I come from. If I got my kids and your kids with my kids, your kids going eat what my kids eat. Ain't no difference. If my kids get a big juice ass cheese burger, your kid gonna get a big juice ass cheese burger. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other.


Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Let's be honest, most of us have a love hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift but hate the digging. We love the support but hate feeling trapped. Well Nix just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free flex 15. That's KNI x.com Code free flex 15 for 15% off knicks.com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through much 27 spring in for storewide deals. Earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks from Doritos, Cheez-Its and Pringles or Sweet Treats from Haagen-Dazs, kinder Bueno and Reese's plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father Mike Schmitz and of course yours. Truly we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose Maria Riva and I along with my buddy Chris Pratt will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day This lent stay prayed up and God bless you.


That's how we do it. If I take my kids shopping and your kids with me, my kids get shoes. Your kids getting shoes. That's how it is with me. Ain't nobody getting left out. Nobody having no hurt feelings. Nah baby. Not what Uncle Dub dub love. The kids might not do shit for you grownups but when they come to these damn kids, as long as I got it they gonna have it. Boy it's ice cream every day over him. I'm not bull popsicles every day. Damnit the kids is our youth. We got to respect it man. We gotta love the kid. We gotta raise 'em up, teach 'em right from wrong. Hey young man I see what you doing. We ain't doing that. We ain't selling no dope. We ain't robbing.


Pull your pants up nigga. We getting jobs when you 15 and 16 you get your driver's license, you get in the car, you getting into college, you starting your business, you getting your bank account, you start putting money in. Nigga we gotta start teaching now. Some of it ain't our fault because we all learn shit late. No did some of us learn shit late But while you learning it now you need to be applying it to your children or your nieces and nephews and letting them know this is where it's going to take to survive. A lot of us kids, a lot of these kids be wanting to be grown too fast. And we all know it's a crazy world like here, we all know when you become grown, bills come every motherfucking day, every month something is due phone, rent, car, whatever it is, something is due.


So we have to teach these children. Stop trying to grow up too fast. 'cause when you become an adult you on your own and that's what we doing now. But back to the show at hand, You know sometimes I get carried away with the talking and preaching and and all this and that but it's all for inspiration. It's all for for the better of good. I'm flawed. We all flawed. I ain't perfect, You know what I'm saying? But I try to do right by my people. You know Understand And that's the goal. Do right by your people man. Sometimes shit doesn't go the way you want it to go in life. Sometimes shit don't go right with your girl or your homeboy or your home. Sometimes shit don't go right but that gonna mean you become a bad person or you become better.


You learn from it and you grow, you move forward, you gonna look behind you no more. You move forward to bigger and better things. That's what I'm doing in my life. That's what y'all should be doing in your life. Some of y'all right now sitting at the crib watching me smoking and you smoking on some straight up bullshit. But you let this nigga lie to you and tell you get some pressure. That's okay. He got you this time. Next time he call and text you. Nah nigga nah you lie to me. You gonna spend your last 30 40 on this shit and this shit ain't smoking when you spend 30 40 on any kind of weed it to be smoking like a broke stove. You ain't gotta smoke four and five bru to get high.


That shit trash half of this motherfucker in half of it in your floating. You should feel like going and getting de chicken coop. I know you doing, you smoke some of my shit that this ain't trash. You feel like going and getting in de chicken coop and looking out that motherfucker. Why what you doing in that coop? They coming. Oh shit. Them we don't never know who them is but that's when you ever a mother fucking help. You ought to be feeling good now you are are alive. Some of y'all blood pressure up right now. You ain't been taking your medicine better take your goddamn damn medicine Henry. You better take your damn medicine. You got grandkids that you need to be here for.


You supposed to be throwing the football to little man. Man you supposed be playing baseball with little man man you want man. Man back out you want man. Man end up like his daddy. No goddamnit. You better get out there and hippie but first of all take your damn medicine. Lemme tell you. Histamine, rectory bad lace front, bad hip as ho something Start being honest with your us. Some of you hold 25, 28 got a histamine, ain't got no bottom in that motherfucker. Let no fool you ain't got no problem Got me riding home crying and this he feel big or not. No we not gonna do all that. You know one of them cop last night, one of 'em big mother. That's what I rung up in you. I'm not bullshitting you bitch.


You going feel your so I don't run it. Nigga gonna hit you in top of your head. Blue bitch my son two motherfucker gonna big as coaches make no goddamn sense. I'm just sorry y'all just getting a little crack white out to my people in Africa man. It's nothing but love to my people out there man. No all jokes aside man. I'm coming to Africa. I want a HIA burger. I'm not. No, no I'm not joking. Don't be laughing when I'm saying I want go to Africa. I want me a damn high burger. I'm just, that's what I want. I wanna go over there bad. I'm, I wanna go over there for a whole motherfucking month. I wanna learn the whole culture the way of living the way of life over in Africa.


I wanna go bad and I'm going to go Lord let me look. See I'm gonna go over there but I wanna high anger burger man. I do. I wanna see how y'all motherfucker survive over there. I ain't eating no snake though. I ain't eating no motherfucker snake. I want wildebeests. I god damn I want that too. I want, I want antelope. I eat that too. Yeah, I, I want, I wanna be around the real Africans that do all that shit with them darts and poison people. That them motherfucker, I won't be around right there. Yeah Mandela and them. Hell no, they too rich. I don't wanna be around. I wanna be around the poorest folks 'cause I'm poor. I wanna see how y'all live and survive because that's amazing how y'all live off a little and we got a whole lot but crying and fussing And Don ain't working with the shoes.


The sold out like we, we, we cry over different shit and y'all take the littlest things and love and and live. So I admire what y'all do over in Africa bro. I know everybody in Africa is not poor. That's just what the TV put. It's a motherfucker in Africa got billions. It's a beautiful thing going on over there and that's one of my goals on my bucket list to go to Africa and chop it up with y'all man. Maybe bring the, bring the bubble dove show to Africa man let's make that happen. Somebody over there, God damnit and, and wherever you at God let's make something happen. Shit. That's what we doing. Not to somebody say not to tea tree and eyes something motherfucker something.


We gotta do something These days. Y'all say I'm rocking the throwback prime time. You know what I'm talking about man. Yeah. Langer Falcons. Hopefully y'all have a good season, upcoming season this year man. I support our team man. You know I'm a cowboy fan till I die but You know I'm, I'm, I'm a support. I support our whole our teams man. So I know y'all be saying that man you had on this jersey and that jersey. Man shit it is my money. I can buy what I want. Why fuck I worry about what Jersey y'all got on man? Shit, I'm living life. You should live it too. Oh shit. You should live it too. What your man gonna buy a baby? But I learned something about certain men and homeboys or people they gonna be around. Some people are afraid of rejection. They're afraid to go holler at this female 'cause they're afraid of getting rejected man.


All she can tell you is yes or no fa that's how a lot of these females be making y'all feel like they outta y'all league them ho still borrowing money from they mamas. Did you hear what I just told you? A lot of these females on social media that y'all run into be making y'all men feel like they outta y'all league but them ho be borrowing money from they mama them ho got TT medicines in they jacket and she supposed to be the prize Now motherfuckers better wake up and I mean wake up. Wake up now I don't give a damn if that motherfucker super bad.


She's single Forres. She's single Forres fellas. I always remember that man. Remember that? Thank y'all for tuning into The Bubba Dub Show man. Real talk the trash of the day. You know it, it is going to no other than to the Los Angeles Lakers Hago that's out there right now that's tuning into this show just to get in the comment, just to talk shit. Just to tell us that we are not gonna make it out the first round. First it was the play in now we ain't making it out the first round. What? It's going be next Make up your mind. What is going to be next? I'm all ill, I'm all ears Now y'all said that the Los Angeles Lakers wasn't going to make the play in you said LeBron James need to retire.


You said bro, James don't need to be in the NBA. These you said Luca was done. That's the things y'all said you lied. That's huh you live. I ain't say we win championship. I'm just telling you we will get out the first round fam, we will be in the Western conference finals fam. That's all I'm telling y'all that. That's if we stay healthy, that's where they going, where they going. And if y'all are telling me OKC gonna be good team in the Western Congress finals to stop the Los Angeles Lakers, I'm telling you right now, you a damn lie. Now if you say Denver, kind of hard to argue, we got history with them, okay, see, stopping the Los Angeles Lakers from going to the NBA final.


Just not going to happen y'all. I'm sorry to tell you, but it's not going to happen. It is what it is. I seen what Max Crosby just signed a three year 106 deal with the Las Vegas Raiders. Riggers got plenty of money. We all know Tom Brady running that team over there so they decided to make sure they keep they league on defense over there. I like mass criers what he able to do, but the Raiders nigga, nigga quarterback, whether they get that in draft, I don't feel like they could find that through free agency or not. But Match Crosby's a hell of a football player over there. So I understood, I understand them bringing him back on a three year $106 million. Boy eating, boy eating man them Bo and rightfully so.


I like Match Crosby. So I guess breaking news in case y'all get know that he, he, You know, he gets, he gets read up with the Raiders. But once again, thank y'all for tuning into The Bubba Dub Show. Like I said, man, we the warns two me and Mike ips, Carlos Miller, all my other great comedians that's on there. I'll be in Detroit this Friday. So if I got any fan like I told you on go Bubba Dub 94 on IG and reach out to me. Let me know and I see what I can do to make it happen for y'all to come backstage and kick it with your boy. Peace. Blessings. I love y'all. See y'all. Y'all see y'all. Make sure y'all sure this shit? Sure this shit. Sure with your homeboy, your ho. Sure. This shit peace. I'm out The volume.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27. Spring in for store wide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks from Doritos, Cheez-Its and Pringles or Sweet Treats from Haagen-Dazs, kinder Bueno, and Reese's plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father, Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly, we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.