
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic.


Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. This message comes from green light. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Green Light, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real-time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Sign up for green light today@greenlight.com slash Iheart. Hey, who doesn't love bacon?


And? did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants.


On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp a pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


Everywhere you look, things are getting more expensive. So at Consumer Cellular we are lowering the price for those 50 and up. Now you can get unlimited talk text and data for $30 a line when you buy two. That's just $60 a month for two unlimited lines. So if you're 50 and up, make the switch and save. Come on, you've earned this. Call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com today requires two lines of service, age validation and credit approval subject to system and area limits taxes and other fees. Apply The. Volume In Man.


Friday morning y'all come on in. You see where I'm at man? I'm in the most at the hotel right now man. I'm on the road traveling, doing what I do, bringing laughter to the world. But today, before we even get this show started, go ahead and hit the like button right now. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button right now. Stop playing. You see how I'm coming? You just seen that we are, we are the ones who are coming. Me, Mike ips, Corey Holcomb, country Lane Mojo Brooks told that Robs little Carlos Miller mother. The fuck I made it mama. I made it Mama. From the trenches from the mud. Some of y'all watch me from the very, from the very beginning of my career where I started that man, some of y'all been with me all the way.


I wanna say thank you personally man. I finally got my foot in the door. They done. They done let the wrong one get they foot in the door. Now I'm not finna play no mothering games. I'm finna make Mack proud. Yeah, I'm make Mac proud. But before I even get the show out today on what the Jets did to the the Houston serve Texas, let's talk about before I even get to that, take it out. Let's talk about Young Thug. Young Thug is home now. Y'all. Your thug is free. Man, that plea 20 plea. I'm gonna be honest with y'all.


For me that ain't no motherfucking win. Y'all really think that man could do 15, 20 years straight without getting in, getting in trouble. No. For 15 years straight, y'all expect this man to walk a straight and narrow path. I don't see it. I don't see that happening man. See the laws, it's a setup man. Because any little old thing young thug do, any little old violation, they gonna sit in his ass right back. Now when he come home he now lose weight. Motherfucker Young Thug dug again.


But nevertheless, I'm happy that at home, I hope them two or three years that he did, he was able to sit down, get some rest, realize the things he was doing, realize the people that he had around him and make a change. That's what it's about When you go into jail and come home, it's about making the change for the best, not for the worst. 'cause it's a lot of people look up to Young Thug and you got to show 'em redemption. You got to show 'em that God not through with you yet. Yeah, no matter what you start, it's how you end. So I wanna say welcome back home fam. Get your family and first together. Get back in the studio. I don't know what you gonna rap about no motherfucking mo because you can't talk about guns and and gang violence.


Next shit nigga you might start doing gospel with Franklin the song and all the people that was on here on the internet Disrespecting gun Your old gun or apology. What's the first thing your thug did? Gimme the lawyer. I wanna be able to work with Gunner. Who? The same man y'all said was a snitch. Big thug you work with now you're quiet now y'all owe gun the last two or three years Gunner been out. All this albums has been fired and y'all know it. Gunner is Jay and I'm Young Thug. I don't blame him one bit. I don't wanna work with my artist, I don't wanna work with nobody else but come tell you the truth.


Now I got, they got the way. Let me get into that game last night. Did y'all see that catch from Gary Wilsons boy did the jump man on them texts. Look what's going on with the Houston Texas right now. I wanna know. I know Stefan Des is good but he ain't that damn good. What's going on with CJ Stout got sacked eight times last night. This don't look like the same Houston Texas team that that was five to one a couple of weeks ago. This this a total different team. The offensive lineman ain't blocking. If I'm CJ Strout, I'm having a damn meeting right now with my offensive line. I dunno what you motherfucker doing but you ain't doing what you supposed to be doing. Your technique off your tendencies off something going on in the film room where he opposing teams or seeing something in the offensive line and they attacking the eight sacks.


I know CJ starts on sold a motherfucker right now who used to serve Texas supposed to be in an elite. They supposed to be with the Kansas City Chiefs. The the Buffalo Bills right now. The Baltimore Ravens. The Pittsburgh Steelers. That's where Texas supposed to be. They lost the old ass Aaron RAs last night. They lost to the damn jets that damn. Hey Rod got off last night. Storm get out shaky. But like I say, it ain't how you start. It's always about how you finish ended over three touchdown last night. Devonte, Adam finally got a touchdown. Her hell, I heard he was on the phone with his agent trying to get outta New York.


That's just what I'm hearing. Let me say this right now. The New York jets are bugging than what they record are crazy as that might seem much as I came over here and dogged. Aaron Rogers been looking like Ger shit. He looked like Ger shit last night looked like a man that was fed up. Looked like a man, said you know what, even though I'm old I can still carry his team to a victory. And that's what they did last night. Gary Wilson. That's probably one of the best catches I can seen since old day be I'm just being up like hell come here if I'm a defender.


I don't even show up. I don't even show up to film today. I stay at the house. Y'all send me my notes on my iPad. I I I know what happened. It happened to me. Can't get no better than that from what I seen last night. Do I think the Jets got a chance to sneak back? I, I don't know how y'all feeling. Do y'all think the Jets can sneak back into the playoffs? I don't know. There's too many powerhouses teams right now. Like I say, you got Pittsburgh, you got Buffalos coming, you already got the Ravens, the Chief's undefeated Thetans maybe the jet slip in and edge. The Texas out right now with them. I guess the offensive line is hurt but that's no excuses.


It's a line of offensive line and hurt in the end field right now. The next man up. You got to get your troops together and go and play ball dco. Ryans second year head coach. I'm rooting for your brother but last night your office gave up eight sacks. That's unacceptable. That's motherfucking unacceptable right there. And the Houston, Texas don't even deserve a paycheck. They gonna need to be at Tri Burger no more. They gonna need to be down there laying at oyster hood no more. They gonna need to be at cow rolls no motherfucking mo. They need to be in the gym working out pushups, doing squats, incline they they need to be watching they they diet. That's what's going on with a lot of these players getting hurt. They ain't got good diet. Niggas eating chicken tenders.


Nigga hoes eat chicken tenders with honey mustard eat you a vertical nickel a fry. Let me get the chicken tenders boy you gonna get your ass up outta here with that and get you a real meal. Eat you a hungry man dinner. Hell I eat them right now. My girl don't cook. I'm hungry man. Dinner I'm roaming noodle. I do whatever they take to get me going. That's what you gotta do in the NFL. Do whatever it take to get going on this Sunday. My Dallas Cowboys going down there to the eighth. They going down there to the dirty and I'm gonna tell y'all something right now. The Dallas Cowboy will beat Kirk 30 s crazy as that sign.


But Dallas is not about to beat the Dallas Cowboy. I don't give a damn what you say. I'm taking all bets too and I'm not betting big money here. I bet it, I bet somebody right now $30 cowboy win. I'm not betting no hundred and two, $500 no more on them. Damn Cowboy it you crazy. That why I'm living in the hotel right now. I lost my house. I lost everything on them Damn cowboy. I'm not doing it for 20, $30. I bet you all damn day. And that's what I'm thinking what's going happen this Sunday. The Cowboys gonna finally find they run game yo. We gonna run cook run motherfucking cook Buffalo running they cook, they running their other brother run out.


How losing, I wanna come over here and be happy. I wanna come over here and talk shit. I ain't better do that in two or three damn weeks. And my pride is hurt. Yeah I been wearing everybody else jerseys. I'm gonna keep wearing them too. Ain't nothing wrong with running other people jersey. Ain't nothing wrong with that. I'm a wrong ass man. Y'all I can work without being well I'm still a cowboy at heart but my mind, my mind telling me no that's all I'm saying. Sometimes you gotta make changes. There's a lot of people around you right now ain't worth for damn but they around you. You gotta make changes. You gotta make decisions for the best, not for the worst.


Some of y'all right now got a little old piece of game on your side. She good. She fine. Her sex good but she ain't want for damn though. Your mama can't stand her. She don't like your mama. She disrespectful her house nasty. That ain't want your room. Damn. You want your woman who clean her house clean. She got some shit going for herself. She gonna stay in Miss. That's the kind of woman you want on your side. Man. You don't want none of these holes out here. Me. These holes ain't worth for. Damn these holes ain't thankful. These holes ain't grateful you can take these holes out to eat. These hoes don't even say grace these ho just get to digging in acting like puzzles. What's wrong with you bitch? What's wrong with you? How you gonna not give God grace?


I was hungry. I know you ain't said two motherfucking words to me on this date because you're too busy eating. You know what, this gonna be your last damn date. Well you crazy. I'm not crazy. You ain't got no respect. I am no hundred 50, $200 on this date. At least you can sit down and say Lord heavenly Father thank you for fool. You gonna say nothing. You just go digging right into the plate. Then you want to dig your nasty ass hand. Let me try this. Hold your better. Get your mothering hands back or nasty finger. Have now I guess watch you on the phone. Masturbate what yourself Now you wanna put your nasty fingers in my food N don't get that motherfucking good with me.


Yeah, I know you gave me a head and I kiss you right after. That's that's fine with me. I'm a freak like that ain't no freak like Diddy now but I'm a freak like that. Too much disrespect going on in the world ladies, gentlemen. And we got to stop the disrespect. We gotta stop it right now. Halloween was last night. I saw some shit that I didn't like and I'm gonna talk about it. I saw our very own DJ Envy dress. His daughter up as little Kim. I know y'all saw that. That shit that was fucking disgusting. Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on your kids spending with realtime notifications.


Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely and parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today@greenlight.com slash Iheart. TT Sports on true TV is here English bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold with Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on true TV With millions of books on Amazon.


There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits Looking for a career that challenges you in all the right ways. At CGI we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business here. You won't just solve problems, you'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life.


Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI is where you can have it all ready to level up your career. Visit cgi.com/women to start building the future you've always imagined. Well it's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch, no one can stop you for more.


Check out boas.com. Look old baby girl dressing up like Lil Kim. Go and look you up and see, see, see for yourself now See we these kids are growing up too fast y'all and it's a parent so it's our fault because we exposed 'em too much. The cell phones, they on YouTube every day. They seeing shit that we normally didn't really see growing up but they exposed to it now. So when your dollar 13 and 14 years old come up pregnant, don't get the wholing hollering. Oh God no Niggas you what kind of father is you.


Money ain't everything man. Because you can go and buy your kids everything. That don't mean you a fucking father. A father is sitting your dog down talking to her. Listen to me baby. Don't never be with a man like me because I'm, I'm gonna real this I ain't no damn good. Don't never be like no man like me way I treated your mama. Don't let no man treat you like that baby. Baby don't be dressing like that. You trying to. You trying to be grown too motherfucking fast and that's your father. I'm gonna put something on your ass brother. I'm gonna give a damn about going jail for discipline. My children, I go to jail. I ain't finna beat them and hurt them and all this. Put something on their ass. They gonna right wrong. They gonna know they not Finn be that skippy ass shit around me.


I don't care what your classmates doing, you won't do it. Not with my goddamn money. You ain't y'all seen play a club when Diamond told her daddy I'm going to spell what is daddy. What her daddy say? Not with my money. Hell no. You gonna go where I say you go. Therefore shut up. Don't look at me, don't talk to me. I tell you what, you better go and get out my face before you get swollen. That's how you gotta talk to your kid. You parent too busy trying to be your kid friend for friends. I'm your boss and you mothers. I trying to be your dog a friend. You a mother. Yeah. Get because your mama wasn't worth for damn. Don't mean you can't be worth a damn damn.


It's up to us to be legals for our children. That's all I'm saying. Nah, everybody's not perfect. I'm not perfect. I can't tell people how to raise their kids. Not my job. I'm just calling about what I saw a young beautiful young lady dressed up as little Kim in some Skippy shit. I didn't like it. I'm gonna talk about it. I'm gonna call it. I like it either. I don't give a damn DJ envy secrets or her. I don't give a damn his. Your ass can get mad. All he. I don't give a damn And I like my chances just envy too with the hands too. I like my chance even though I can't fight shit, I had every face red allegedly.


But how y'all feeling about what I'm saying to you all about these women are dressing their dogg as a certain way at a certain age. In this time and age that we living in, we living in a time and age where men, men are in prison right now behind they perverted ways. Same way with the r Kelly situation. Man them parents put those children in his vicinity. If you gonna take your daughter around amongst them, they can't be victimized. That's all I'm saying. If you know this man or somebody acting a certain way, don't bring your children around them. Just like me when I smoke, I smoke gas.


When I pull up and y'all smoking, I don't want what y'all smoking I what I got no offense. You might have some gas. You might but I don't know what you done put in that brunt. I wasn't there to watch you roll it up nigga I must smoke my own to myself. Can you hit it? No you not. Putting your bumpy as lips on my bru fam I family or not. You not putting your bumpy lips on my brunt. No I know about you. You nasty me eating booty on Sunday nights. No, we got to be more careful about what we doing.


It's okay to tell people no sometimes it's okay. Hey fa you want to drink this? Nah, I'm good man. I'm chilling. It ain't that you don't want to drink. You just don't know. You done seen them put they mind on that bottle a hundred times. Now you want to get the bottle and pull it in a glass. No I'm good. I drink when I get home. Y'all going out getting drunk, getting in cars. What kind of friend is you? Some of you letting your friends go out and get drunk. Get in the car and drive home. You not kind of no friend. A real friend gonna take the keys. A real friend gonna call an Uber or a real friend that hasn't been drinking gonna drive them whoever it is home then when they do and go and get killed in the car, wish them.


I don't wanna hear that bullshit. I and another thing when black people die, man I just talked to him nigga. That was two months ago. The phone log said you talked to him two months ago. How the hell you just talked to somebody two months ago? We gotta stop on all this lying and carrying on. We doing man we got to do better and we will do better yesterday. Don't matter. It's all about today. I didn't have $30 yesterday to give you baby but I got $30 a day if you could. So happy to bring your ass over him before, before you come wash your ass.


Come on over and get this hot 30. Put 15 in the tank. I got a 3.5 on deck. Shit we can enjoy ourself. It don't take a whole lot of money to enjoy yourself these day. All you need is 34, 50, 30 Ain't gonna do nothing for me. I got kids. You better take those motherfucker down McDonald's get 'em something off the dollar menu. They ain't gonna add up to buy $14 a a a full meal. You ain't gotta take your kids out for no damn crab legs and and all that other shit. Hell you didn't grow up on it. Your kids ain't got to grow up on it either. This bread will keep a poor man feed.


That's all you need some fish and some bread. We doing too much man. We gotta slow down. Slow up. Slow your roll man. Slow your roll. That's all I'm saying. Mme last night lost to the rockets. Luther got one of them haircuts like he from south down. Oh Dallas Don wrong off on Luther. That motherfucker got a haircut like he from south Dallas. Kyrie bullshitting not diving on the floor for the balls. I don't know what the hell went on with the rock meet Mme last night with that Jalen Green not Yeah the one with drill. The one that was dry humping his homeboy. That Jalen Green Bow. We forgot about you green dry humping your own boy.


What they do? That wrong ass man in her dry humping another guy Stop. But y'all, y'all y'all allow me shit to go on though and y'all know what I'm saying? Y'all allow certain behaviors to go on. We be seeing certain behaviors from certain people for years. But We don say shit though. We gloss over. Oh man they be now. Oh it's all good. Nah they ain't got all motherfucking good man. It ain't ain't us black people. We ain't the only one that's doing freaky shit. He ain't the only mother doing freaky shit. White freaky shit too with them Cha and Gogos and Mano.


There's some Indians doing some freaky shit. Some Pakistanis. There's some bullshit going on and I wanna know where the hell is Alga. Alva at what Taliban at? Ever since TikTok came out we ain't heard nothing about Taliban. No damn mo. Somebody lying to me, TikTok ain't in Taliban. Oh we ain't passing shit. We've been fooled. We've been bamboozled and I won't be lied to no motherfucking mo. I'm not letting nobody lie to me no more. I'm not letting my girls lie to me no more telling me her no home. Girls going out for girls night out when she going right down there to the room and getting so deep she getting the kind of deep that she feeling in her chest.


And boy I'm hurt. You know how I feel for your woman to tell you that. Oh boy. She's sleeping with his meat hitting her in her chins. Do you know how that make you feel as a motherfucking man? But I went to church with my mama this past Sunday. I sit right up there on, I was on the third row with my mama. She was holding my hand. I was crying like a motherfucker. They thought I was crying 'cause I was back in the house of the Lord. I was happy for that too but I was, I was just, I was crying 'cause I was hurt. You women, y'all, y'all, y'all ain't got no respect man. My my girl looked me dead in my eyes and told me that man me is touching her soul and ain't nothing I could do about it.


It is time for me to pack my shit and go, Lord knows I wanna do something to that guy but I'm too player for that. I got to check her. I can't check him. You understand? I really wanna do something to him. I really do. 'cause he ain't have no business making love of my girl like that. He ain't, he ain't, he ain't have to do it like that. Y'all like I don't know how some of y'all deal with it but I'm gonna deal with it the real way. I ain't going to pull no gun. I ain't going to throw hands 'cause I can't throw hands. I'm just going to fade, fade, fade out, fade out the way. Let him and her do what they do.


You know what I'm saying? She always says she want a man of the house now you got it. You always say you want somebody to tickle your fancy now you got it now you got it now he might be beating your ass. And I know he had because you know what I'm saying? She had some marks on him and you know what I'm saying And it didn't come from me so run off. It didn't come from me, came from my boy. It ain't come from me. So don't get the notion that I ain't touch the sister 'cause I ain't touched, I don't, I don't, I don't do domestic violence. I never, I don't play no games man. We gotta start treating our women with respect man.


Sadag out here man. It really is man. Lakers got the raptors tonight. I'm feeling real good. We got beat by Cleveland another night but I feel like the Lakers gonna go down there and beat the raptors tonight in Toronto. That guess what I'm feeling right now. The offense, the offense gotta go through ad the offense gotta go through ad and ruen. LeBron. You get your points. You be, you ought be the third wheel but gold dust looking ass DeAngelo Russell got to come on with now you keep talking about you don't wanna hear nothing about trade rumors and what they doing to you but it's your plate. It's your plate. Same way on your job.


Some of y'all complaining about you ain't getting no raise. It's your work ethic. You lazy Knix you lazy, bad attitude. You don't wanna train the new people when they come in but you wanna raise Knix, you can raise your ass up outta him. Y'all know I ain't lying to me. You new, new people go get any new job. The old school be on the job man. They gonna be wanting to train you don't. Mm yeah you won't be here long. I know I ain't 'cause you ain't gonna do nothing but lie and do everything else to get me up outta him. But I'm gonna beat you to the punch though Ralph. I'm gonna tell them when you go on break, you're popping pills nigga coming back, spaced out moving a thousand miles an hour.


Nigga don't do who move a thousand miles an hour after lunch break make it make sick. Niggas is lazy after they eat this nigga moving like a mis shit nigga on, nigga on them thirties. If you don't think I was gonna going up to the supervisor and pointing out you a damn liar bro. Your camera back. Look how he was walking two hours ago. Tired, lazy. Doing doing what? He know I'm do don't never wanna do nothing. How all of a sudden he going break for a hour come back re juvenile ripping them shit. He on something. You think I know why? You know I'm the one gave the pills sir.


I'm the one gave the pills sir. Yeah. You think I won't tell it on you a damn lie. Ain smiling, ringing in your face too. That's me. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm the coworker from here. I'll ruin your motherfuck day. I'll get you fired and call your old lady before you call him. We had to let Curtis go. What happened on that shit? What shit? The pills don't let him lie. He gonna come home and lie. Say they fired him for no reason. He lying boy that door he been coming home with attitudes lately. Yo. He on that shit. He couple bills ain't been paid. Yep he on that shit. Your money, he spending his money on drugs.


I hate to be the one to tell you bad news. No I'm not. I love calling telling people bad news. I love that shit. Yeah where I'm from. Bad news will beat your ass on to all my people watching this show. Thank you. If you watching right now, you should already gonna hit the like button. Should done hit the subscribe button. This is what we do on the bubble do show we talk sports, we talk facts, we talk the truth. If I done, if I done said something on here and I was wrong, I apologize. Last week I talked about eight Ryan, I can't talk back about him today. I gave his props he ball out last night. But can you do it again Knix?


Yeah can can history pick itself? Can you do it again? It's the question I want to know. Just not tuning in. Big thug, young Thug. He home now. Yeah, he home now. Yeah. Can he buckle a straight path? Fuck all that can some of us because some of us, not me, thank God, but some of us are watching this show on probation. The parole officer already told you got one more time and your ass going back but you steady doing dumb shit. You steady smoking, you steady hanging with the wrong crowd. Get your shit together man.


Get your shit together 'cause tomorrow ain't promised. So whatever you going to do, you better go and do it. Now if you got people around you that's that's fucking up give away from start hanging around some squirrels. Ain't nothing wrong with hanging around squirrels because your squirrels just living. I done become a squirrel. I done change. I ain't gonna lie and change a little bit. Y'all ain't got a little money now and god dammit it's certain places I'm not going no more. There's certain people I'm not talking to no more. There's certain people I don't want around me no more. Shit. I'm just being honest with you now. When you see me out, I'm still gonna holler at you love and w all this and that, all that before me coming back to the traps hanging out.


I do it. Oh I do it virtually before me being not doing that shit for what? Who I got, what I got kids who I'm trying to prove to that I'm a cool guy and all that. I'm I I been cool selling dope. Don't make you cool. Shoot guns don't make you cool. Nah shit that make you a fool if you doing it for the wrong reasons. I wanna do shit for the right reason. I wanna reach out and help people in my community. That's what I'm working on. That's what I wanna do. I want better reach my hand out to my brother whether I know him, if I don't know him and bring them up. That's what I want to do.


That's what I'm working on. Y'all work on what y'all wanna work on but sometimes we often judge and criticize people that's become millionaires and oh man they gonna help people. You gonna know who they helped out just because they not helping your funky ass don't mean they not helping people. I'm living it. I'm a witness of it man. So many people now, man dude man I ain't rich. I'm rich in spirit. I'm gonna work till I get rich and I don't wanna be rich, I wanna be wealthy and I want my health to be wealthy too as well man. But we gotta stop judging and criticizing people. Oh man man, them people don't even be healthy people man. You don't know.


The more money you make, the more problems family. I'm telling you that right now. I hang around people who got real money. I hang around Floyd real money life change money and all he all, every day somebody ask him more this more that. And the minute he tell them no, he a whole ass nigga telling you the truth. I can sit there and watch this man phone man like and I ain't talking about no 500. I'm talking about people want 30 and 40, $50,000 and if they don't get it, they it's evil man. So sometimes we got to be careful what we ask God what we, what we pray to God about God.


Just pray one day I can become rich. He might, he bless you to become rich. But what you gonna do with it when you become rich or you going do dumb foolish things like some of us do or you gonna do right with your money, put your money up, invest it for your family or go out and create jobs for other people. Like it's ways, it's ways to do right with your money. Man, money easy to get but it's hard to keep. You understand what I'm saying to you? Money easy to get but it's hard to keep because you like things when you ain't never had things you want to go out and get and get those things you like the feeling that it brings. How man I got go New chains.


You know what I'm saying? Woo. I'm gonna go buy a hundred pair. TNT Sports on Tru TV is here and it's bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games in events from N-H-L-M-L-B-U, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam room with EJ and Chuck ing above the fold with Jamille Hill. TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night. Starring is 6:00 PM Eastern on true TV With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies.


Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile. From HAHA to to Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits Looking for a career that challenges you in all the right ways. At CGI we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business here. You won't just solve problems, you'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life. Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI is where you can have it all ready to level up your career.


Visit cgi.com/women to start building the future. You've always imagined What's pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have a good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com. You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network.


And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required. I been not done that. So I'm telling you from experience, sometimes they say experience is the best teacher. It don't have to be. Sometimes you can look at other people fuck up and be like, I'm not going that route. That's what you got to do There be plenty of time. I can go out here and go to these NAS restaurants and eat.


I telling my girl, make me a hamburger steak patty at the house. I got an old soul. Make me a hamburger steak patty. I wanna go eat now. Put my money hamburger steak Patty be tell me I'm get that hamburger steak patty, get that ground meat. Get they onion. Smooshy up. Real go. Mm up teach how to cook. Get that gravy and put it in them. Mm real cool. Get you two pieces. Light bread, go to work, Hamburg a steak back, come here. I done save a hundred dollars. Do you? I didn't save a hundred dollars. They say okay you get the house, you ain't got the eat out every motherfucking day.


You ain't got to go buy clothes and shoes every motherfucking day. You ain't gotta do all that. Save that paper while we got too many athletes and people going broke 30 for 30 people who make $150 million out to my partner and Walker went broke. One 80 million gone behind hoes bad investments. What we do laugh at my man grew 180 million. It can happen to you. Got the wrong people managing your money. It can happen to you. See I'm in my teaching mode today. It can happen to anybody. Just because you up today on mean you can't be down tomorrow.


See I don't like hanging around people who, who up and and wanna look down on others 'cause they ain't got it. Nah, we don't do that because one day you could be down the next day you up. Never forget what goes up. Must comes down. Why I stay even keel. I stay neutral man. When God bless me. Thank you Heavenly Father. Without you, I wouldn't have none of this shit I got here today. Thank you so much. But don't just thank me and don't, I don't wanna have a selfish prayer. I pray for each and everybody that's rocking with me. I pray that everybody have successful days. I pray that everybody can reach the goals that they wanna reach them. The kind of prayers that Bubba do pray I don't just pray for me. I pray for everybody man. I really do because that's, that's, that's how my mama raised me.


Man in in my heart. I don't never wanna be the only one in my group or family got money or doing good. I wanna see everybody else out there doing good. Anybody else that watching my show got a podcast. I hope your shit blow through the moon, blow through Mars. I hope you come up with some shit that Elon Musk at your door knocking and ruin your ideas. That's the kind of prayers that I pray man. We live in a crooked world, man. There's so many people mad jealous that I am who I am. But for the real people that know me, man, I work my ass off to get where I'm at and I'm steady working every day. I gotta continue to prove myself each and every mother fucking day because somebody don't think I'm funny. Somebody don't think I belong but damnit somebody do.


I wouldn't be here if I was somebody. Somebody believe in you right now. Watch somebody believe in you, but it's your girl. Well it's your patterny. Whatever it is. Somebody believe in you never forget that shit man. Never forget that. Never let what people tell you dictate you man I wouldn't do this or I wouldn't do that. Well them people ain't never been in that position to do it before. I had so many people come up to me, Doug, hey man, I would do it this way nigga. You ain't never had no way to do nothing. I'm talking about nothing. I made something I made. I came from nothing to something and I still feel like I ain't nothing.


I'm just a human being just like everybody else that's trying to make it in this world. Still trying to find my way. Still trying to get better as a person, as a father, as a cousin, as a homeboy, as a uncle. I'm trying to get better each and every day. That's why I con consistently keep pouring my efforts into this podcast. Spreading the word about my knowledge of the game and sports and not just sports, just life. See lot of other other platforms, they don't have no substance. They gonna come over here and tell you about all the bad. They gonna tell you about none of the good. They ain't gonna tell you how they went from A to Z 'cause they gonna want you to know how they got this and that. I don't mind sharing this shit.


People ask me every day, man bro, what it tape being consistent believing in you if you go, nobody ever believe in you. You got to believe in you being consistent man having a great spirit. People come around you like, man I love being around this person man, they they contagious man. I just love this aura. That's what you gotta create a aura. Anytime people come around you, they just flopped to you. They just wanna be around a good person. That's what you gotta do man. And if you watching this show then you know this show being presented by Prize Fix. That's right. Going download the number one sports fantasy app right now. It's in the game. Use my promo code trash with the two H's first time users. You know you put the $5 in, you get 50 back instantly.


It's more or less on your favorite play playing. Favorite Knight LeBron playing. Got him Slate for 24 points more or less a he might got him having it for 12 rebounds more or less. That's it. It's easy to play Prospect baby. That's all you gotta do. And if you miss this line and you can't watch it 'cause you at work, but you can put your headphones like I got on and listen. Hey, all you gotta do is go to apple Podcast and Spotify, type in the bubble dub. So I'm encouraging everybody that's watching my show right now. Please go and subscribe to apple Podcast and Spotify for free. I need to get my audio up. Please, please do that. Please do that. They can help me more than y'all will ever know man.


I'm really trying to elevate this show to the next level. That's my vision, that's my goal. And I won't stop till I do it either I won't stop. Only thing I'm gonna stop doing is believing in them Motherfucking cowboys. You can pick that. I don't believe in them no more. The owner don't even believe in if the owner don't believe them, why should I believe them? Somebody hit me up. You betting big money on no Cowboy this week. Hell no. I just told you. 20 to $30 far as this going. Not betting no damn big money on the cowboy like that because when I do now I wanna answer my phone. Now people calling me and they want they damn money and I don't got it.


I was cat, I ain't got no damn $1,500 I a captain fat. Them people ain't trying to do that though. They want they money so when they see me they gonna wanna do something to me. So when they do see me, I got the police with me. Now do what you say you gonna do in front of them police? Yeah, that same image. That's all I'm saying. Trash other day going to DJ Vy, family trash dressing that girl up like that ain't nothing. She ain't nothing. Ain't nothing about that shit.


Got the, which my daughter would wanna come in here and make the stallion with your lying ass hall. Love you and I still me some of it too. I'm not bullshitting Megan. I want some but you lie. Lie to gay King. Hot coffee breast milking ass. I ain't never slept with Tory Lying. You know that man got it. His her piece fell off when he was hitting you from the back and you know it Tory, her piece fell out when he were hitting your ass. I love Megan. She's from Texas. One from I love you baby. But that line got to stop now you got people thinking you lied about this shooting and that ain't what you want.


You want people going out buying your records, not debating Or. if you a fucking liar, that ain't what you want. And I don't want hear that. I was young and I was scared. You know what you were doing. I forgive you. Bring your ass to me. Come here. Come come here. You can't write down there. Houston didn't holler at me. You know I live in Houston. Bring your ass to me. You can lie. You can talk to me all you can lie to me all you want. Lie to me. I change your mother. Them world Megan Thee stallion. That's on Big God. That's on Big God.


Y'all enjoy y'all weekend, man. Be safe out there. You got kids, you ain't been ready to deal with 'em. Deal with 'em this weekend. Take 'em out to park, take 'em to the movies or something. Let your kids know you love them man. Let your loved ones you. Let 'em know you love. Could be your last day here. You never know. Stop taking this life for granted. Some of y'all out here tonight going on a date, first time going on a date with this chick and she asking you what you want to do. Be real woman, be one. Vulnerable her. I'm so pass. That's my time piece. I'm out. The Volume, TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More.


There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold with Jamil Hill, t and t Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv. Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances and with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor.


This is not an offered by your sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome. Oh man, nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chew right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side. Use as directed. Looking For a career that challenges you in all the right ways.


At CGI, we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business here. You won't just solve problems. You'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life. Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI is where you can have it all ready to level up your career. Visit cgi.com/women to start building the future you've always imagined. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you.


You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out bs.com.