
How crispy are the new Deli Mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's See. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli Mix. Crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If. you hate loud crunching. you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy Like. barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If, this crispiness is making you hungry. Get to your closest grocery store for Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Black Friday football on Prime is back. This week the Raiders and the Chiefs Unbelievable. Catch An old school rivalry for a new game day stream for free. Only on prime. Great move. Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday Football for details.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order and that makes us Facet For life. Now I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current FT members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of Casino style games that You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So Sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The. Volume. What it do? What it do everybody? Yeah, I'm here. I I know some of y'all can think I was gonna go lie tonight but you lie. I'm here. So go ahead and hit the like button right now. Why you here? Go and hit the like button. Go hit the subscribe button right now. You better got, hopefully you got your notifications on. Yeah and just in case I might drop, drop or something. You you, you'll get a notification. Ain't do going live. You ain't gonna know if your notifications ain't on now. No half of y'all already sleepy. But thank you for coming in tonight. Checking in with you.


Boy, the pinch bird stealer just lost to the Cleveland Dooo Brown and I don't understand it. I just don't but I got to give credit. What credit do crab lay for everybody in Cleveland Night? Them bone thug and Harmony. Harmony singing mother play by all the night. And that's what I want. Talk to y'all about. Why Cleveland playing so motherfucking hard? They not going no damn well. The roads in Cleveland is terrible since the Cleveland Browns ain't going nowhere. And you got plenty of time on your hand. The city of Cleveland should hire the Cleveland Browns to fix them badass roads up there in Cleveland.


All they do it slow. What the hell y'all playing? So for Cleveland the season is over. You doing, you gonna do something You shoulda have done it early. Look it Thanksgiving, y'all locked up. Look, get y'all known Cleveland wasn't slid slipping to nothing in that damn snow. Only Pittsburgh. I don't. Only Russell Wilson. I wasn't see Arrows at that damn game. I bet y'all wouldn't have lost. I don't know what's going on with you CC but you need to get back to humping to give up pregnant or something. That's when you play the best ci.


I don't know where you at but you need to get on your JOB. You talk about you like the way I ride shit. Do something because them boys just lost the crab leg Winston in the snow and he already can't see how you lose to a blind quarterback. I wanna know how you lose to a blind quarterback. He stayed on to the opposite team. Y'all can't beat them. Couldn't even run the ball that good tonight. I know the weather. I get it. I'm just on here bull crap. I get it. Snow woo snow. It's snow in Pittsburgh all the damn time. But now y'all in Cleveland nigga snow you can't win.


Y'all was angry too. Y'all coulda put y'all foot on they neck in the a c you could have let Buffalo know we here you could have let the cheating referee Kansas City Chiefs know we here. You could have let the ravens know we here but you didn't. These are the game that the clea that these are the games that the Pittsburgh Steelers, they gotta win these game. I understand y'all want to keep putting Justin Fields in leave that mother or yet messing up the messing up the messing up the chemistry trying to run them damn gadget plays. Shoulda ran him when he was starting.


Let Russell do what Russell do. Russell you holding the ball a little too long in that motherfucking pocket. Boy you got explosive five cracker leg miles. Gary on the side of you, you ain't got for two seconds. You back there like you pay many when Mississippi two Mississippi, I'm I'm motherfucker. You ain't got that type of time. That offensive line is struggling with Miles. Gary you back there in the pocket like you got all day nigga you gonna throw this ball, make a move. And why you players ain't got on no long sleeves? Are thermal just out there playing sleeveless shit, I know them niggas going have covid tomorrow.


I don't give a damn what y'all say? Anybody that's out there in 30 degree weather widen with nothing on their arm is a is a cycle y'all No after I get like it ain't nothing shit. I need thermal quilts, blankets, the heating pad, all that shit act up for me. I just don't understand this shit now Russell Wilson was 21 for twenty eight, two hundred and seventy yards. James Brian wins 18 for 27. 219 pass you one interception. Do you hear me? No touchdown.


But they still found a way to win the game. The MVP going to the kiker going to the damn kiker. Jeez that's what chip one. Y'all gonna never think about it. You gotta have a good ass keel on your team. Sometimes you ain't gonna be to score touchdown Dallas Cowboys sometimes it's all about field position. As long as You can get in field go ranges. As long as you got a field go kicker that can put the ball between the mother thing. That's all you doing the goal pole. That's all you need. That's what the Cleveland Brown got. But the question tonight of your game, why in the hell Cleveland Brown playing so damn hard?


They not going no damn well somebody for me, I don't even know personally why they playing so damn hard. And what is the game playing fucker Steeler Pick is the only person on the team Russell can throw too. Van Jefferson was open. Why y'all ain't keep going to him? You got Mike Williams. Why y'all, why y'all ain't spreading the damn v around? Y'all better than that now I don't wanna take nothing from the boo boo browns. I don't but it ain't no way they sugar won this game tonight. I'm just say ain't no way the damn fans didn't even only reason the fans came because it was snowing.


They were bored up there in Cleveland. Ain't shit doing Cleveland. I love Cleveland but ain't shit doing Cleveland. They rather go out there and play in the snow. That's the only reason why they was at that game because it would go snow. Everybody know when it snow white people had them Bo most fun ever see white people back outside again baby. See they was indoors now they back outside stickers on back of their truck Magar. That's all you see on back of your big ass Ford and and Dodge truck is mag sign and no white boys ain't bullshitting either. Hell they got the big rifle on the back of the truck too. You you roll, you roll, you roll, you roll up past if you want to and roll down your window say something to them right next. You want to where your ass in Trump White bubble so big the early I seen a white man so big early in the store.


I bought his ass some Copa Copenhagen school shit. Oh I got it. Don't even worry about it. You sure? Hell yeah. You know I mean you won't bog my whole role. I'm not messing with these white boys right now. Trump off. Shit. I on my best behavior I'm gonna scheduling them rednecks right now then I am the police. See I take my chances with the police then them damn rednecks right now. They didn't mean business but for the back to the NFL go back for the Pittsburgh steels. I thought this could have been another step in the positive direction. I don't really know what they can take outta this the night other this division the opponent. But they took a step back this week.


Just being honest. You gotta beat Cleveland man. You gotta beat Cleveland and and get rested up. You have you know an extra two days of rest and now a whole week. But don't even play this week. Yeah y'all, y'all, y'all could have been out to Monday but now you gotta go right back in the now you now now commonly gonna have you coming in the weekend. I don't understand that. I don't, somebody explained to me how eight and two team lose to a two and 18. Somebody explained that shit to me and they losing to a backup quarterback. They losing to a team. They ain't got no motherfucking hope. No hope ain't no hope. We cleaver none.


Only thing Cleveland got going right now is the Cavalier and that shit going to die by April. Spider-Man my I love Spider but by April in May that shit dead. Give a damn how many games they win in the regular city. They ain't gonna win a ship. Never disappointed in Pittsburgh. I'm disappointed in Russell Wilson. Bam you got miles Jared over there. Your offensive line. You can't hold him. You already got the chip blocking, you know what I'm saying? You gotta get rid of the ball dog being the league 12, 13 years.


Come on somebody wake you up, snap out. It ain't nobody doing that. It's cold. It's all good. You know what I'm saying? It's all good Doug. We lost man. It is what it is. It ain't all good man. It ain't, it ain't. You gotta win every game. You can you trying to get you trying to get, you trying to get do better.


Give a damn what? Dallas rookie. I ain't no cowboy fan. I keep telling y'all all that. I am not no Dallas Cowboy fan. I'm I'm, I'm a Bills fan right now. We Buffalo damnit we win so I hate y'all throwing, I don't give a damn. I a fine who in the club just walking right past all the hate. I don't hear nothing y'all saying to me. No damn all how many teams you got? How many in the hell I want? Hell damn right. Y'all can't tell me how many teams I can, I can I can support. I support who I want support. Damn y'all gonna be mad when I come out here in the Denver Bronco jersey too. Come here Bo Nicks I, I see what's going on with that Denver.


I still think Sean Peyton look like that man played on grumpy old man. I think he passed away man. Him rest in peace but yeah that's who Sean Payton face look like right now. That old man Mr. Wilson face John, Sean Peyton. Damn. Yeah I'm gonna be wild Bronco next. I just don't understand it y'all. I mean I know it's the NFL. Any team can be beat any given Sunday but a team like Cleveland you got to come out and stomp 'em early. Stomp the dog pound. I'm talking about stomp 'em but you gave him hope. Let 'em come out Score on you.


Hell I ain't, I ain't got nothing. Crab legs got confidence over there. He giving them damn speeches. Yeah, yeah. Guess how the good Lord give him. He'll take his Yeah that's how Jim, James, Brian Winston talking over they talking they bible talking over them. Yeah. Got a match. See I like about Winston man you gotta match his energy man. It's I gonna buy energy in the world man. Sometimes we be around people who got bad energy and, and and that shit rub off on you Uhuh get your bag energy ass away from me. I want somebody gonna be, look hell running around here trying to get it. Lemme tell y'all something I can figure out y'all, I can figure out about people.


I'm getting good at this shit too. Some time people that would call you like hey what you doing? And then they voice saying like you be like what's up? Hey I need to talk to you right quick. Tell them motherfuckers want borrow some money. I done figure 'em out when they call and do me like that. Hold on, hold on, hold on on lemme call you right back. Let me call you right back. It's a a big, it's some big people from Hollywood. I be lying like a motherfucker about to calling me for no damn Hollywood. I'm just getting off the phone with you because I know your ass about to big and I ain't got nothing for you days. I don y'all Thanksgiving don't add me for no fucking money. I'm gonna give a damn who's sick.


King broke all that. I don't give a damn. I'm not giving you nothing. I know I don't. They putting y'all up to this shit. I don't call you fam and tell him you little short he going look out he going to shit. No I'm not. Y'all motherfucker looking out for me. When y'all were gonna catfish King every night, fish salad, big Dr. Pepper. Y'all motherfucker calling me every I was eating even though I was eating and and Beans. Beans eating soda beans I eating but y'all was out catfish. Excuse me.


Eating good shit. Payback. Payback now. Hey no so all that. Yeah y'all see y'all see you. Y'all wait y'all, y'all don get that call. Hey what you doing man? I'm Hey man can I holler you for a second? Hey hold on family let me call you right back. One of them agents from Hollywood College. Ah yeah you better get there big boom F for you know it blah. I'm not answering shit.


I'm wearing everybody jersey man. That's what I do. Shout out to Fanatics for this jersey. Man. I keep telling y'all man I fucking start giving y'all away some jerseys too but if you want some Jersey custom made go to Fanatics man. They got the best one that feel great. Some jerseys You can get Man that'd be all sticking to you and all this is like man it is great material man. Real talk Shout I out the fanatics for this. I'm gonna be giving something away to y'all real soon. I know y'all want some customized bubble ju jerseys. When we gonna come together we gonna put something together for y'all Real talk.


We going switching on we're gonna move to the NBA right now to my Lakers fans. You know what I'm saying? How y'all feel about do connect right now. Do y'all feel like do Connect is the missing piece for the Lakers. They can move the rookie into the story line up Lakers that look better now they got shooting nine 80. You got Broun, you got Austin Reeves, you got Connect, you got Cam Reds playing defense now. I feel like they can spread the court a little bit. One thing I I can say about Broun One thing I I can say whatever y'all want about bro. Goat not the goat, that's your opinion. But One thing about bro he going pass that motherfucking ball bro Gonna give you the ball.


I don't give a damn bro Gonna give it you look did with Jonesville, Mike Miller, Ray Allen Dang Green when he with the lake for that little short shit if you a shooter LeBron James going give you the ball and wait and wait a playing right now Mr. I want alcohol walking come some shit ain. He my MVP right now and he running down the court. He looking for the ball. That's what you want. I told start player bro I know you him but move nigga same way you moving your ass out social media for my why Move your ass out the way my team him I'm running this and what I say go junior but and that mean Brony Junior staying in the G League nigga until he get his shit together.


Ain't no difference during, during a rapper when they first started rapping the the executive they don't wanna put nothing. Not yet 'cause you ain't ready. You like the cookies let them break until they ready. So ad done one told G but bro ass ain't dig know bro. What to say? Something You can shut your motherfucking mouth. You hollering. You want one more ring. You it's going. It's gonna be with MEbA looking for excitement.


Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba. Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino do com btw group, no purchase necessary board prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


My fives Casino High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com I five Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void Book prohibited, play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com I five Casino.


Hey it's Lunchbox from the Bobby Bone Show and I'm here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your local Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback. There's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com Toyota let's go places.


So I'm liking what I'm seeing from the Lakers right now but we need another piece and I get it. How much help LeBron need the nigga? 55. Y'all Look 55 doing this after. To them youngsters, all I'm saying is this. Hey nigga, another big man rather is old boy fucker Pelicans or you got Dwight Hoer got there, you got Boogie Cousins. I mean god damn. Go and grab another body. That's all I'm saying. Go and grab another body. Moving Dlo to the bench was great. Can we move dlo? I hopefully we can.


Hopefully we can move him. Delo is not a bad player. Let me be on, let me be 100 on this show. I talk a lot of trash about Delo but he's not a bad player. He just not a good fit for what the Lakers are trying to do. He can go somewhere else and get off but he ain't gonna be getting off in LA like we already know. It's going through ag going through bro now it's going through the west side connection over there and you got Austin re over but he got white boy bawling. You understand that. Jerry West rolling this motherfucking grave right now. W with a smile on their face. Two white boy from getting off Jerry West that him and Dr. Bus up right there sipping we are back.


Shit. Gotta love it. Gotta respect it. But I do like Westside connection. What he bringing to the Los Angeles Lakers right now Man they're looking real damn good ad man. He ain't limping around like he normally do. That motherfucker normally be hurt. He jump not strongly be alienating but this shit so far man dude look great. I ain't got nothing to say about him. He been the MVP of the Lakers so far for me a but we already know what Bron doing at 39 years old. I don't know what that motherfucker on. I don't know if it Diet Pepsi. Diet coke diet. Man I don't give a damn. I want some of what bro on because the boy is aging like wine aging like wine out there.


That's what I need. I didn't mess myself up on Henessy all these years. Douce Don Julio and all was hundred packs and and all this other shit. I've been taking over years. This done took a toll on my body. My thing don't know when to get hard. I'm outta the church getting no hard. I'm at the wrong places getting no hard. Don't y'all hate that. I'm at church the other day and I, I hit a button on my phone. I hit 12 of them man. I'm old honking on 12. I'm in church looking at, I'm looking at 12. I was embarrassed like a man. That white girl had her es out. I was looking but I was in church. I said Lord forgive me for this. I I lord I hit the wrong button.


That's One thing you, that's one place you don't wanna be is is in church and Twitter. Come on. No girl will moaning into Woo Moan turned me on in church boy the heart raise on the back of my neck. I'm not bullshitting you. So you gotta be careful with your phone these days. Like unc, you know what I'm saying? He went live with me, said I was in church and hit the T Twitter button and my god silky on, popped up on come here silky. You go everybody else clean man I you a good time. Damn I put you in some good looking bad water too. Goddamn right. Coke nut with a little bit of baby oil come.


Not that shit did head that. All oil come here a rap shook you up like this in the steel jersey. Steel Kirkland steal Kirkland when I'm on them roast bars, that's how I meat be steel sometimes. Y'all kids be one follow in. Y'all follow footstep Steve Irwin boy you trying to be just like your father. I leave them motherfucking animals alone and towards end. I love you. You out here kissing 15 foot cobras. Shit. You gonna be with, you gonna be with the worms. B keep bullshit. You gonna be with the worms. We I heard kissing.


Oh god damn Cobra. You can see them y y'all don't see them people in the scrub. I be kissing up on pu up on the Cobra and shit raising their hand. You gotta watch they be raising their hand up and shit. Then they do something with their lip then they kiss their shit. They got Cobra one day. Good night goddamn good night. See when bad shit happens, that's when the white people wanna cut the camera. We ain't cut the camera goddamn damn day we gonna wash this shit. I'll wait till the very end two children open your eyes. Damn. Close your eyes here. Open your eyes. Why white people do that shit? People get attacked by ain't animal white people. Y'all grab y kids to hug 'em up. Let them watch this shit.


Let them watch it. They they just seen terrible before Billy. Shit. Billy won't watch. Billy wanna know what's going mama papa out on the in the railroad. What going on in that room Mama White boy? Shit white boy get a, they gonna, they'll do a steak out on mama shit. Mama sleeping with somebody else other than dad. Dad come home. She Johnny's going tell him got damn knife. You know they wasn't thing about that white man. They set traps for your ass too. Niggas can't set traps.


We fuck around falling our own trap. Not the white boy. Shit. White boy dangerous. Gotta be careful. I'm just, I'm just saying. I'm just telling y'all my story. What? What I've been going through and this and that. Another thing that been bothering me, black people stop calling people to help you move and when you give over help these niggas move. They ain't even packed yet. Got boxes that got deodorant on it but it's full of shoes. You don't know what put wood at. But you done call me. I need you to help me move and don't be the only person in your family with no truck either. I ain't finna work the shit out You. can you move me here? Can you move me there?


You got any gas money? No I get you on the third. Guess what? That's when your ass will move. My damn truck ain't moving until you put some gas in it want you to take them here. Can you take, I thought you said you want me to move you from A to B. You want me, you want to go Z and anywhere else but run over here right quick and I gotta get a free growth. Hell no not doing all that. I'm gonna one motherfucking spot after I put this shit on my truck. That's it. And when I'm done you better have my money. You better have that 75 like you said too. I want, I want it.


And if you gimme 80 you ain't getting any change either. Black people ain't never packed by wanna move some damn what? Shit your ass down. You can move three times in six months. I always lying. It's the last landlord. No you ain't paying your damn rent. Oh it's the landlord I just didn't like over here motherfucker you behind you ain't all that damn mind. You ain't got me. You know mess Mama call and tell me everything. No she ain't got pulled out again. For real. I ain't. Hell yeah. Can't keep nothing. I told her she can't come here. She got to find her somewhere else to go. That's why I need you to go there and and move her because she'll move you. She'll give you some stamps.


Yeah, that's how I be knowing what's going on. See your family, they'll tell you everything that's going on these days. All you gotta do just hang around a little while. They'll let you know what's what. Let you know wanna move but ain't pack having that get outta my face, get the got my face woo shit going on. Y'all gotta open your eyes man and realize what's what's, what's what out here these days man you women don't really know what you want. You want a good man. Ooh Lord Bless me with a good man I'll do Right And when you get the good man you gonna do nothing but run your motherfucking mob the whole day. Don't never shut up. Don't never listen. I always talking my did talking my dad talking about what your baby daddy ain't doing We don't wanna be around this shit Bitch you bad.


Look baby daddy don't want you don't pay child support. You ain't got no job. Your car ragged than the motherfucker you cooch you wise than the last bitch I had. You got to go. That's the last thing I want. That's the last thing I want is a bad coochie having motherfucker. I don't want you if I feel if I'm stroking you and you feel like I'm walking in a cave time to go, what's wrong? Everything girl you spooky. Spooky. I ain't never heard that shit when it's cold outside girl who are you holding if you think you lonely now wait until tonight girl Bobby Womack, I got the other song wrong and it was Silk got it wrong.


But that's Bobby Womack right there. I'm not Bullshiting. That's Bobby. Bobby was a dirty motherfucker. Bobby took Sam Cook wise best friend. Do you hear me? Best friend died moving man to put groceries in his mother fucking you don't understand what I'm saying. Sam Cook put groceries in a man's stomach cold on his back and he still slept with his wallet. That let you know you can't trust the knuckles. My homie here my bro I my bro my ass no nigga I turn my back you want my spot but you ain't going.


It's like this. I wish raindrops would fall, let it fall, let it fall on me. More of the story is you can't trust a nigga play they road to the T on your ass boy doctor you do you hear me? Bobby won make ain't the only one did this. A lot of you niggas around here doing the same thing sneaking and grinning. Man I love my fans. I love that nigga. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Soon as the nigga fall off you gone. That ain't being real. That ain't being 100.


You got to be there for the people who've been there for you and stop getting mad when people tell you no people ain't got to give you something every time you fucking ass. Think about how you getting mad at somebody who don't wanna give you something. Stop it and all that. Wanna run up to me and wanna smoke with me. I smoke my own blunts. I don't sir no blunts, no damn. Oh I give you some You smoke while you won't before you hitting mine. Never. You niggas doing too much with your mouth from me. You're turning your back rolling the weed from me.


I don't know what you put in it. Like I don't. I dunno man. He thank you all that nah fan. I don't think I'm nothing. I just don't. I just think I don't want smoke with you smoking that's all because when I'm high I'm feeling good. But you a little too motherfucker amped up for me moving around. I buck like a dear shit mo fumbling shit Bitch I don't know You don't speed heroin. You don't so nigga you hear that her what? Shit, it's time to go. It's time to go.


I'm just telling y'all the truth man. What's going on here tonight man? I gotta understand what's going on. Shout out to Miles Gary and what he did tonight for had three sacks for the Cleveland Browns. Thought that was dope man. Steve was eight and three now Cleveland Browns three and eight Cleveland Browns don't even know what's going on no more. They gonna know if they breaking they quarterback back or not. They don't even know that's that that, that's all I'm saying. That gets goes to show you any given Sunday any given game, anybody can be beat. Cleveland. Duke Brown showed that tonight and I'm not trying to take this victory away from them. All the snow they played ball, defense played lice out fucking ball.


Kubo, sugar, Cleveland Brown. If I'm Mike Tum, I'm in that motherfucking locker room going off. I got Russell Wilson front and center it start with you. I brought you in to do one motherfucking job and the Cleveland Browns are who we thought they were and you let 'em off the hook. No excuses. Oh ain't no excuses. Y'all don't get bro no excuses. Y'all don't get bro none for losing in the finals. Well damnit we ain't gonna give none to nobody either. All I been hearing all week mj, MJ man MJ is the goat. Let that man be.


Why can't LeBron be a goat? Why can't Kobe be a goat? I wanna show love to my peoples, you know what I'm saying? Or how people cope. These guys are ghosts. All of 'em Go. Let's celebrate 'em. Let's how By we let's celebrate greatness of players man. That's what I want to do now. I wanna appreciate LeBron greatness. I wanna appreciate Kobe greatness, Jordan Greatness, Kevin Durant, greatness like Vince called a greatness. Like I wanna appreciate the greatness of people. Some of y'all gotta some gray head hungers on your team right now and you don't even know what to do. Well you ain't deep. No she losing weight. Bring her to me.


I put on this good chicken broth, I will bring that good head giving motherfucker back to life nigga is one a time that good chicken broth and honey and her esophagus. I ain't born. See you Grits. We eat grits over here. We eat good every morning. Big breakfast grits with carnation milk. That pet milk that you, that's what you put in your grits for little sugar. Depends. I know some of y'all eat salt and pepper on your grit but you know some of us, you know we use sugar and milk in our grit. Everybody different pan sausage, three scramble eggs, homemade buttermilk biscuits.


How fat that good head giving motherfucker up. She might have been 130 pound but in two months she wants 60 Solid. Her mama say she got a goat tour baby. Where you get that goat from? Do nigga change my life. What Are you doing feeding me mama? Only time I want to eat he gets, he let me eat And I eat Prop my feet Up. Ain't nothing like when you get that one, when you get that one head hunger man it can't nothing bother you Don. Can't nothing get through you no more. You can be going through so much in the world man.


But that one good head hunger take away every thought, everything kids calling daddy I need this and that. Never I Got something. Y'all ain't got it. Make me feel good here tonight while I'm talking to you too. But how y'all doing though man? Don't mind me man. How y'all feeling though? Somebody say sugar and grit is nasty work man. Don't knock everybody different man. We'll talk If you gonna knock the fork out my mouth, I won't knock the spit out yours. You dig? What you eat don't make everybody. Yeah y'all know saying y'all know how it goes.


Believe that though. Y'all know Saturday coming up Colorado finna do what they do. Ain't nothing new. Ain't nothing new. What Colorado doing? What they going to do? It's fucking game win. I'm still trying to figure out why Travis hunger name ain't in the Heisman thing like it's supposed to be. Oh you ain't got the stats man. Ain't nobody playing both sides of the ball like this boy playing, scoring touchdown, getting interception being a beast on defense. Ain't nobody else doing that dog. Nobody else doing that and old boy from Miami Ball and no cam. What ball it Lu. See it Lu City young men get they paper in the college now the NIL deals now. I mean I love to see people getting money now and taking care of their family.


Maybe so many people family that's going through it man, these young players come up good and they able a chance to get some of this money and change their family life. That's what it's about, man. Changing your family life. If You can, man you ain't gotta do it on no big scale. You can change your family life in so many ways man. Some people think it just gotta be money man. It could just be being a positive person. You can change somebody's life. Just calling and talking to somebody man and giving them great advice. You know what I'm saying? You You can just sometimes getting, be trying to sit back sometimes and focus on just trying to be a good person or a better person or someone someone can call and talk to and get great advice from. Right? You know, sometime I be around some people that feel like they all, they guess y'all could talk to some kind of staggered person or some kind of celebrity person for them to understand what's going on.


No You can talk to anybody man. You can get a good, You can get advice from a fool. I this being real You can learn a lot from a dummy


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law 18 plus terms


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNH You can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


High five Casino High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com High five Casino is a social Casino, no purchase necessary void or prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five Casino dot com High five Casino.


Hey it's Lunchbox from the Bobby Bone Show and I'm here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your local Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback. There's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com Toyota Let's go places.


Time we do better. It's time we do better. It's time we start telling one another. We love one another. It's time we start telling people I appreciate what you do. That goes a long way. People walking down our road. Hey, how you doing? Ain't gonna hurt to speak. We're rolling down the road. Homeless bag. I got a hang Sign up. You got a pocket full of money. What it gonna hurt for You getting five or $10? Oh man, they ain't gonna do about drugs. They might or might not. You don't know as long as you do your part. There you go. What they do with it is what they do with it. Yeah man. Plenty ways to help people. You might even might not even have to give 'em money. You might give 'em a coat jacket or some food or something man. There's other ways to help people.


There's other way to be positive in this community. That's what I wanna do to help my community. I'm first start this none profit organization helping these kids from start bringing these kids to the games, giving y'all jerseys and stuff. I'm Santa Claus this year so I got to fanatics. I'm Santa Claus. This year we're gonna be giving out Jerseys, hats, sweatshirts. Your favorite team in the coming. Let me know your favorite team in the come lemme know your sizes. You can be a one of your stuff that I'm gonna be giving away. So be on the lookout for that. For know I just wonder. I wanna be a a, a helping hand to somebody. And that's what we on right now man.


Thank everybody for tuning in this show. In case you didn't know this show being presented by prospects, use my promo code if you ain't signed up yet. Trash with the two H's. You know put $5 in. Win 50 instantly. Yeah put $5 in. They gonna give you $50 instantly You can play and you know 10 $15 You can win $1,500 just like that more or less on your favorite player Cry speech. Go over there if you can't watch my show, You can listen to it on Apple Podcast or Spotify. Go and download it. Yeah I need to download go and download. Let's keep getting this show where it supposed to be in case y'all don't know.


I'm trying to get on these networks, I'm trying to you know move through ES ESP n rank a little bit. Get on one of these show and and showcase my talent because I know that's where y'all wanna see me at is on ES ESP N and Foxes and all that doing me commentating, giving my angle analyst on the game the way I see the game. You know what I'm saying? I think the, I think, I think they need that. That's why they ratings down everywhere that they need somebody like me to come over there and and get it. Right. That's why y'all be tuning in here 'cause y'all ain't getting in nowhere is you getting in here. Imagine me on Airp or somewhere in the major platform for the doing what we doing. What we doing, we, we we we taking this to a whole nother level.


Now we can wave now the podcast, we can wave now. But I know I can go in there and make a difference. I know I can go in there and talk that talk to make y'all want. Let me tune in and see what fam I'm talking about tonight. That's my guy. Guy. I know that guy that yeah I been watching We big. Yeah that's my guy there instead of tuning in watching he ain't talking about nothing. You don't want all that. You want somebody that's gonna call these players out in a positive way but not demeaning them. That's what I do. Trash. He was trash tonight instead gonna get saying oh he just head off night and oh he got a splinter in his finger now I'm not doing none of that. I'm not doing none of that.


I'm gonna call the game how I caught, how I see it gonna be respectful gonna be wrong but it's gonna be me. Might not be cussing but I'm gonna be me. I'm gonna be me. She's gonna be surprised when I pop up on something. I'm just say Dub said that and when we do we going knock them Reagan stupid roof. Believe that more real talk. That's what we doing. Somebody keeps saying f the browns man Browns one man this is what it is. Can't don be like me crying about the cowboy? What, what, what did that, what did the crime do for me? Nothing. The cowboy don't give a damn about me. They don't care about lose it.


They don't, They don't care about none that So I have to make a decision and y'all can make the decision too. Some of You can stay with. Yeah duh. I just can't do it. Good for your ass. Good for you but for me, I'm gone. I'm a buffalo now. I'm Buffalo now. Ain't ain't nothing to think about no damn mo. I'm still with the cowboy in my heart. I'm a side chick ain't gonna lie, I might double back but I'm with Buffalo right now. Ain feel so good. I I been on the other end of losing, I been now 30 motherfucking years since we held up that Lombardi.


30 years. Every year. Every year. Every year We didn't barbecue steak after state. Hot link after link chicken and nothing. Sound ain't brought us nothing. Now I'm sound I'm taking shit in my own hand now I can't depend and wait on the Cowboys no more. So I'm going over with the buffalo. I know the motherfucker ain't never worn nothing but something is in the air. I don't know what it is. I just don't know what it is.


But I'm feeling so good. I'm feeling so magical. I went over there to see my kids today y'all. And I am so happy that my baby mama see the way, see the things the way I see things. My baby mama gave me some head this evening coming My baby mama head game so good. I put $75 on her boyfriend cash. I ain't shit I ain't on I'll tell you the truth. I put it on the note when I On me fam been been good to my kids fam.


That's, that's that's all love. When he came in from work I left. You know what I'm saying? What's up man just holler at the kid. I'm lying. Just got through getting done up. I lying to her too. Baby mama bro. Baby baby we gotta get back together. I'm lying to her all because I just want her to get back on that head again. I know she on the phone with her mama. He time about bringing me back. Shit no I'm not. I just want that head one more time And it's just the way it was before I left it. I gave up boy dapp and everything and told me if he wanna smoke something holler at me later. I touch I'm favorite nice to her boyfriend these days all because she been nice to Yes.


That's all about co-parenting. You do for me. I do for you. That's all we can get along good. I ain't tripping. I ain't telling him what I did. Ain't none of his business what I did with my baby mama. Ain't none of his mother fucking business. I gave him $75. I ain't had to do that. I know he going, he been fussing and her because he ain't had nothing to smoke. He ain't had no cigarette. He ain't had no money to get nothing to lunch. So, man, hold on bro. Let, let me take that burden off you. Let me take that burden off you play boy. Let me take that. You know let me, let me do that. That's at least I could do Good Lord and bless me. Let me, let me do that. Yeah I talk. Let me do that for you.


Let me do that babe. Like just go on do what you say you going do. I'm I'm gonna go on give, I'm gonna go ahead get, I'm gonna go ahead and get the kids them Jordans that they want. Yeah I'm gonna give 'em them Jay take 'em to Target, give 'em a cup of toys and I do that. You man just oh shit. God damn. Oh man. And you get in the head you know it feels so good to him. You know they slick. They start taking their clothes off so I'm getting head and my baby mama start taking the off. What you doing? What? What you mean nah, he may come home. Nah. Okay next time I'm lying. I don't want none of that. I just want the dope. That's how see she told think she gonna get pregnant by Dub again.


Not gonna happen. You ever been getting the head and all of a sudden she started taking her car. We ain't got that kind of time. Keep going for the kids coming in. She's like coming. Somebody say Shado took a Vegas, Reagan. It might happen far as Coach Prime going to Vegas. I don't see that happening. So I'm, if I'm the Vegas either Reagan, I'm hearing the Titans. I don't want him to go to the Titans boy they terrible dying now man. I do not want with Shado saying to go to there.


I I don't, I don't want him to go girl. He knows what he, he's here to tell you Part of the show catch y'all watching. We do a, we do a, we do a hell no segment and somebody asked me for $150,000. We gotta let someone throw a hundred miles an dollar baseball and hit me. Hell no. Not worth it. Y'all at my size way. Shit. Why y'all people like pain so much like for money man, no money ain't everything man. Hell no. Hundred miles long shit. What pain damn hospital gonna be that much shit.


Mm I don't. I do shit I ain't gonna be able to do but let me tell something boy. I done messed around y'all and got my hands on. One of them s never at the junior boy. She likes to work out and I do Don't come. Hey I let her see my Bitcoin. How much money I got in that Bitcoin. Ooh that white girl was amazed. Oh my God. Oh God. These are your coins. Don't Wanna judge you but I don't even think, don't Even think You Can I get your number You can first night?


Come on. Yes you invited to the pot. Look duh in y'all. Hell I can't wait to see eight faces when meet when I, y'all ain't gonna understand this. I can't wait to see her faces and ain't nothing they can do either because she in love with Your boy. Yeah Been here all night bro. Deep. Come on, Come on. Well God's good when God come through for you man. Ooh boy He come through. I'm talking about in a major way. I'm talking about ways I never thought I would see in my life.


Good Lord will make a way for you if you believe you gotta have faith. Got to have faith man and whatever you do you got to have faith and you got to have love man. A lot of times you be having bad look 'cause you ain't got the faith. Some of you say you believe in God but you gonna be having the faith. Some of you say you love God but you hate your brother and your sister. The good Lord say how can you say you love me from when you had never seen but hate your brother and sister that you see every day. Stop it. See people want to quote the Bible but they don't want to leave it so they try to put the Bible off on you and try to discourage you. No not what we going do.


Boy I got miss no bon boy. I can't wait to show my daddy this no bunny Thanksgiving boy. My daddy finna be proud of. I'm already knowing when I bring her he going hey Come Here. Come here boy. Come back in this room. Holler at me right quick boy. Your mama gonna kick your jab boy let me tell you something boy you hit the jack pop though Then she dig and she argenx. Yeah She'll work out Guru pops. My damn daddy eyes gonna get bigger than his belly when I tell her how rich this girl family Is. Tell them Right go down through that junior. That's what they gonna tell me. Go down through that junior. Now my mama find out.


She gonna say well what about your kid daddy? Damn them kid let Junior do what he do. Stay out his damn business. It's going down. Believe that. Trying to tell you I'm not Bullshiting. Oh she ain't nobody better than Cook. She ain't even thought about cooking. She ain't never brought up cooking around me. She know I don't want her no motherfucking kitchen. I brother catch Covid and let that white girl cook for me. Do you hear me? And I love my white girl love her to jail but I'd rather catch Covid before I let her go in that damn kitchen. 'cause I know she can't cook. I'm black, I'm being real. I don't want no motherfucking bagel and raw bread and wheat bread.


No don't no ride bread on my eggs sandwich. Hell no. I don't like bread like bread baby. I'm not bullshit. That gonna happen. Bacon. I know she can't do that but she can do other things. When I say when y'all watch Discover Channel. I know sometimes y'all be seeing them. Ches maybe Stretch. That's how that she stretch Her name am mouth. I smell so motherfuck good Y'all Woo like them You get some brand new washing powder diet and you when you get your washing clothes and you dry and you pull her My but you want snuggle?


I'm not ing, I snuggling with her. I've been laid. Oh boy I lemme get off here. I got to go. Hey man. Trash of day going to the, going to the Pittsburgh Steeler offensive coordinator. Trash got to call the game better than that. Got Pickens out there man. Yo Jefferson out there. Every time y'all were going deep you were hitting them. Why you didn't keep going deep? Why You can keep running. Play actions man. Come on now dog. Come on now. You lost to the boo boo Browns geared together Pittsburgh, which I know y'all will. I see y'all soon out there. I bet that game December nine, Pittsburgh.


All my fans in Pittsburgh. I'll see y'all out there December 9th. I'm gonna be giving away some jerseys. Some hats. Pull up on me, man. Yeah, if you want, with Jersey now, go and holler the fanatics. They got the Best Jerseys, real talk, and they give you discounts as well, man. See y'all Saturday after Colorado Game. Peace, love. I'm out. The. Volume,


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity finding facet. Immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order. And that makes us fast for life. Now, I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current Faft members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


Life Comes At you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You. Time entered Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino, and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms.


How crispy are the new Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli Mix. Crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If. you hate loud crunching. you might wanna mute. Mm. So crispy Like. barely hear myself. Think crispy These should come with a warning. Mm If this crispiness is making you hungry. Get to your closest grocery store for Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and OLED TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from Dilla Groovy Baby and Colors, in contrast popping day or night with Glar Free Eds and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more at Samsung dot com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience may very according to types of content and format


I five Casino High five. Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com. High five. Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com High five Casino.