
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen,


Snakes, zombies, public speaking. The list of fears is endless, but the real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. Distracted driving is what's really scary and even deadly. Eyes forward. Don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the Ad Council,


The Volume. We on time tonight baby? We on time tonight. Welcome to the Bubble Do Show. I'm the host. Yeah, me. Don't hit the like button while you here. Don't. And hit the subscribe button if you already heard. You already Hit the subscribe button man. Make sure you hit the like button, man. Real talk. Get in the chat. Chop it up with your boy man. Keep your notifications turned on. We had some ball games today. We had some ball games today and we starting with the game that we just got through Washington.


Yeah, the Indians, I mean the commander scalped the damn lines tonight. That's what they did. I thought it was illegal to kill a damn lion. That's what I thought. I thought you couldn't go out and kill a lion. You have to have a license to kill a lion. But the commander said never. Never. Lemme take my glasses off. I wanna give a shout out to Bad Blood Magic Johnson. Ej. I know you got your Versace purse. Do some work ass up in la. You ain't even got have the, the the, the the the the the half furniture things on No mo The fireplace. 'cause it's already on fire up there.


You already cozy nigga. Oh yeah. EJ giving somebody the business tonight. I was about to lose $1,500. Y'all on the Detroit line. I'm trying to bet everybody in the world that Detroit was gonna win. I'm glad nobody betted me. Get y'all see that shit tonight Jane Daniels y'all, I'm finna really just dive deep into this shit tonight. We talk sports with y'all. We gonna have fun now I'm gonna break this stuff down for y'all tonight. Jane Daniels. Y'all is a rookie. Do you hear me? A rookie 22 for thirty one two hundred and ninety nine passing yard. Two T no interceptions now.


Who look like a rookie tonight. Jerry go trash and I'll tell you why Detroit lost. Y'all had jello ball out there performing trash Eminem rolling over Oxycontin fields white god damn ma. Do you hear me? Henry Ford rolling over. Oh god damn carports right now. Oh this the year they had me fool. Y'all this Detroit. You are Detroit going all the motherfucking way. But let me tell y'all something tonight ladies and gentlemen that's watching this Bubba Dub show. There's two things in this life that's promised to us death and the goddamn Detroit lion are never winning Super Bowl.


That's what's promised Niel. Oh Dallas didn't make it. We ain't worried about Dallas. We worried about y'all trying charge a thousand dollars for the Parker damn car Trash. You ain't gotta worry about Uck because your ass your season. Oh, oh yuck. Y'all came my score seven three first quarter. Oh yeah. Y'all were feeling real good. Dan Quinn said no, let me turn this young motherfucking bull loose. And that's what they did today. Turned him loose. I ain't never seen nothing. I ain't never seen a rookie this POed. I ain't never seen a rookie with so much motherfucking confident every throw was in.


I'm talking about and I'm gonna tell you what this remind me of. I got some old heads watching this show right here tonight and I'm finna show you what this remind me of right here. Detroit Lion was so enough off the last drag and yeah Detroit Lion was so enough. Jayden Daniels them. They wasn't nothing but Bruce Leroy. Now everybody know sure enough was supposed to whoop Bruce Leroy ass but it didn't happen tonight. So I'm asking Detroit now. When I say the man you say say show. No now push some respect on the commander's name. That's what you can do. I let it's our, you never in big meet.


You know I love you fam. You are a hustler. You are a go getter. Let me tell y'all some real shit here to knock on the bubble dub show they let you walk so that Washington could run. Do you hear me now you coming home. It's a great thing. You having a big old welcome home party and you ain't got the snowman on there. Yes, that's why you're lost. You can't do nothing without the about the snowman. Oh yeah I know Detroit right now. Y'all mad. Y'all hiding. Ha ha. I see your ass on tour. God damnit. You talk that shit to me about them cowboy. When y'all beat up God damnit, I'm talking shit to you now Talk to me now nigga go.


You cry. Why? Because you got your ass beat. They ran through y'all. They Gibbs got off. I gotta give credit. What credit do I'm up here having fun talking shit. But let me be real for a minute. Gibbs for the lion kept y'all in it for the longest. Kept y'all in it but your quarterback three intercept your quarterback turning the mother freaking ball over. What the season over Dan Come. Y'all go on do like I did get your motherfucking teeth fixed. Boy your teeth root like to stain. They ain't gonna cut it. I know if you married or not, but whoever woman kissing you, she's sick then a motherfucker, we gonna have fun tonight on this show and we going laugh at Detroit lines all motherfucking night.


They say them lying. Tinders taste the best. I've been waiting for this game my whole week y'all. Man this gonna be the game right here. I feel like Detroit gonna win this game but my partner solo been telling me all week bro it's gonna be a upset dub. Dub is gonna be a upset. I didn't believe him. I wasn't trying to hear it but tonight I'm being real with y'all. I'm a believable that God Dan Quinn put together a game plan that nobody seen coming. He, him and Clint Cleobury. Oh yeah. Y'all know Clint Cle. You should be the coach of the Arizona Cardinals got got fired. What? What? Damn. Dan Quinn said come on over him to my team. I'm gonna resurrect your as.


I'm gonna put you to work. And that's what they did here tonight. The game plan were flawless. Oh yeah. Quick intermediate routes. Jack, er, Camille, Jeremy, Lauren, Camille. Damn come here, I'm gonna hit you then I'm gonna bootleg off the middle. Let him run. I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let my player Jane Daniels play to his strengths. And that's what a head coach supposed to do. You play to your player strengths. If you look at the stat sheet, Detroit had four people throwing the ball at night. That's why they fucking lost all that trickery going on. Motherfucker stop him then Play ball and play ball. Yeah that first buy got went to y'all head. Oh we gotta buy, we going to be good.


Ooh, watch the one. Oh yeah. This a easy win. I be down. It ain't easy. It ain't easy teeth. Yeah. Yeah. I can show these white motherfuckers now. Yeah, call me a couple months ago. I would've never done that. Yeah. But now I'm gonna let my motherfucking teeth shine. Yeah, like a fresh pair of set of bow ties down here in H Town baby. Yeah. Y'all talk to me. Talk to me tonight. Let's have some fun tonight. That's what we going to do here tonight. We going to have some fun tonight. Y'all. JB five is him. Yeah, straight out LSU.


It is a dog. And you going to find many quarterbacks, y'all as a rookie that's doing the things he doing. Sometimes rookies get a little jittery in the pocket. They get a little antsy. Not this nigga. I don't know where this nigga from. This nigga got ice water in his body. Is he in the pocket that ain't open? That ain't open. I'm gonna take out with it. Then when he back in the pocket that go hurts. I'm looking real motherfucking P to me now. I'm not saying Washington gonna go on and win it. I'm gonna be a realist. I don't want him to win. They in my division with the cowboy. Well how can you be a cowboy fan and you wearing a Washington commander jersey? I don't do this shit for content fam. This shit all fun and games for you. Boy you know I really take this angle shit to the heart.


This is what I really do. If you not understanding I'm gonna break the game down, show you the stash. But I'm gonna have fun with it. I can articulate this shit. You understand what I'm saying to you? I'm I got all jerseys baby. And I'm gonna learn. I'm going have fun. I'm going to get money. I'm going to enjoy life. Y'all got to do the same thing. Y'all too invested in these teams and these teams don't even know your motherfucking ass. They ain invited you to now game. They ain't gave your damn jersey free. I think I'm the only one giving your jerseys but keep on talking your shit to me. It's cool. I like it. I'm having fun with this shit and I'm definitely going to have fun with this game tonight. 45 to 31.


Do you hear me David Ruffin rolling over in this motherfucking grave right now. Motown Ruckles rolling over in they grave right now. One line big bad lines if you ask me. Yeah Eminem ma spaghetti ain't so good after all is it? Huh? They say eight mile backed up for miles right now. Oh y'all thought y'all had this game one. Some of y'all done took out from work. Some of you don one down there tried to purchase Super Bowl tickets and for what? I dunno. I dunno. But y'all took a ass whooping a day Now let me switch to the game that we seen before this The Houston, Texas went down there and played in Missouri.


Let me get it right. They went down there and played Missouri. They played in Missouri, they played the Kansas City Chiefs but they play in Missouri. Let me get it right. CJ strap you had a hell of a season. Fa let me give it to you. You did what you could do with what you had. But let me tell you something. You cannot beat the zebra in the other zebras. It's who? Zebras. It's the rails and it's Pat Mahome. You can't beat both of them fucker chiefs. Come on Doug. Stop saying we cheat. Lemme tell y'all one motherfucking thing man. That was not no helmet to helmet on Patrick Holmes early in the ball game to help them sticks. Keep moving. I got to call it like it is do I'm keeping the 100.


But what y'all fail to realize is Andy Reed is the best NFL head coach in the game right now. His game planning is phenomenal. Do you hear me? He going to you see Travis Kel tonight? We ain't seen Travis Kel all motherfucking year but you saw him tonight. Guess who else y'all seen too? You seen two skeletons. Two skeletons, two skeletons. Taylor party and goddamn Taylor Swift. The white girl goddamn thing. Skeletons, they was up there cheering, eating uvs and eating mayonnaise with pickles. God damnit clear. That's the kind of shit white people eat. They eat pickles with mayonnaise on it. Who do that black people. Aint no goddamn pickles with mayonnaise on it.


Not now. Not now. They up there. The sweets getting off. They had some FBI out there. That's the kind of clout they Taylor Swift got. They ain't got regular cops. They got FBI swat up there. You can't never get to that white girl. Do you hear me now Even Michael Jackson can get to Taylor Swift. That's how much clout and power she got. But let me tell y'all something right here today. God damn I love what I seen from the Kansas City chief defense. Chris Jones is a dog. They got eight sacks today on CJ Strub and that's why this Texans is at the house right now. And I know my Texan fan bumpy little Kiki. I love y'all are there. I know y'all wanted to pull 'em slabs out but if you know like I know it's gonna to get cold in Texas the same way it was cold in Kansas City so we ain't pulling slabs out.


We pulling big trucks and SUVs out this motherfucking weekend. I can bet you you can save the slabs for the summertime. My Texas fan. You know I love you. I live right here in the HI love you but y'all talk cash money shit to me. Last week when Bomb B was on her and all I'm saying is do you want open casket or is it cremation nigga what's wrong? We doing i'll dub Your season been over week six. It's fine but your season over now? Yeah we having your jewelry now. Hell do you want fried chicken or baked chicken? What you want? It's out. What you want Hay rolls close night   sky rolls ain't open tonight.


That's all I'm saying. It's close tonight. Shout out to my homies down here in the age town too man. Shout out. Shout out to my homies man. Check out to my whole movie crew car if y'all ain't already watched it, go watch it on YouTube right now man. Yeah shout to my big homie. Top man. Real talk. That's what we doing now but the Texas y'all on the up y'all. Y'all coming though man. Y'all did the same thing y'all last did last year. You won a play out game. You did the same thing this year and you lost in the second round. Cool. But you got to move, you got to continue to get better. I can't sit up here and say y'all got better 'cause you did the same thing you did last year. You got to get to another level.


There's levels to this shit in the Kansas City. Chiefs showing y'all that there's levels to this shit. They on they way possibly to winning three in a row that ain't never been done before. Ain't never three in a row. And I say it now and I say it again if that zebra pack from the home win three Super Bowls in a row mean three MVPs in a row. He is the goat of quarterbacks. And I know y'all love Tom Brady, I love him too but this commentary on TV trash you a bad motherfucker on that pill but up there they booth never Gentlemen Madden passing around rolling over in their damn grave. Listen to Tom Brady up there.


Call the game. He ain't got it. Do you hear me? He ain't got and y'all know they ain't got it but y'all more sit up here and ride Tom Brady's nuts all day. He the go. He had hell of a defense too. Some years he was winning. He had hell of a defense. They were cheating, they were deflating balls and they were spying. He had all kinds of shit going on for him. But I ain't gonna take nothing away from Thomas Brady Jr. 'cause I say he a goat right now but if that zebra hold up that LA boy trophy and by another month or two that boy will be the goat. I don't give a damn what none of y'all saying.


I don't give a damn what none of y'all saying now the Myra gang, you got the Eagles in the LA round. I'm gonna go ahead and keep you the buck. I got the Eagles winning that game. Reason why I want the Eagles to win because my good friends up there in LA say they need some help. They need some more help with the firefighter. Well guess what? The LA Rams on they damn way. They on they damn way. Then you got Baltimore and Buffalo. That's gonna be a damn game. Can the more finally get over the hump? Can Josh Allen finally, finally get over the hump and face the Kansas City Chiefs? Yeah in the lc championship game. That's gonna be a game tomorrow don't you think?


Big Derrick King ain't gonna run that motherfucking ball. The last time they played he had 199 yards against Buffalo. Last time they played Josh Allen didn't even score a touchdown against the Baltimore Raven. Them are real stats. They ain't gonna tell you that single exp n they gonna be around. They can talk about how they think Josh Allen should be the MVP but the MVP played the Ravens this year and he didn't fucking stole. Let's talk about that. Didn't stole at all. It's a different scenario now. They got Mario Cooper over there now you still got Coleman, you got Sha crew over there. Everybody's healthy for Buffalo on the offensive having ball. How will this game play out?


I don't know but guess what? People just watching this show we going to tune in to Mario. Why? Because we fans we want to see the best go against the best and we going to see that shit tomorrow night and I can't wait to watch this shit but there's some breaking news outside the sport. Busta Rhymes done went to jail or assault nigga you 52 motherfucking years old, you ain't got no business. I heard a assaulting no damn assistant over a damn thing. Stop it. Get your old ass in the booth and start rapping again. Thought you ain't had it here since you were with Jan Jackson. Y'all remember that He he had with Janet Jan Jackson. That bitch was Jam Ma, anybody in here 45 and up.


Y'all remember that song Busted Rhyme had with Jan Jackson. You know I'm not lying to you goddamn damn Janet Jackson looking sexy. I'm not bullshitting you. I talk a lot of shit about Janet but I get on my knees right now and get Janet Jackson If you Janet, God damn I'm right Michael Jackson little sister but you ain't looking no more you big sister. Come on Jermaine Dupree ain't big enough. I'm oh you adult. I'm the king of catfishing or catfish. A motherfucker in a in it. My profile look like I'm six five but in real life I'm five six. God damn Soaking wet wearing Damn. I'm king of catfish. Yeah I know. I say I'm six five. I be sending whole pictures of me dunking on LeBron when he was in high school and it's all AI girl look girl, he used to play LeBron in high school.


Look he dunked on LeBron bitch. Just don't know. That's AI


Hardy Fiber cement siding handles conditions that can cause damage to vinyl from fire to hail Hardy Siding stands tall through it all. Helping trade professionals look their best when they recommend Hardy siding and Trick. See the proof@jameshardy.com.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at the Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections. Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the big Take podcast on the iHeart radio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen.


Snakes, zombies, public speaking. The list of fears is endless but the real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. Distracted driving is what's really scary and even deadly. Eyes forward. Don't drive Distracted brought to you by Nitsa in the ad council.


God I damn right that's AI cure for me and I love AI too. Real talk. Tell y'all some real shit that happened to me. We family. I can talk to y'all for a minute. Story time with Doug. Man I can tell y'all some real shit that I didn't know. Don't you know the motherfucker came and repossessed my dog Rahe came to my motherfucking house asking fucking my dog. Do you hear me like what you mean I need the dog back. The goddamn dog rang out the house and jumped in the damn truck with Rahe. The motherfucker dying there. Let's store at Pit more the motherfucker repossessing dogs. Yeah I was financing the dog for 12 months. Y'all. I ain't gonna lie, I'll finance it for 12 months. I was trying to adopt this pit bull but this motherfucker run out the house and jump in the truck or I ain't even leave.


I ain't never had nobody repossess no damn dog. But it happened to me. Damn. I'm sitting there motherfucker. I really wanted that dog. Y'all I think start me a damn killer. I done went down there to the pet more store and talked to them folks about adopting the dog and and how I love dogs and how I want to do this and that and I can hit a rough patch in my life y'all. And I couldn't even make a God I didn't. You know what I'm saying? I still owe the goddamn dollar. Why? It's called finance. God I I got, I got a note to pay but I'm paying a note and a dog. Not a car, not a house, not a phone but a dog. And they coming right. He come and got the goddamn dog he coulda did would gimme my goddamn collar back.


I done about all this goddamn dog high as dog food protein for this motherfucking dog. And and shoot, I think I'm finna eat the goddamn dog food now. My girl keep calling me a dog. I might always eat the damn dog food myself. I'm upset y'all. I I I don't understand why I keep getting done like this. I don't know. I ain't never done no harm to nobody. I always treat people with love and respect. I was gonna pay that damn dog note I was, I ain't having my side or nothing. I had 'em in the house. You know what I'm saying? Most black people had they dogs chain up and all that other shit. But you can't have dog chained up down here in Texas no more. That's a fine. So I got the dog living with me.


I was gonna breed him and shit and the dog have puppies. I gonna let 'em have puppies in the house. I ain't gonna lie, I ain't had the dog for two weeks. I done bonded with the dog. I love the dog more than I love my damn kids. One thing you gonna do, you gonna touch a damn man's dog. That's the same thing with that white man. That white woman can take all that white man money. She can take all that land. She can take everything in the world from him but she better not touch that damn dog. Do you hear me? That woman try to come near that dog. That dog barking them biting at that damn woman. That's the love and respect do got for they white owner. Dogs don't love us black owners. They regular to get away from us. Wow. We smoking weed with the motherfucker.


The dog watching us sell dope. The dog on goddamn watching you snort powder dog watching you goddamn take these goddamn NOCO pills and and turning the Batman. The damn dogs are traumatized. Yeah the dogs need counseling dealing with us black folks. I ain't lying dog. Watch us scam the dog. Watch us do well for fraud and everything. I know that. I know my dog seen all kinds of shit. They were here with me two weeks. He seen all kinds of shit. He seen my pastor come over and shoot dies with me. Hustle cartel game ain't got shit on me and my pastor. We always shooting dies and the house always win. That's all I'm saying.


If you're watching this show then you know it presented by a prospect. Scan that barcode that's from a pop up right there. Y ain't gonna real talk First time user but $5 in you going to get 50. You betting more or less on your favorite player. And guess what? Even if you can't watch this show and you only can listen, go to Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Download the bubble dove show. Boom there I am.


Damn rights lot going on out here right now. They on Snoop Dogg motherfucking ass Snoop Dogg don't went up thug Donald Trump in that inauguration and DJing. Come on Snoop. You just on TV fam talking about how you wasn't gonna never go up there and perform for Trump but Trump cut you a motherfucking check that you have to see walk to and get now the people mad at you dog. Oh yeah you can't get people ain't 50 Trump I'm shit they not getting trouble. They banned TikTok shit. I told you and I told you my good best friend friend. Not all y'all. Some of y'all that's illegal. God damnit your time is up.


Your time is up. And I ain't just saying Mexican 'cause this is all kind of illegal people too black people. Some of us can be illegal. All I'm telling you right now is you better have your motherfucking papers. You better have your motherfucking papers or your ass outta him by Thursday evening. I told all my friends down here that got these goddamn taco stand trucks and you illegal. I said it once. I said again bring them motherfuckers to me. I cash you out about 75 businesses come Friday y'all can get in y'all with me too if y'all wanna. Don't y'all miss out on these goddamn good trucking trailers going on around here. These whole come up for sale and I'm in line to kill them.


Damn right. Don't call me dog no more. Call me. Send your dog down here in H Town. Damn right. I got some cowboy boots with spurs. I'm ready to get out here and start making tacos my damn self And it's gonna be real meat too. You damn right. I ain't gonna be playing with the people. I'm gonna give you real motherfucking meat but my prices going be higher than Raf of pussy. Damn right. Two tacos, $30 shit. And you better buy 'em too. I'm gonna talk about you black people gonna never wanna support they own but they'll go and support everybody else though. They right. Even though my price is high, I don't give a damn. Y'all know ain't lying. We be wanting to support out. Y'all know I ain't lying. We be wanting to support one another.


A goddamn black people. Man you go a black people restaurant, you get you a burger, you get you a fry, you get you a drink. These motherfucker talking about 55, 55 for burn the please forgive you 55 for this shit. You to get 55. Shut this motherfucker down. What's that motherfucker be going around Ed Lee, Nathan Lee, Jason Lee. I don't give a damn. Y'all go walk out my the one that doing no food reviews. He flee. I got a restaurant for you to come to goddamn burger.


The burger ain't even ain't even sitting. Right. The burger built like some more. What you expecting me to eat this burger Nip? I'm not eating no damn burger that's built like some more. I love your dog, keep doing what you're doing but the burger built just like you. It just ain't right. I bet you I ain't park in Detroit tonight. I bet you at. I bet every after party in town. Niggas ain't right now shit. Them niggas at the house can't do. Where you at come here aren't you single. Come here damnit. I be step come here shit you aint God won shit. You in real And when you bring Ka do to my motherfucker reunion and show my motherfucking ass.


I don't know an open court over for women but Ka do you you I'll do it bro. Thank I won't when I'll when it ringing bitch I'm your motherfucking on. You ain't got the worry about the thing when Dub and Detroit. I know some of y'all mad at me right now. It's okay. Your hot ass will get, your ass will get over it. Your ass will get over but face it Super Bowl and Detroit just don't go together baby. Y'all got everything else going for you. You got the best rappers, you got the best food, got the best hustlers got the best car company for it. Y'all got everything else but football ain't in you know what I'm saying? Ain't it The Pistons doing they thing again.


That's what's up. Be grateful. It's the little things Be grateful the motherfucker could be losing 30 games in a row again but they not Cade Cunningham doing his thing up there right now. So be thankful for what you got. Do little things like me, the little things all I'm saying I get around these ho these ho get to talking my big meats. I get quiet, I get quiet get talking my big penton I get quiet motherfucker I like to change the subject then God damn I heard its snowing tomorrow. I don't like that big pens talk because I ain't got no motherfucking big pens. Real talk them ho get to talk my meats and all that. I get quiet then the church high in my house. That shit run me high when a woman talking about how big a man thing is.


Bitch don't fuck with me. Hope you kiss tam sleeping with a man with a big thing. Oh I keep hoping you kiss tam right in your time. Don't you ever disrespect me again like that. Laying up in the bed. Spread Eagle come and get it. What I'm going do with that? That's a mama store. Mama always told me watch out for that man that's a, I can't do nothing with that. You weren't around with these big monkeys and thinking I'm gonna shake you like a goddamn horror movie That that's a pet cemetery cat. You have 75 abortions. Shit you want me to go down there and eat for what? So them voices can talk to me. I be damn the devil is a lie.


Them damn bosses down there talking to me. I know what you did last summer. I bet you do. I'm the wrong nickel. I'm the wrong nickel. I wasn't your last song that was him. I'm do. Oh yeah you right player. You right, you right you you right man. Y'all better be careful, y'all better be careful what's going on out here these days Too much shit going on. Hit that like button for your boy man make sure you subscribe to the show too man. Real talk. We having fun over here. This what we do. We going live tomorrow too. After the games tomorrow after the buffalo and the Ravens game, my black ass coming right back over here and going live again. And for the people that's watching sometimes just smile man lemme get real for a second.


I know sometimes we go through a lot of shit in life. The live throw us a lot of curve balls and we get upset. Sometimes we do shit without thinking. Sometimes we be too emotional but sometimes man we have to take a step back and just think before we react. 'cause you know what I'm saying? One mistake can cost you your whole life and you know what I'm saying? Just you know just one, just one mistake man. And your whole life it's over. So sometimes when we get mad, let's, let's be slow, let's be slow to, to react man let's, let's think this shit through. Sometimes man my homeboy gets murdered. Somebody man 'cause his pride got hurt. He's gone man like this real talk is no joke man.


My homeboy gets murdered somebody man because oh boy hurt his feelings. Pride got in the way and he couldn't take it and killed him. Now my homeboy gone. You understand? Had a girl, kids gone now his girl, you know what I'm saying, depending on me to help him with, with lawyer fees. And I'm saying why should I help him with lawyer fees? He ain't coming home baby. It's a route. Ain't nothing else I can do. I'm not finna be wasting no money on, on, on something that I know we ain't gonna win. It's it's a route. You know what I'm saying? And she's a good girl, a fine motherfucking girl like that. And I know the wolves gonna be at her so I'm thinking y'all before I let the wolves gig her, I might as well gig her.


That's all I'm saying. So when you calling me asking me how is girl going, she ain't good motherfucking hands. That's why she ain't good in though. She in church now. What? She ain't church dog got a job. She don't know that she working for me. You know I got my, I got my truck company going on and shit. You know what I'm saying? So I got her, you know what I'm saying? Calling in, putting orders in. Goddammit I'm enjoying myself with her. She's a good motherfucking mother. Do you? This woman is a good mother. She's smart. She gonna let her kids get on the phone all day. She's right there reading them books. I like this girl right here and and and you know my mama them upset about it But like I told my mama now this is my god life.


I'm a grown man. I don't live with you. You can't tell me what to do. I won't disrespect my elders but I will not let you disrespect my whole do you hear me? I won't let you do it mama. I stand up and go toe to toe blow for blow with you for your to. I ain't lie I was in Detroit. I'd be ready to throw these bitches. Real talk Detroit though. I'd be ready to throw these bitches if I was in Detroit. I don't play about her. I don't. She came in my life and changed my motherfucking life. She get down there and blow on my one inch candle and godda it and and she blow it out. That's all I want in. She blow on it like a pound in the cake. Ooh. Admit she just milked me real talk when she do that I make her cash.


Ain't you lying? I sent that whole $50 30 times shit. She think I'm rich. I ain't rich I ain't rich. I just know how to man. And you niggas should do too. Just now watching the show we got a thing that we call the hell no signal bubble Show. He knows what he hell. Somebody asking me bubble dub, I see you wearing the Washington Commander Jersey. Will you ever be a commander fan? Ain yo mouth cowboy till I die. Hell I know some of y'all saying if you but how could you put that on?


'cause I got the motherfucker. That's how Pans giving me all these motherfucking jersey and I don't guess what I'm finna give y'all some too. So get get in the Cummins, put your size down. I'm gonna be giving away some jerseys again. Real talk if you're going down there to the Super Bowl. Hopefully some of y'all get to go down there. I'm gonna be down there. The bubble do merch will be with me when I go down. Now get ready to buy you some of this bubble do merch 'cause it's going down trash of the day. Going to the Detroit line. Trash Fools go had everybody Fool had me fool. I almost lost 1500. Thank God I didn't. Thank God I didn't.


I be mad than a motherfucker right now but I'm not. So put your jersey sizes down. Put your hat sizes down right now. I'm a real soon. I said by gimme about two weeks I'm gonna be giving away some jerseys and some hats. Thank y'all for tuning into The Bubba Dub Show Real Talk. I'm going live again tomorrow night. Same people that's here tonight. I want to see you tomorrow. Real talk when I get off this live. Make sure you gonna hit the like button in case you didn't know I'm on the Wheel ones tour. Yeah, me, Mike ips Country Wayne. Hi. Hi. Davis Mojo Brooks. Corey Holcomb. Tony Roberts, Lil Val and and my boy Carlos Miller.


Our first, our first show gonna be in Minnesota February 1st. Go and grab them tickets right now and get there early. 'cause it's my First time being on a big tour So you know they got me going up early but that won't last long. I start going to back pretty motherfucking soon 'cause you know I'm gonna get up there and show my ass. So if you come to see me at these shows, y'all hear me out. Get there early So you can see you. Boy I don't get there late like me. I ain't get to see Dub. Well you know I'm a, I'm a new baby on this motherfucking tour and they got me going to first 'cause they bullshitting. But once I come off that motherfucking stage it's gonna be some bru. That's real talk. Anybody done come to see one of my comedy shows.


They already know. Oh yeah they, Doug is him Real talk. So get me about three or four shows. I'm gonna be going up early about three or four shows about that fifth sixth show. A w ain't going up there early no more. You I know, I know God damn well. I ain't, I don't, I can't wear, I ain't, same way we looking at Jane Daniels, he might be a rookie but he ain't playing like no motherfucking rookie playing like a season. Deon do you hit me? I used to think RG three was the best rookie that I ever seen. That's a damn lie. Jane Daniels here. Yes, yes sir. And we got a movement going. The movement is, I can say this, I've been talking to Ron Clark, I'm trying to get on ESPN first take once a week during NFL or NBA.


So we got that movement going. Real talk. So once y'all see the bubble, do the EHPN shit share that shit because we about to make this shit happen. We about to make history happen. Y'all. I know we all love our brothers that's on TV now. We love to sharp Shannon. You know me and him do business together on this show. Shout. Shout got to Steven A. Smith, he been doing his thing. But it's time for some new motherfucking blood to get on that TV and it's me. Yeah, somebody that y'all been watching for a minute, which is me. I'm finna get on ESP n y'all. I'm finna get on Amazon Prime y'all and I'm finna show my motherfucking ass. And when you hit the crib with your girl or your homeboy, you can look like man that's my nigga dob out man.


He know he was right here with girl. That's the what I'm talking about man. Because believe when I open up them doors, I'm gonna do this right here. Come here, come here. So if anybody's trying to get in this business, get your shit together baby. Because once I get there I'm reaching my hand back and pulling you up with me. It ain't just that I'm gonna win. We all going to win. That's the way I look at life. Our bubble dub don't just win. We all going to win life. It just fun and gangs to me y'all. I going take this shit that serious y'all. 'cause I know one day you hear the next day your ass will be gone. Do you hear me? So going take live for granted. Don't be out here drinking and driving tonight. Don't do it. You can smoke all that all you want. Don't you be behind no wheel drinking and driving.


'cause I don't want you to kill nobody else and I don't want you to kill yourself. Some of you got kids, you need to think about your kids man. You need to be here for your family. You can't do nothing with 'em when you're dead and gone. If it's somebody in your life that been showing you love, give 'em they flowers now where they can smell them. 'cause they can't do shit with 'em when they dead. We live in a time now where you don't wanna show nobody no love 'cause they feel like you Dick riding. But we ain't doing that. In 2025 people been showing love and doing what they supposed to do. You show 'em love and respect. That's what we doing. Thank y'all for watching tonight's show. I'll see y'all again tomorrow night. Peach, love them out, The Volume.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow The Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen,


The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. So we asked kids, what do you want your parents to hear? I feel sometimes that I'm not listened to. I would just want you to listen to me more often and evaluate situations with me and lead me towards success. Listening is a form of love. Find resources to help you, support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Dot org, that's sounded out together. Dot org brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal.