
The Volume. Come Ricky Williams. Come. Chris Sims, come in. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. College football game was tonight. You had Ohio, your state versus Texas Longhorn. Good game. Ohio. Your state was a little bit too much for them.


Like I told y'all, I told y'all to Ohio, your state was going to beat Texas. Now I ain't wanna listen to me, especially my people down here in Texas. Man, I don't know what you talking about. How you gonna be from Texas and not go for Texas? Stop it. I go over That. I don't want hear high your state. Just a better team, y'all. And I gotta say hi your state better team. But let me, let me dig into something more deeper. Longhorns got a problem at quarterback. I like yours but you got Archie man over. You can't sit up here and tell me right now. A lot of the fans, a lot of the people right now can watch that game.


Feel like if Archie would've played that game, y'all would've won. I'm telling you, they got a problem right now down there in Austin, Texas. And it will be addressed this summer. I'm just saying right now you on you or you on Archie. I guarantee you 75% of the people don't want Archie Manning. I'm barely, who is Uncle Eli? Peyton. That's a motherfucking manning. And you got him. Moon a bitch. Stop it telling you right now, it's gonna be a problem this summer. I'm, I don't, I don't care what they say, how everything is good. They lying. Motherfuckers feel like right now if Archie Manning would've played, they would've beat Ohio State.


I don't believe that, but I think it would've been a better game. But I don't believe that. I honestly just feel like Ohio State was just a better team now Ohio State, they'll get ready to go on in the national championship and play Rudy. Oh yeah, they playing Nova Dame. No, last night was a game too. You know Penn State and Notre Dame? Oh yeah. Rudy knocked the Jerry Sandusky out Penn State last night. Good game by the way. But I'm glad Ruby won. I don't want nothing good coming to goddamn Penn State for the next 15 years. Sharon, the way Jerry Sandusky were was rubbing on them goddamn lacrosse players. He were rubbing on them cross player how them white women be rubbing on them little ass dogs that they be dressing up rubbing on.


I'm not bullshitting you. They had to call the laws on Jerry Sandusky to get the motherfucker to their damn university every day and night. They said that goddamn Brown Escalade or Jerry Sandusky were back then up there at the ated department. I'm not bullshitting y'all. These are facts. When they seen that damn brown Escalade, they knew what time it was. A picture you riding down the road in Penn State. If you ain't never bring up to, that's a wonderful anniversary by the way. If you just riding down the road, God that's a big school you just riding and you just having to look to your left and you see that brown Escalade. You know it's about to go down piece of boy as Oh yeah.


Shit Goddamn damn shit. Jerry said dusky shit boy. He's a char. They say that motherfucker was a char that boy he wasn't getting little seasonals. They were getting donno bullshit. They were getting donno bread sticks. Three legal sos. Oh yeah, I wanna go ahead. Oh yeah, I go ahead. Go home early. Whoever ever wanna stay getting passing grades Jerry Sandusky what's up to get no, just wi them calling, looking for him shit on the, when he get home. No right. Motherfucker lie.


God damnit Jerry, why every night, every Wednesday night you're late. What's going on? Me and the guys up there just playing pool babe, you know time just get carried away when you're playing pool with the boys, you know. Hey but I'm here tonight. Go what's up? Yeah, that's how Mother bullshit. Y'all telling ym Nod Dame be Penn State for them very reasons right there. No Penn State is some symbols. I don't like sins even though I'm a singer myself, I don't like singers either. Pizza party then Penn State Peace Party go up there in Penn State so the national championship gonna be Nod Dame in Ohio State.


I'm going on Ohio State. Y'all put y'all picture in right now. Nore Dame Ohio State. I'm going for Ohio State but I want dress the elephant in the room that's been going around in the sports world for the whole week. Everybody been having they ifs and this and that by Joy Taylor. Oh she slipped her way to the top. But let me tell you something, joy Taylor, if you want to share your motherfucking milking cookies, share your motherfucking milking cookies. Y'all seen the motherfucking milk and the cookies? She got y'all mad at that woman for doing what she gotta do. Y'all mad. Y'all motherfucking been some of y'all men jumping on her. I can't believe she doing all that. Your girl doing it right now.


Know her and she at McDonald's. She ain't, she ain't getting this kind of money. Joy Taylor getting your girl right now. Giving it up right now for free. But y'all want disowned Joy Taylor for what she did allegedly. Man y'all need mind y'all motherfucking business. I think it's a beautiful thing that she, that she agreed with her supervisor, her boss for these kind of things. It don't bother me. That don't bother me One more fucking bitch. And that would lock you. Shut your motherfucking mile. I'm gonna give you some cat. Only a prostitute and a sick individual going lay down and give back with lock some cat.


Ain't nobody laying down with your motherfucking ass And you know it Otis ain't nobody coming to see you Otis. And you know it. You running around here on your podcast talking about you knew Bill, she you knew better than get turned down. That's why motherfucking way you ain't had no shock with Joy. Stop it. Motherfucking joy Taylor want to lay down with you boy there's a lot going on right now. This shit funny to me though. This shit funny here. Oh my god. I can't believe she slept with this giant man. It ain't the First time and it ain't going to be the motherfucking ass. It ain't, I don't blame whoever it was.


I don't blame him. Hell I want it right now. Me and Ash yourself right now. Enjoy Taylor coming to your room right now. Wherever you at and give you some is you going take it yes or no. Keep it a fuck. I don't give a damn about this being no workplace. We break rules every motherfucking day. I ain't gonna be smoking weed at work but I'm smoking So you mean to tell me you gonna turn down this beautiful motherfucking woman that Ooh do you going turn it down. Shit ain't no motherfucking way a motherfucker that pine at work. I'm going to work early. Y'all know I ain't lying. When you gotta find woman at your job, you going to work early. You can't wait to get there and see that motherfucker. I'm fixing her coffee and everything.


Black or brown sugar decal. God damnit. I got you damn bubble DOB ain't never fixed nobody a coffee. I am now I I'm now ain gonna walk into her motherfucking car whether it is raining, sunny, snowing, I don't give a damn. Whatever Joy want whatever joy. I know I ain't lying. You can be working right now and little old cutie pie start working on right now. You nigga start dressing up a little better. You nigga Getting your hair cut right getting your ears. You right getting your breath right. You wearing cologne now. Your old lady knowing your funk ass ain't never been wearing cologne to work all of a sudden now you want wear cologne. Why? Because it's another motherfucker up there done caught your eye.


Ain't a real woman at the house nowhere. Your woman know what So up Charles cologne nigga when you stole, oh you know I'm trying to get this raised. You a motherfucking lie. You trying to raise some guys so that's what you trying to raise up fam. And I don't blame you sometimes people come into our lie man and and I feel like they a booster. You know what I'm saying? Like it like it's just like taxi season. It's right here. You been looking at people walking around. This motherfucker rag me all year but for you know it that motherfucker that you been seeing walking around here rag, they figure have some retros on their feet. I'm not bullshitting you. They figure those retros on they motherfucking feet they gonna be clean too.


And I don't even wanna hear y'all hating. Ah you, you must got your taxes. It don't matter. Money, his money don't matter where it come from his speech. That's what niggas trying to do to you. Ah nigga. Nigga I'm a little new car. Must got your taxes don't matter what I got. Money is money. If I work for God damnit it's mine black people. The only people I know that gonna d each other nigga. Nigga oh my god. Nigga one got his taxes now I can't tell it nigga. No man don't don't do people like that man. Everybody ain't got it. You know what I'm saying? Everybody ain't gonna have money man. Everybody might not look good. Everybody might not be skinny. You know what I'm saying? Everybody, everybody got flawed. We all got flawed. Stop down in one another man.


But people I been, I lived there. I know it. People try to make you feel bad 'cause you got your taxes man don't do that shit man. I don't care what you got man. Yeah you be broke two or three months and who gives a fuck if I'm gonna be broken two or three months I ain't broke. Now I tell you that I ain't broke. Now I can go to the motherfucker casino now that what most mother us don't get a little money. We going to the casino. Me, you and your girl, you gonna go down there stay two or three nights and you gonna come on back and you good. You won't enjoy yourself When you get a little money you won't enjoy yourself. Go enjoy yourself. I just tell people this now when you get your taxes, take care of your bills. Take everything that you need to take care of. Get some shit that you been wanting you don't get because you been wanting and put that motherfucking money up.


That's okay because you got the money don't mean you gotta spend it. That's our problem. We'll get that shit we'll burn the whole motherfucking check. No be patient with this money man. Be patient with because you know money hard to come by and you know when you was in a bind your partner, your friend, your cousin wouldn't never help you So you gonna wanna be back in that same boat when you get money. Now I better hold on to this. I remember when I didn't have it, nobody wanted to help my black ass so I'm gonna keep, I'm gonna hold onto to this much as I can. That's how you grow. Say I be what it do that's say I be what it do man. That's how you grow. And then like if like where I'm at down here in Texas it's cold in a motherfucker.


It's snowing up there in Dallas. Oh it's motherfuckers snowing right now. And this the only thing that's stopping them holes right now is the snow hold them like be they call them holes you doing in the bed where your motherfucking head need to be. You need to be somewhere right now nourishing your child need to be reading to the child too. Get him off you too. God damnit and read them books. Get God kids 12 and 13 years old. Can't read. They can't fucking read. Ask them how old they is. They tell you they favorite movie home alone motherfucker. I say how old you is not your favorite movie.


You ho I told you 24 5 you hos going to be mothers this big thing. Call these women now what you doing Shit got to high with my kid where you supposed to be? You saying this shit like like like it's a funeral or something. Bitch you supposed to be at the motherfucking line. People dying in the line right now going crazy in the damn snow. You see them niggas dying in the line. Shit this the only thing that stop a nigga from stealing the snow. Niggas can't deal with we'll go outside and throw snowball but stealing ain't on our motherfucking mind. Staying warm heels. Some of you holding these houses. The sheet rock two motherfucking thing. You are in that motherfucker shit but you had all motherfucking, you took it prepare for the one but you want the bullshit.


You want to run down there the goddamn Miami so on some tox where you sugar been fucking with one of them goddamn car. Somebody gonna come here and put some sheet rock in this motherfucking house when it rain. Goddamn it raining in your house but you a baby So you in your bag now this rain in your motherfucking household, that's what's going like on You ain't in your bag. Oh yeah you hos gonna be mothers in 2025 and you men y'all going God either sink or swim 25 you going to sink or swim nigga it's up to you. All that running off on the plug, that shit dead. We swung up to your mama house.


Well yeah I ain't seen him bow. He gonna find me now. He going find me ain't and we ain't playing that in 2025 shit. Oh I'm gonna catch up. Nah nigga ain't no more catch you. No you going to get me right now. I that thing going on right now praying for la I praying for my families in la They losing they homes. They losing everything they got up there. I'm with Chris Brown I think somebody setting these these fires man. And this shit ain't cool man. I, I make a video and people comprehension skills is, is is not always up but I'm always trying to bring light in the darkness and my skit was simply saying was a nigga a lie.


A nigga would do anything they can to get to they side chick. I will never make fun of nobody losing nothing. They got, lemme tell y'all something about me man. It's a true story man. 12 years ago man I lost my anger in my uncle in the house fire. My uncle was in a wheelchair. He had no legs. He got get legs cut off the diabetics. We don't know about black folk. Most of us we be having diabetics and when you gonna take care of yourself you had to get limbs cut off. When my uncle had to get both his legs cut off, he was in the wheelchair and my ankle just had surgery, she had a bad hip so she couldn't really walk and then they lived in the trailer house and it caught on fire and she was trying to get him out and she end up falling and you know smoke and held their lungs and they brung up.


So I take that shit serious. Don't never think that I'm making fun of somebody house bring down or someone losing their things. Like I'll never forget that shit. That shit shit bothers me to this day just to think about 'em. But man just man, I don't know if y'all know but man when people house catch on fire man shit like a death in the family man. I remember when my, my baby mama, mother house burned down man that shit was sad. When people lose everything they work for and it just don and when they don't have insurance, you know what I'm saying, like how you gonna rebuild, you know you don't got the insurance or you gonna have the money or, or the resources to make it happen.


So anybody's watching me and and and watch that video, that video was never done to to to make fun of, of nobody never nothing like that. Man. I'm, I'm a comedian man, I, I try to bring joy to sad situations what I do. I would just simply just showing y'all that not just niggas but men will do anything or these stuss will do anything they can to get with they side chick. That's the only thing, the picture I was trying to paint with that but sometimes people don't know they just be so caught up in the moment. But prayers for LA I got some shirts coming, I got the phonetics I'm gonna be wearing 'cause man I don't understand how it ain't no water in LA and all them motherfucking oceans up there and ain't no water like I don't get it but I really feel like somebody setting them fires man.


And that shit dang, that shit just spread but it gotta be something we could do And I don't know man that shit gets kind of messed me up 'cause people would think that I got friends, I got family up there in LA just have to evacuate and man it's a sad call. So man we we all here on the bubble dub so we, we we praying for la man we, we praying for better days up there in la Like I said I feel like somebody's setting them fires but I also also believe this god ain't pleased with with with some shit going on. I don't know what's going on in LA but God ain't pleased with LA right now 'cause I ain't, there's been firearms but ain't never been one like this. God ain't pleased with LA.


I don't know what you gang banging, tripping blood and ass niggas doing with God clearing that shit out. You niggas not cri walking today you niggas not blood walking today you nigga looking for shit with them. Think about all the bloodshed that went on up there in LA behind them gang members up there killing people man innocent people dying behind fucking colors. You gonna think Malcolm X rolling over in this motherfucking grave you a alive that knowing we killing one a motherfucking behind some colors. I understand money and we already know what people do to you behind some mustardy vagina. What colors 'cause you got on blue 'cause you got on red 'cause you got going motherfucker make it make sense.


So I honestly feel like man God ain't pleased with la he ain't too much motherfucking bullshit. God ain't pleased with how y'all did Nipsy. Your man was trying to fix this shit he come from he lived it. I turned him down. God ain't pleased I'm I'm trying to tell you and I'm a firm believer God ain't pleased with the Cowboys either. That's why those motherfucker side, he know Jerry Jones them doing some bullshit behind them doors. Oh y'all just young doing some bullshit behind them doors.


Tell me I'm lying bullshit going on in the NFL and I'm gonna talk about it 'cause most of these people they talk about it but they don't really just talk about it. We going to dive into it on this bubble dub show now we gonna start, first of all we going we we going, we going prayer us to Deshaun Watson. He to abi one of them holes rang out one of them massage parlors and he tried to run after him and to his goddamn achilles Man gonna miss this hole next season man he's already gone with another injury now he got another injury. You can't be chasing after them goddamn holes in them parlors. Man let that shit go. I wanna start off with the New England Patriots.


What y'all did to ard Mayo Man y'all need to be front with people man look I know look f we're gonna bring you in for one year Really That you come in get you a little experience but don't but know don't be looking for no further unless you do some outrageous shit like gig us to the playoffs or took a Super Bowl. Other than that you not gonna be back here as head coach like you are not who we are looking for. Honestly you gotta be honest with these people. You're not had this man thinking he was going to be there then y'all fine. All because y'all hire Mike Vapor. We know who y'all want. We know who y'all wanna hire Mike Vapor now y'all making up lies saying the man was smoking block of miles on the plane playing cars but y'all are ride along with him doing. That's why you gotta be careful who you have around you. I told y'all that everybody that gr ain't your friend now that just say Jeriah Mayo word playing cars on the damn plane and wasn't watching flights.


The same motherfucker on your coaching staff was right there with him cheering him on. Yeah go ahead man. Go ahead and play the whole time. Them motherfuckers taking notes. I told your boy white folks take notes anytime you around them motherfucker white man doing this your ass in trouble. Same thing they were doing to Pete Diddy. They were letting Pete Diddy do whatever he motherfucking going to do. All they were doing doing it. You want another hundred million we'll give you another you another a hundred million. Ain't no problem. Dig, keep doing you make you giving you a hundred million. You gonna make us 20 billion. Keep doing you and when the time comes you see digging in jail right now crying.


Crying his motherfucking eyeballs out. They done gave you everything you wanted. Dig They gonna gave you a cellmate, they just two nigga ass up and that ain't good enough for you. You mad because you not getting the attention that you want. Well guess what? Your ass ain't free did it. You had choices to straighten your ass up when Biggie died. You should straightened your ass up then but you didn't. You wanted to show your motherfucking ass now look where it gets you right back in jail told y'all y'all better listen to me. These people are taking notes. They'll let you go so far just like the feds, these feds will let you niggas sell dope 30 motherfucking years and right when you want chill out man I'm chilling now.


I ain't really ain't doing nothing no more. Come here. Lil Dirk won't change his life. Oh my life come here. His music before that was smoking on Pu. Tell me I'm lying. All little Dirk music before that was evil right when he wanted to change his life Rightfully so and want to get right with the man up above what they do. Come on coming to get you. I'm coming to get you. Y'all better pay attention to what's going on out here. I'm telling you right now. Tomorrow I can't wait. NFL playoffs start tomorrow and I can't mother wait I told y'all hurts you gonna wake up for this game.


I told y'all oh Jaylen Hurts was going to wake up for this game. Just the Green Bay pack. Green Bay Packer fans. Y'all running around here. Her ain't playing shit. I can ship that boy a case of that goddamn purple dime up to the Philly shit he on that lean right motherfucker now he's going down tomorrow S Eagles. Who you got? I told you I'm riding with the Eagles. They going hand that motherfucking ball off the barlay 27 times. You mark my word still Saquon Barkley will have 27 carrots tomorrow 168. Your bullshit.


You not Kelly don't be a gang tomorrow I'll lie. I'm cheating. I can't wait to watch these goddamn game boy. I'm not bullshiting and I know I said the charges was going to beat the Texas. I changed my motherfucking mind. Them goddamn niggas down here in Texas goddamn Houston. They ain't no Snoop you they goddamn cars that been watched and waxed. Do you hear me? Bomb beat them gave them boy them trio burgers already. Shit LA Yeah LA Charger coming down here 'cause the wildfire they minds ain't right. They some of 'em lost. They their homes their mind ain't in it right now. So therefore the Houston Texans going to beat the LA charges tomorrow 20 to 19.


Fuck you. Fuck you. How y'all feeling tonight though man? I'm feeling motherfucking good man. Like I say it's cold nigga ain't got no money for no coat. See I got this hoodie on his prospect because you, they ain't got no money for this coat. They ain't got no money for no car. All I gotta get is right here when I go outside I'm walking fast and no motherfucker got them white folks, them white folks dressed down to the tee and they north face them motherfuck white people got they dolls and dressed in north face. You want that fucking mother fucking white folks they gonna take care of they pets. See why from my dog used to be tied up to a chain in a dog house. That was it. You can't tie no dog up to no chain, no motherfucking mo.


A dog got to be running loose or in the house. Shit white folks don't change the motherfucking game. If the white person wearing Burberry, the dog got Burberry on too. Shit. If a nigga got on Burberry you best believe the dog ain't got nothing. No my dog called them a motherfucker outside right now but I tell you what, you better not call them folks on me. Oh yeah my dog got the bark now shit Where called them a motherfucker. I know you wanna come here but never the only way you come here unless you paying motherfucking people and my dog ain't paying no motherfucking bills therefore he going have a kill.


That's one thing I give white people, they gonna take care of them motherfucking animals. We gonna give a damn. It's a Admir man. You know they live what he is. No man, no take care of them dogs man. Take care of them goddamn horses Sat Augustine, Tyler, Texas, Longview, Kilgo, Marshall, Jefferson it some thing ass s time some I some thing as horses down here in Houston too. You nigga be having these motherfucking ride good you gotta come to my ride. You gotta feed your motherfucking horse nigga don't nobody wanna see no thin ass horse dog. I don't know what y'all get outta this shit. Feed them motherfucking horses.


Shit's embarrassing man. These horse, they don't even got bones for these horses man. Y'all know that. These niggas don't even got bones no dog out there. The God mean the damn horse out there the damn backyard look like a baseball field. Look at a goddamn horse out there. Stop it. God damn horse on the dime God horse on the pitch my man. Y'all think there be lying but I'm telling y'all the god honest truth man it's it's, it's some bullshit going on with black folks. They need animals and I don't like man stop getting ho. Get a goddamn lizard get going on something motherfucking horses.


Where they at? Horses supposed to be goddamn eating hay. They supposed to be in pastors and and running free and dog. Man you got, y'all got these goddamn horses in God in in a dog yard. I ain't never seen nothing like this shit in my life y'all. I can't make this shit up to y'all though. I really can't Steelers tomorrow. Hell it's time for Lamar to get him a motherfucking player a victory. This where it's time to do tomorrow. This what you been talking about. You talking about if you win Super Bowl you gonna switch your jersey number one. That's all fine Andy. But you gotta start with beating God damn you got them Steelers because don't you think Bugeye might tumbling ain't got a motherfucking game playing for you buggy.


He can't, he can't fix that offense but that motherfucking defense going be ready know what you gonna have to do. You gonna have to hand that ball off to Derrick Henry. You going to have to hand that ball off the Derrick Henry. Bam. But my Ravens fans at where y'all at man? Where my Steeler fans at right now man getting the coming section and talk to me right now man. Talk to me man. Who y'all got Steelers or the Ravens? Man I'm already seeing purple and black Hearts already. I'm already seeing purple and black hearts already. Where my black in your LA we is Khali for where at Not fact was we sali for that motherfucker ain't having a hit in 15 songs.


It's time to get back in the Bull fam. It's time to get back in the motherfucking studio and make it do what it do. Everybody been talking my Kendrick, everybody been talking my Drake. Well let's talk about my big homie Big extra plug. Had one of the best albums come out last year. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about what Big Extra plug do it Done. Done Nigga album was five. You ain't went and got big extra plug out. Go and get it. Go and get it. Real Talk Chiefs. We already chiefs y'all on about a week Detroit y'all on about a week If your team won't about a week man don't even talk to me God damn it.


My team on a a a a six month buy a week cowboy. We at the motherfucking house right now. We gonna be the Super Bowl. Go We we purchased tickets but we gonna be at the Super Bowl though. That's for damn sure. Sorry. And mother y'all talk to me Go man what's going on in the world? Go man. What's going on out there? Y'all talk to me man. What's some shit that's going on? We gonna know. I heard we trying to get Canada shit. I don't know what Trump got going on in that motherfucking office but he plotting. Oh yeah Trump in that motherfucker office plotting Trump ain't going no motherfucking jail shit. Trump a bad motherfucker. Some of you like him, some of you don't. It don't matter.


He's June, January 20th there's gonna be some motherfucking changes in the world. That's all I'm saying. Whether it gonna be good or whether it's gonna be bad it's gonna be some changes. January 20. Now I'm hearing this motherfucker trying to do some shit to where he'll be president forever. Well I'm hearing people complain me and hell no man we gonna want him be president for error. Motherfucker already 95. He ain't gonna be here to my motherfucking longer. Yeah we're gonna start by singing Negro hymn. We shall come sh y'all crying. That motherfucker ain't gonna be on the earth long now you sell them shit.


Sometimes you gotta sit back and be weight. I seen a post earlier. Somebody said man y'all niggas gotta quit committing suicide. Be patient, you going to die. That's real motherfucking talk. Stop killing yourself fam and be patient. You going to die one day it's gonna come. It's don't motherfuck come. Don't do yourself no harm and don't do nobody else no harm. You a coward When you take somebody else live then you take your life. That's bullshit. You let you let that man be the reason you go. Not nobody else go for America. I seen that shit too. Not good for Mexico. I told you get Mexico favor.


I told y'all my name in you a dove. I don't like that. I'm all about being equal and I'm all about being fair as a black man. We already know favor ain't fair. We already know this world we live bigger is against us but at the end of the day ain't nobody holding you back right now from doing what you supposed to do. A lot of you motherfuckers don't wanna work. And that's the truth. A lot of you motherfuckers don't wanna put no applications in. That's the truth. A lot of you motherfucker won't handouts. That's the truth. But the truth is ain't nobody gonna give you nothing man you gotta go out here and get this shit. You gotta go and earn this shit. You gotta make or believe. ID motherfuckers jail make a believe ID motherfuckers they say you going to do this.


They say you going to either be dead in jail but make a make a make a make a fool out them do some positive with your life man. Like I say, this storm is going on right now and these figures that's snowing, it's a good thing. It's a good thing they get snoring but a lot of times they be riding around stealing. They stealing scat packs, chargers, niggas ain't giving down. Niggas just trying to steal and ain't, I'm saying the N word but I ain't just talking about us colors because the end that a nigga ain't color. It's attitudes action. Never forget that. If you're a black man, somebody call you a nigga. Nigga ain't got no color, don't let 'em tell you that nigga ain't got no color to it.


Real talk. It ain't got no color. Gonna be a white nigga, you could be a Mexican nigga, be a Japanese nigga. You gonna be a Chinese nigga putting your own gang, not letting them stereotype us and put shit in your mind. No nigga anybody can be a nigga. Why? 'cause you say I am. That will make me one. Stop it. Stop it. Y'all talking to him. Can't steal a car when it's two figure stone nigga ta. Hell no. You know we're gonna do very well with the cold.


They ain't going to a club tonight shit. Niggas in the house. They got they girl or whoever they got at the crib. They got this some liquor, they got this some red yet some might got some fire. You know ain't no this ain't trash. Some got some fire. They they cri they killer. The phone can ring right now. Hey dog, I need you to pull up some shit going on. Shit I'm not coming out there in that motherfucking bubble. Black people we be thinking they say we done, we smart man I'm not going out there. I gotta work Monday. I'm not finna be getting sick. I ain't got no PTO. I can't afford to miss work. I can spend all my money on Christmas, birthday Valentine day coming up. You know what I'm saying? You know your girl gonna want chocolate, you know what I'm saying?


But she still gonna give you that salty ass cat. That's why I don't understand. You be going out and buying presents for the same motherfucking vagina. I don't give a damn how they dress it up. They putting on phones, they putting on lingerie. The cat steal salty. Tell you women something. Some of you know some of you don't. You know what you put in your baggage will come out. Start making your girl drink water fellas. Start making your girl drink water man fruits, real talk all that. So all that canice put her ass on some motherfucking water.


Real talk. That's what that thing do I not bullshit put on that go ball and he fell loose getting up in age now you need to start walking, exercising, you know what I'm saying? String your heart up a little bit brother. 'cause you know what I'm saying you you been going in, some of y'all been going edit long here you gonna hit 45 and 50 and you still hollering. Man I feel like I'm 20. That's bullshit. That's bullshit. Your mind playing tricks on you. You better start walking around here and start motherfucking exercising. Yeah you turn that vagina off tonight. But you be in the hospital tomorrow hollering your motherfucking heart. Stop it. Drink some water nigga. Get your ass off them beers.


Get your ass off that liquor and drink you some motherfucking water. Drink you some BH juice, apple juice. Something other than that bullshit that you've been putting in your body. You wanna live a long time. You wanna be here for them grandkid. Start taking care of your body. Start going and getting checkups. That's one thing we going to do. We're gonna go and get checkups. Well nigga go and get your go and get your my chart. Pull your my chart up. God damnit I went and got mine. I'm great. That's why I'm talking shit here today. Everything on be negative. I been getting off. I my choice negative. That's why I'm talking shit tonight. Told y'all because I didn't win. I didn't wanna go but I, I was scared in the motherfucker waiting on them HIV tests coming along.


I been praying to God all motherfucking day. I'm Christian, I've been praying to Buddhism all kind of God I've been praying to all of aint shit. I scare everything in the world waiting on them goddamn results. See pondering like a motherfucker man you motherfucker just coming in man. Shit if that doctor call you, you know it bad motherfucking news too. Look at my phone all motherfucking day. Who the motherfucker don't call me Lord. I don't want have nothing told me. Check my macho everything nigga. Come come mother go get checked, tested you motherfucker around here got bullshitting.


Talking about that's a regular cough. Ain't no motherfucker regular cough boy You got something boy. You got something. Yeah your eye was straight and I got lazy. Shit you ain't normal. You ain't. I'm telling y'all right now. Ladies start letting these nigga lay with y'all with no condoms. He niggas nasty. He niggas ain't got no motherfucking self-respect for they self or you. You laying up in here laying up the nigga. Oh he got money, he got something else too other than money. So I'm there to let you know right now. Protect yourself. I joke all the time about not wearing condom. That's just motherfucking jokes. I'm freaking real reality to your ass right now fellows. If you out here doing what you do, put something on that meat head it.


Page two. She zy got up out this motherfucker. I'm just saying it happened to him. Nigga helping you and you ain't got Magic Johnson money Magic made that shit go away. That's why his name Magic. That's why his name Magic I top what I got a hundred million. You going to have nothing Magic Irving Johnson you ain't got nothing. You can say I got have HIVI lied you. Come on take your trip down here to Mexico. I get real of we. You got it. See everybody ain't got they kind of money Magic got so Raphoe


Real talk you watching this show then you know it presented by prize pitch Real talk barcode at the bottom scattered First time users. Hey you put $5 in, you get 50 instantly Real talk but we ain't going for the small books. We gonna put 40 in 50 in. We going for the guo. We trying to do it big. Yeah playoffs tomorrow put them picks in right motherfucking now you betting more or less on your favorite players. That's it like they got Russell Wilson they probably say man Russell gonna probably have 215 passing your, you either put more or less. Now how easy is that? How easy is that? And put my promo code in trash two we'll talk.


If you can't watch this show you can listen to it. Call Apple podcast and Spotify type in The Bubba Dub Show. Download it and there we go. Me throwing up on himself in the bag dog. Oh come here real talk a night. Pleasure can be a lifetime pain. That's real talk whether you could be live type of pain with that or you can mess around and get somebody pregnant that you wasn't trying to get pregnant. See a lot of motherfucker right now got babies by motherfucker they can't sting but within the when the thing in line of it though they were doing what they motherfucker good to get kid it's good when you getting it but when kids get involved the same motherfucker you were making squirt and all that.


Now she a hateful mother builder motherfucker. Yeah and a lot of times me and be wanting to take care of that kid. It be the woman keeping them from the kid and just turning the dude salty. Nigga just want to come see their kids, take care of their kid, go about their business. Nah they don't wanna do that. You don't want me, you ain't gonna see your kid. That's bullshit. And it's another thing that's floating around. My partner hit me up. I gotta talk about it. Real talk fellas. I want y'all to do me a favor 'cause some of y'all some nasty motherfucker. If you having sex with a woman her pussy stink. You got to let her know you can't continue to heal it.


You got to stop hold wait a guy. Hey you get your funky ass up outta here and you report her to police because that's a $1,500 fine. If a vagina stink 2025 we not doing stinking vagina. If your vagina stink hoe, that's a 1500 fine And we will post you on all social media sites letting the world know that you got funky vagina for any of you niggas come tell me that such and such got funky vagina. That's cool. Thank you for letting me know. But I'm going to find out on my own. I don't give a thing.


What none of you niggas say to me. I'm going to find out on my own. I'm Hardhead do Hardhead come here. I stink. I do too. Go thank together. He knows and he's here you Hey man if y'all watching the show, y'all know we do a thing called Hell nah. Somebody had me bubble do. Do you enjoy stinking for y'all? Hell no I don't pull up with it. I don't lie.


I don't want nothing funky. Like I say, you hold Burger Store drinking water and watching your diet and watching what you eat. Bubble. Do you like the cold weather? Hell no I don't like the cold weather 'cause I can't go no motherfucking well I don't like the cold weather y'all. I'm black. I ain't got no coat 'cause I ain't got no money. See I got a hoodie on and I step outside. I'm I'm shivering. I can't step outside to smoke none of that. I ain't got time for all that. So I like it when the weather is pleasant. I'd be glad when this motherfucking won a storm. It's awful. Carl. I already ain't got no motherfucking here I and all no AC so I'm fucked either way.


Fucked real tone. Some of y'all good. Some of y'all call trucks got heal and ac good for y'all but I ain't got neither one so damn for Godda me. I'm ready for this shit to be over. Just tell you how I feel Trash of the day going to the people that's gossiping about Sweet Joy Taylor trash. Y'all keep that motherfucking beautiful and I do mean beautiful black woman name at y'all motherfucking mile. I don't want y'all to disrespect Ms. Joy Taylor. No mother fucking Mo. If she want to give that motherfucking cat up and never get it up and baby if you watching this show you might not know who I am but I know who you is.


If everybody else you done been with been dogs, they ain't been worth a damn, they will just practice. Bring yourself to me. I don't give a damn who you been with. You done been with 1700 niggas. I don't give a damn. If you ain't made it to the top that's because you ain't been with me. Come here. I give you what you want. I hold your hand goddamnit. Hey I'm massage your feet. I do whatever it needs to be done. What comes you God damnit comes you. I show you a good time. They can talk about you all they want. I don't give a damn. They talked about Jesus Christ but God damnit don't worry about it. Come the door. I'm a country nigga. You know all y'all always wanna make fun of us country nigga.


Oh man. You country. That's right. Us country niggas. We clean the motherfucking plate. That's the problem with you city. I don't clean y'all plates. That's why they come around us to come around us to finish it up. Real talk. And you a good old country boy like me going to finish whatever on my motherfucking plate. Yeah. After you 10 I use my hand with the biscuit, with the shirt. Come on With the pearls kill. I'm already black. You won't. You won't see me. All you see is these whites down below. We your talk get talk. Thumbs up when I go low. Oh yeah, I'm better than HBO real.


Damn right I did Chuck Box. I'm a real man. If I have sex for 20 minutes, I'm eating it for 19 minutes and I'm stroking them for a minute. That's 20 minutes of motherfucking pleasure. 20 minutes of pleasure y'all get them picks in right now because I'm going going live again tomorrow night after these games. Y'all tuning into these games, y'all get these picks in and I want y'all to get this money. First of all though, thank y'all for tuning in and watching me tonight. Don't be drinking and driving. I don't give a damn. If you've been drinking, you get a phone call from old girl you've been wanting to see. Don't drive over there. Catch your Uber dog. 'cause I want you to still be here to watch this motherfucking show.


You can't watch this show and when you dead nigga, you know what I'm saying? Your kids need a father. Your kids need a mother. Let's start being responsible and thinking, oh, I can make it. A lot of people said the same thing. They didn't make it or somebody else didn't make it. Because again, let's be smart. In 2025, y'all, let's be smart. God bless. I love y'all. I see y'all again tomorrow night. Peace. I'm out. The Volume.