
This is an iHeart podcast Looking to buy your dream home or rent that perfect apartment. With the Redfin app, you'll know the moment your next place hits the market. Set up your gotta have it wishlist and Redfin will send you real time notifications for properties that match. And when you're ready to see it in person. Scheduling a tour is just a tap away thinking about selling. Redfin can do that too. In fact, Redfin agents close twice as many deals as other agents so they know how to get the best price for your home. And with a listing fee as low as 1%, Redfin charges half of what others often charge.


So you could save big. Like really big. Last year. Redfin saved home sellers $118 million. So whether you're buying, renting, or selling redfin's ready to help you win. Download the Redfin app and start searching today. Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5. Because we have all of the hit music but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMV. I love The station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day.


In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa, what Snap I kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99.5. The volume. Welcome to the bubble. Do show everybody How y'all doing today? I ain't doing too good but since I got you out here for a little while man, hit the like button. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button. I know we cranking up kind of earlier today. I know y'all used to me coming on at night but I wanna come to, I want to come to y'all this evening. Hell a little bit afternoon. Yeah, y'all ain't doing nothing.


Some of y'all off. You gonna send your kids off you at the high. You chilling. God damnit, we gonna have some fun today so hit that light button. You see I'm already smoking, you see I'm already going through some shit. I stay in some shit. One thing about being black, you going to stay in some shit if you ain't got nothing to do with you. Your family members, they gonna put you in some shit. But let me speak of in some shit right now Zion, I still look like I'm fool from Thanksgiving face And Williams is some shit right now. Being accused of rape, being accused to threatening people, that's what's going on right now in the world. We got black entertains that's in the world right now.


They're being accused of rape, they're being accused of of harmful things. And for me for once I'm sick of it. I supposed to be up here right now talking about the paces, talking about OKC which I'll, but right now I gotta start to show off with, with something negative. Now I'm gonna be for real. I don't think Z Zion raped nobody. I don't think big as he evils. What the bruises at? What a broken bones at. Why he didn't get injured? Why he was doing anything He injured for everything else. Why he ain't injured when he was raping somebody or hoing somebody is what I wanna know somebody talk to me, somebody in the comments right now.


Tell me, tell me am I'm wrong now. If he done anything he hit what he deserved. But I don't see Zion Boo face ass Williams raping nobody homing nobody. I might see him take cocky shit now. He might have did threaten him. Hell I stupid it from time to time. Allegedly I threatened the motherfucker. Bitch you go through my phone again, I kill you. That don't mean I'm really going to kill you. I'm just saying some shit to try to get my bluff in for number one. 'cause I can't fight. We all know that. I know that and y'all know that so I'm gonna, that's one thing I got is a mind piece. I'm gonna use my mind to try to get me outta anything.


So I don't think Zion Williams raped anybody. Have he been fucking with these porn stone and ho? Hell yeah. Ever since he got took a lead, he been, he been sleeping with number porn stars. So at the end of the day I blame him. The company you keep man, it's all about the company you keep bro. Because right now we live in the world right now man. People are lazy. They don't wanna work. They want to get easy come ups. You a hundred, $200 million man. And, and and these women gonna come out there. You bro they, they lawyers in the here. Who you dating? I'm dating Zion. Oh I'm dating John Morin. Oh. Oh. Have he ever raised his voice at you? Have he ever touched you And they running with it.


So you got to be smart. You have to be smart in today's time and you ain't gotta be rich to get sued for no shit like this. They coming after each and everybody Zion, he was already on the verge of being traded. And it sucks that these black athletes, these black entertainers have to constantly go through these things that run your name through the mud. Nah, you got people who was looking up to you. Nah, they ain't looking up to you no more. They Think you done, done, done something when you ain't even done it. You know you innocent to proven guilty. But we don't live in that kinda world right now. As soon as your name go up in headlights and, and headlines and, and say you done rape or you punch somebody, you're guilty in the world eyes at that time.


And it sucks 'cause it, it hurts sponsorships. It hurt deals. I mean it hurt a lot of stuff And I hate to see Zion Williamson going through this, but he's not the only one that's going through these things right now. We already know what's going on with with Diggy and, and right now we already know what went on with r Kelly and et cetera, et cetera. But it's just slowly going on down the list and it's starting to piss me off right now of what's going on in the world because now that's been a, it's been a a, a claim against our beloved brother Smokey Robinson. They saying Smokey Robinson was outta sexual assault and mis and and misconduct with his housekeepers from 2006 to 2024.


Brother Smokey Robinson has been harassing housekeepers. Smokey Robinson 95 years old. I'm pretty sure this motherfucker don't remember nothing he did a hour ago. I don't think she in his right mind. What's dementia if I'm smoking Robinson, I'm saying I got dementia. That's my new go-to right now. At, at my age I got dementia. I don't know what I said yesterday. I don't know what I did a couple of minutes ago. I don't remember Smokey Robinson. We talking about a legend we talking about from Detroit Motown. This man wrote for the who, who, who, who, who Smokey Wrote wrote for The Miracles, the Temptation.


Marvin Gay, the Four Tops, the Supreme. I'm talking about Smokey Robinson. A motherfucking legend. Take the glasses off of this shit right here man. 85 man y'all gonna wait till this man gets to this certain age man to come out and say y'all been sexual harassed. I called bullshit Don. Y'all look ain't gone raping no women. I ain't never heard of no yellow rapist ever. I heard of some dark skinned motherfuckers but a yellow man like smokey rap never fucker wrote for D Ross more than they come on now man The disrespect gotta stop.


'cause soon as we heard the allegations, you got these big networks and these bloggers they run with Smokey been doing this. He was probably doing it back in back in the sixties. Never Smokey wasn't doing nothing. Drinking milk, eating cookies and writing songs. This all Smokey Robinson was doing. I'm not letting y'all put dirt on Smokey Robinson's name. I won't do it David. David Ruffin rolling over in this damn grave right now. All these damn allegations. They gotta just my boy man You know he wrote the song the Way you do with things You do. Oh come on now in the sixties the way you do the things you do come from Smokey come from Smokey Pen writing him his for that tempations.


Ain't nobody to come to see you Otis. And You know it. You damn right ois pissed out right now man. It seem like everybody that we love man, and I'm not saying these brothers can't do no wrong 'cause we all do wrong but it seem like everybody we love or everybody that we, we pull up there and like oh man they have an excellent career. This, that and the third. It's like they starting to bring them down now man. It's like we don't have nobody to to, to even want to look up to like Jay-Z. Fuck Jay-Z. We won't look up to no damn Jay-Z first we were riding with Kap. Ah we trying to get Ka back on the field a month later Jay-Z signed a goddamn deal with the in affair cap ain't never played again.


Nip tell me I'm lying. You supposed to been helping the man get on the goddamn damn field JC You didn't. Ain't anybody we get in position they don't do what they supposed to do now they either let me know one thing, either they full of shit or even people are threatening them behind closed doors and telling them. Telling them if they don't do what they say, they gonna lose everything they got. I don't know which one to believe but I do know some bullshit is going on now I wanna take y'all back to where I just got through talking about y'all with that Colin Kaepernick situation, Jay-Z was supposed to have been fighting with these 32 NFL owners or getting Kaepernick back on the field but when what but when But what wound up happening was Jay-Z and Rock Nation has been in control of the halftime entertainment.


You know how gonna borrow nigga him we gonna give y'all something Him but Kaepernick, he ain't playing. No not not a now knuckle motherfucking down in my league. Tell me I'm lying. Ain't that what the NFL basically saying to Jay-Z Here take this entertainment shit, do what you wanna do with it. But tapping is not playing now I don't give a damn how many, how much he working now. Give a damn how big his afro is. Don't give a damn how the black people really feel about it. We don't want that son. Bitch on our field Neil the good boys didn't want kneeling y'all but then you had veterans, the army, the Navy, the Air Force come out and say that Kaepernick wasn't being disrespectful at all and them sums just still wasn't trying to hear it.


You see I said some shit a while back on my show right here and people took the wrong way. What I said, I say when you in the MLBI say when you in the NFL and when you in the NBA, this might sound crazy but understand where I'm coming from with this. You are property of them motherfucker giving you 52 50 million. You gonna think motherfucker know you going out at night fucking with you gonna think gonna know that you a property you can't do certain things when you in the NFL or when you in you can't do it.


Huh? You think Ja Morant can go and and jump on a motorcycle right now and ride Mo. I beat down y'all see what happened to Jay Williams with the Chicago Bulls. That brother had a promising career but he got killed injured. You think Oh Luca can give on a motorcycle right now, ride up and down LA on them fast smoke never. You bring your belly ass back over here and let me talk to you over here in the States. We ain't riding motorcycles do you hear me? You is property of Los Angeles. That's how they look to us man. I'm just being honest man. It sucks but it's real talk and I'm not just up just saying outland shit.


I'm telling you some real shit. It's rules and regulations and the big boy leads it's rules and regulations at your job somewhere at these jobs now it's smoke free. You can't smoke these motherfuckers on your job no more. 'cause it's a lot of motherfuckers who really smoke cigarette right now at work. Right now fee ain't like a motherfucker. So what they do on they break, they get in their car and they leave to smoke in the league. You can't do what you going to do. You gotta do what the motherfucker tell you do. So it's contract in that contract you say for certain football players you got to be between 300 to 350 pounds.


When you get to camp you get to camp you 360 1 motherfucker, you getting a fine. There's rules and regulations to shit. That's all I'm saying to y'all right here today. Man, back to my point was there's so many of our black legals, I ain't gonna call 'em legal because them niggas ain't led shit but led us into killings. These rappers been teaching us how to kill and hate one another for years. Let's just keep it 100 man it's a been a lot of bullshit as rappers out here talking about absolutely nothing but keeping us dumb. When you get mad when the cop pull you over you should see my point.


That's bullshit. Ain't too many rap artists today got substance in they music no more like they used to back in the day. But I ain't blaming them because that's what the music executives, that's what they wanna push. They wanna push the guns, they wanna push the drugs, they gonna wanna push God, they gonna wanna push love, they gonna wanna push real black men being in your children life. They not gonna push that. They're gonna push all the gun violence all they want. All the women, all the, they gonna push all the negative. All the devil shit is what they push. Oh what they give you five, $10 million. You got diamond jury on now you got the house.


You, you, you got the car, you got everything. You got the accountant but the same accountant, they set you up with them motherfuckers steal it. Why? Because you ain't focused. They got you focused on what? Drugs. You just go out and write songs and do all that. We'll, we'll we'll we'll handle the hard stuff. That's how gonna motherfuckers talk. We handle all the hard stuff. You just go live your life. Don't worry about it. We got it. You don't worry about what's going on in your life, you just know you got money just for You know it. That goddamn damn bank account getting getting empty, empty, empty and empty. 'cause you ain't paying attention to what's going on.


We got to be smarter these days. You got to pay attention what's going on in your finances bro. You got to be, I look at my shit every motherfucking day. I don't need no motherfucking account. I know what not to spend. You know what to spend. I know, I know certain shit I can't be doing. You mean tell me motherfucker come on now. Come on man. Zion was on they chick hog and she got mad when he popped out with her baby mama. Now she's saying rape Absolutely that will go on man. These females get mad don't get they way. They will falsely accuse us of shit and until you get it handled, shit going down here bro.


Shouldn't be going downhill fast dog on the court. Zion ain't doing a motherfucking thing but out the court he getting off after them games. Most players wanna go home get some rest, You know what I'm saying? You know hit the song on his shit. You know Zion, Zion going home taking no goddamn clothes off and getting off. That's what big boy doing. Getting off down in New Orleans. Got the Cajun shrimp, got the Cajun gumbo, got Cajun and everything. Big entre of food laid out for him. Yeah ain't something real something right there Bucket naked doing whatever he want her to do.


The only one brother Zion wanna go and bring something else in now. Oh he touched me. He did this, he did that. He promised me he threatened me. He just had his body that the shit that we did with now I don't know if the NFL or the NBA having seminars on stuff like this with our young brothers. I know they have seminars on what they try to tell you what to do with your money and this and that. But they gotta be a seminar with these young brothers sitting them down who come from nothing. Ain't never, never had this kind of money. But the spotlight is on you brother. Yeah she's sucking on you and kissing on you right now. But at the end of the day she don't want you like that.


She just want your money now. I know y'all just seen a picture of Brother Smokey Robinson. Faye look at my brother man look at my brother face man. Green eye motherfucker. That man ain't raping nobody. That man was a woman magnet 56 6 his age. Smokey Rocks come here. All you gotta do is put them eyes on and they getting wet. They ain't got to do none of that. What they say? He ain't got to do none of that smoke and they're doing the same thing to our brother right now. Si Got to make bigger choices in life man.


Bigger choices in life. I promise you that man. We all do. We can't sit up here and blame Zion all man. If it were me, if it was for what, if you was 24, 25 years old sitting on $200 million, what would you do? You can't do nothing with the 50 and a hundred thousand dollars you got now. What you going to do with that kind of money? I told you money only make you more than what? Make you more what you really are now. It's a whole lot of shit we going through right now. I'm, I'm, I'm scrolling on ig. I see Car A B and I sit, I see car A B twerk your nigga ass right in front of Stefan.


Dig face. That's what I seen And even though she married and at the end of the day I loved it. God damnit keep doing it called B don't you stop. I was sitting at the goddamn house with a razor to his goddamn arm to his wrist. I know it. You can say what you but you, you mental now Stefan de getting all this good love you can build up. You can wrote song for Yeah these bloods you Yeah Offset pen did that got on and you gonna let that motherfucker. I'm not, I'm doing whatever I gotta do to fix my motherfucking relationship.


I'm I say I'm putting hands on Stefan did. I'm telling Stefan did. He ain't got to worry about the Patriots releasing them. He got worry about me releasing these motherfucking hands because I'm putting them on him on site too. Ain't not coming to get my kids. I'm not gonna get them. I'm coming over fight. We feeling tough. We both gonna fight for her. We gonna prove who really want her the most. I'm gonna prove it that day. I'm gonna prove it that I'm gonna show y'all what I can really do. I mean she did y'all see the video? Do that's what I'm asking y'all man. Did y'all really see the video? Oh what she was doing? She was and she was looking back. Oh God man.


And I and, and and and Stepan digs brother. You know I know y'all worried about the headlines with him. Oh look right there. Look at that. Damn. Look at God. Look at that. Look y'all look at he don't know what to do with 'cause he don't want it. But we ain't gonna even go there. He don't really want, he wants something else. Shit. Well sitting there, You know I take care of I take d don't really want it. I ain't going even, You know go there. But he don't really want it like that. You just want be seen with them. Ho I don't wanna be seen. Well I want be in between if You know what I'm saying? We know a lot of nickels be with a bunch of females but they ain't fucking nothing hoes and they getting naked in front of 'em.


These niggas turning they head. Well you man ain't turning they head when a woman get naked. Bitch we looking with my looking ass. Even if I had one, I'm still god damn looking. Do you I'm looking, I'm watching. All I'm saying was Stefan did, you was on the boat, you was allegedly caught giving pink cocaine to women. Bro. Once again you in the NFL bro. The spotlight is on you. Everybody got camera phones these day. They got'em out. They watching, they trying to get the views. They trying to get the likes. You got to be more mindful of what you doing brother. At the end of the day because one mistake can cost you your career. You just come off of touring.


ACL Patriots just gave you 69, 70 something million. Bravo. But don't think for one second them motherfucker won't cut you bro. Don't think for one second them mama won't cut you. Man, we got to make it count us black people bro. We, some of us ain't, You know what I'm saying? Per per se, You know we, we gonna have much leeway. What I'm trying to say, we're gonna have much leeway. So you have to take advantage of the opportunities that you got man. Don't squander your career away man. Behind none singing foolishness man. If you want to do cocaine, do it in your house behind closed doors bro.


Don't do it out in the opening like that bro. That's all I'm saying. You seeing what brother Con's going through? He put it on himself. He brought that on himself. You seen? Come on. There's a lot of examples out here in the world or what not to do while we still making the same old mistakes. I don't know, I don't know if it's in our blood or or whatever it is, but we are still making the same damn mistakes and we gotta start making them same mistakes man. At the end of the day, I know I don't smoke, You know I'm up here just playing around with this cigarette man. I don't smoke. But these new women are only happy with the bag. I like one, I like the old school women if, if they have belonging have to do.


It's so big. Yes, it's game is changed man. You know I got a lot of old school people on this show right now watching man. I'm pretty sure y'all can tell us some shit and educate us on women from the seventies, from the eighties to the nineties to the two thousands now. But the game is changed now. Most women feel like they don't need no man. They don't need no nigga man. They can do better. What I and rightfully show. I get it. But I grew up in, I grew up where a woman and a man was together. They, they they, it was 50 50 or 75, 25 either or it was a man and a woman mostly day, mostly relationship. These women is just a woman man. And the dude somewhere else, they, they, they didn't want black families to be together no more.


They wanted us to be separated or they can control the situation. Now they can put your girl on housing and and government assistance now that you see, you see my point? That's what they dig in the sixties to keep the man black man outta the household man. Yeah. The way they looked at it is when we together we stronger, but when we separate it, we weaker. See that's what they try to do. You ever see them wolves when you watch the Yellowstone when they up there and them goddamn wolves chasing them? Chasing them bisons and woo woo woo. What they do? They try to separate 'em from the herd. That's no different from what the devil do. Now when you chasing God and you're trying to live rightful to heavenly foul up the above, but we all gonna fall short 'cause we not, we are not perfect.


We are not perfect. But when you serving God and and you're trying to do right and when you, when you used to chase women, now you ain't chasing 'em no more. You're chasing the good word or a heavenly fo. And when you step outside that door, what the devil do? He put some of the baggage women in the world in front of you. Do you understand what I'm saying? They put the devil put some of the baggage women in front of you. My point I'm making saying back to Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson had all the money in the world and with that money he was able to what? Get his own doctor. And with that doctor, that doctor could can do what? Get prescriptions or what? Be awesome.


See, when they know what you do, they gonna make sure you get it. Ain't no no Michael, you can't have that. No Michael I know but no Michael. No. Michael wasn't hearing No. Michael we here. Yes. Yes boss. Yes boss. Somebody around you got to be able to tell you no. All right nigga, you done got sued once before. 20 million cost shit. 20 motherfucking. I said another one coming. You better slow your ass down. You better stop what you doing. Matter of fact, if you don't stop, I'm outta there. You gotta have real friends and family around you to let You know when you doing wrong.


See, sometimes people let money control 'em. Well shit, I don't wanna say nothing to 'em or they gonna cut me off. I rather you cut me off and you and you still be alive than me not to cut you out. I mean, I mean for me not to say nothing. You and you die Sometimes people let you let you harm yourself man because they why? Because they don't care. They want, they don't want you wied. No way. So you can go. I don't think like that man. Hopefully y'all don't think like that as well. But I'm getting simply here telling y'all here today man, we have to make better choices in life. Moving on Now I can get to the sports topics at hand because I know that's what some of y'all here for.


You want to hear sports? Damn it. Let's get to it. I know y'all know Shay Alexander, they in the NBA finals right now. Get ready to play the Indiana Pace this Thursday in Oklahoma. But Shay is eligible for a extension. Yes he's eligible for a extension this year. He can sign a four year, $293 million deal in the off season if he wanted to. He's eligible for that but if not he can wait and then where he can sign that. I think it's like a five year, 300 something like the ball gonna probably be the highest paid player in the NBA coming up real soon. Also, Kyrie Irving, he can opt in with the Dallas marriage.


He's up for extension. He can opt in for his 43.4 million that he's due or they're working on. Let me see, lemme I'm remind myself forget they're working on a four year, $267 million deal with Kyrie Irving this off season coming off of ACL that if he gonna opt in they gonna work on a $267 million deal for four years. Nikola Joki, he also is eligible for a three year, $212 million deal as well say rightfully so deserves it. I can see Kyrie can get back healthy.


I see why Dallas wouldn't, Kyrie ain't but what 32 Kyrie what? 32 33? I still say he got 4, 5, 4 good years left in him so I could see them doing that. Yage, I mean best player in the NBA him and the SGA. I mean if you, You know, if you say joke about, I ain't gonna argue if you say SGA better, I'm not gonna argue but that's the NBA news right now with the extensions coming up. Norman Powell for the Clippers, he got an extension coming up. Let's see if the Clippers going to resign him. Luca for the Lakers, he got an extension he can sign to as well. Let's see what these players do.


I'm hearing Kevin Durant could end up in Minnesota with Ant man. I think they gonna take a lot of pressure off ant man having somebody like KD that he could throw the ball to that can go and get a bucket at any given time. 'cause right now he just don't ant man to trigger ball. Go and get a bucket put they keying on you. They got a player right there on you. They gotta player right there in the, at the top of the key. So if he turn, they making sure he pass the ball, they're making sure he's not getting in the, in in, in the driving lanes to the hole for layups and dunks. So adding someone like Kevin Durant, a sharpshooter that can hit the three mid range game can can mix it up.


I think that would, I don't know what Minnesota would have to give up to Phoenix but ringing Kevin Durant to Minnesota would be great. Also hearing Kevin Durant with the Spurs down there with Wendy Umba, DN Fox. I'm hearing about that as well. Heard about KD name in a lot of places. Heard about going to the Knicks as well. I don't know if he'll go back up that way 'cause he had played with Brooklyn. I don't know that remains to be seen but the one that makes the most sense to me with him going up there to Minnesota right beside an man and man they won two punch.


They won two punch right there with an man and, and and k. 'cause it won't be no more doubling Ant man like they was able to do these playoffs like you ain't gonna be able to double because if you doubling he kicking that motherfucker out, the K Lee K gonna knock the motherfucker down. Trust me K gonna knock him down and let's get K more praise because he, he going to get the praise he get because he went to Golden State and got him two. He teamed up with cur and them. I don't care nothing about that shit, just to be honest man. KK is a top 10 NBA player of all time and and my top 10 it, it changes from time to time but we gonna do it right here on this show.


Y'all gonna jump in the comments right now with me as well. I'm gonna give y'all my top 10 and, and and it's really no order but it is what it is. You know, You know we gonna do mj, we gonna do LeBron, we're gonna do magic, we're gonna do Shaq, we're gonna do Kobe, we gonna do bird. Who got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. We gonna do KD three more. I got Shaq come on my top 10 now.


Oh who else can I put on this list man, they I'm for gigging right now. I gotta go Kareem gotta go Kareem. I don't know what I was thinking. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. Two more gotta go Kareem my dude Jabbar bird gotta put Bird on there. I don't want y'all kicking my ass for that. And the last one I'm going to do on my top 10. Somebody don't say Bill Russell RIP loving the death but I'm not putting Bill Russell on my top 10. I can't do it. Wil wil chamber.


This is my top 10. Listen y'all put y'all list down as well. But that's my top 10. I got mj, I got LeBron, I got Kobe, I got K, I got Shaq, got by, got Kareem, got Bird, got Wil chamber. That's my, that's my, that's my top 10 in the NBAI got right now. Now we're gonna do an NFL list. I'm gonna let y'all help me out. We ain't doing like the greatest players, we going to do the greatest players on certain teams. So this is how we're gonna do this. Who was the greatest Chicago Bears player ever. I'm gonna let y'all chime in with me. The greatest Chicago bear ever.


I will have to say Walter Peyton, I got Walter Peyton as the greatest Chicago bear ever. Okay. The greatest San Francisco player ever. And just a hard one 'cause you got the joke my time. You got the Steve Youngs but the greatest 49 er for me and hopefully it's y'all is Jerry Rice. I got Jerry Rice as the greatest San Francisco player ever. That's what I got for that. My next one will be the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.


The greatest Tampa Bay Buccaneer ever. For me it's outta Derrick Brooks and it's out of Warren Sap. But for me, and I might be wrong, I might y'all, y'all probably helped me on this but for me I'm gonna go with Warren Sap for me just, just what he brought to the game. He just a big dirty physical motherfucker man. He had a nonstop motor coming out the you man playing with Derrick Brooks, RDA Barber had John Lynch backed up like once out was was was Hall of Famer for sure.


He already in the hall of Famer for sure. So I got ho Warren SAP is the greatest Tampa Bay Buccaneer of all time. A Jacksonville, Jaguar, Greg Jacksonville, Jaguar of all time. And I know some of y'all gonna say Jimmy Smith and and I can't argue with that but for me I gotta go with Fred Taylor coming out of Florida. What he was able to do in that backfield 6 2 6 3 2 35 running 4 3 40. Fred Taylor when him out like that's think about running back 6 2 6 3 2 35 running four three by the time he hit that motherfucking hole if you a linebacker, if you ain't there he gone.


Do you understand hit there he gone. He ain't saying you say let just say if you do meeting he 35, what you gonna do with that shit And we'll keep doing this throughout the week on on Teams greatest players. But y'all let me know who y'all think on that. Somebody say Travis hung, well Travis hung ain't did nothing yet bro you got Brian Lacer, Greg Chicago Bear ever. I don't think Brian Lacer was a great player but they didn't win nothing with Brian Lacer. That's all I'm saying.


They didn't win them LeBron Airlock I can see that. You be know Barry Sanders is the greatest Detroit lion player ever. Like ain't nobody going to really top Barry unless Jerry Golf go off and win a Super Bowl and You know if Jerry Golf bring a Super Bowl and win MVP you gotta pull him up there man because Barry Sand was wasn't able to do that. He, he quit because he got Tiger lose. So let's see how that, let's see how that goes man with that as well and You know, You know baseball time.


I told y'all y'all better, y'all better be checking in with me on this baseball stuff man because I gotta let y'all know yesterday games, You know we had seven games yesterday in case y'all didn't know the Colorado Rockies won y'all the RO Colorado Rockies won. I guess he breaking news Tom Tip fired from the New York Knicks man who y'all gonna bring up there now to replace Tom ea I mean breaking news Tom EA fired from the Knicks man. I mean I think y'all should have stuck it got one more year with Tom EA but maybe it's some inside turmoil going on between him and the players and they maybe thought maybe You know he got just the for as he can really get us.


Sometimes you gotta think about it sometimes coaches only can get you so far. Maybe the owner of the Knicks got his eyes on somebody that he thinking get they team over the hump which took the finals. I mean he got you out to the Eastern conference finals. So let's, I'm intrigued by this. I mean that's breaking news in case y'all didn't know Tom EA has been fired by the New York Rat Knicks. I think the nick, I think the rats pull that. I think the rat just got the rats all over it right now because I'm hearing Tom EA didn't give a certain certain rats special privileges in the, in the locker room so I could see this shit coming.


Y'all I could see Tom tip though getting fired by them rats. I just, the rats got this shit written. All I know they mo I know they mo right now man they had to make a splash like this so New York and this just five Tom Timber do back to the baseball. Yesterday was seven games. The Colorado Rockies beat the Miami cocaine more than six to four. Hunter Goodman was feeling good. He smacked two homers including the go ahead two run shot in the fifth and sos out to the Colorado Rockies y'all they they done won 11 games. So for Los Angeles Angles, angels beat Boston Red Sox 76 Mr. Mike Trout said y'all must have forgot dropped the 454 Home Run four he did 450 and four Floyd Mike Trout doing his thing man he had three hits, he led a six run first inning and the Angels squeezed out the win That game, the red side pitching was terrible.


I'm talking about the Boston Red side pitch trash. Y'all got to play better. Milwaukee Brewers beat the Cincinnati Reds three two Christian Gillich is high, he was high like fish grease. He had four homers in six game as the brewers brewed up. They a straight dub this year so I better check them backs. They might be lace with cheese cur real talk. Lemme walk it through. It's getting off. Detroit Tigers won three 13 to one gets the Chicago Ice Sox. What the is going on with the White Sox this year Kerry Carpenter was hitting bombs like he was mad at the ball. Three three Rs, five rbis and full of demi demolition on the job on the white side the Tiger Stern into a crime scene. Chicago might want to call CCSI man San Diego Padres one one to zero against the San Francisco Giants.


Just good ball playing man. Pitchers were stingy yesterday they wasn't giving up shit the M so twins beat the Oakland a's 10 to four. Remember Oakland a's is moving to Los Vegas? Yeah You know Vegas getting all the teams now. Basketball team next. Remember that Olga one 10 to four man Byron Ton matched his career high with five rbis and twins handle the age to seven straight lost New York Mets, beat the Los Angeles Dodgers. Four three. We win 10 Indians. Show your Tony, You know doing things like always do here at home. Run 23 home runs so far for sure your Tony 23 home run for sure. Your Tony that brings me to Bubba do picks baseball right now.


Basketball ain't the Thursday number of baseball games going on right now. So You know the show being presented by who Prize picks. That's right. Type in go to prize picks, type in my promo code trash with the two H's. It's more or less on your favorite player. You put $5 in, they going to give you 50. Some of 'em doing different on this show now I'm finna show y'all my picks. Let y'all know who I picked today and and what I got going on. And all you gotta do is go on there. You can follow my picks right there. That's who I got right there today. If I win, I win $1,560 then my picks right there. It's on your favorite player. That's all you have to do is go on there and and look at it lets You know right there the picture.


Will they strike out six or more people? Will they strike out six or will they not strike out six? It's just more or less man if you, in case y'all don't know how to play it, man, that's what I'm doing. I fucking start putting my picks up here when I go live again I have my basketball NBA final picks up and y'all can go from there. Now I been, I ain't, I ain't been kicking ass like I normally been kicking ass so You know what I'm saying? You can use this if you want. If not I ain't mad at you. Make your own God dang peaks and go off now if you can't watch this show, you only can listen to my show. Go to Apple Podcasts. Go go Spotify, download The Bubba Dub Show. Boom dur man.


Simple as that. NBA finals Thursday night OKC versus the Indiana Pacers. It's gonna be the first game. It's going to be lit man. You got Ur, you got SGA, you got Jalen Williams, you got what's his name, pastor aka over there and I forgot I ma I made a mistake. I said nobody over have a ring besides Rick Carlos. I lied. My bad uhs have a ring with the Touro Raptors when Ka Leonard, You know he had that hell of a playoff run with the Raptors so he has a ring over right now. I know y'all was making fun Tyrese hollering when y'all was like man he thought he had won the Easter company finally MVP he really did but Seum been getting off.


He been the most consistent player over there with Indiana right now. I'm trying to figure out who is OKC Gonna pull on psych him to stop him. I don't really see nobody on OKC can stop psych him. I think psych we're going to average a little over 28 points this series. Let's see I get series go remember I said and I'm just going on a limb. I know y'all gonna say I'm crazy but I got the Pacers winning this series in seven. I know it's a long shot. I just like going for the underdogs. I know everybody got OKC pick to win it rightfully so. Not disagreeing with that all. I just think, I just feel like Indiana some way somehow is gonna win this NBA finals in seven games and it's gonna be a crazy story for, for Indiana.


The people in Indiana feel like they deserve. They they, they deserve it man. 'cause they couldn't get it done with Reggie Miller. All 'em good year, all 'em good teams. They had me when they had Jerma, I mean Jerma O'Neal, Steven Jackson, Jamal Tinsley, Jalen was it Jalen Rose? I don't know if Jalen Rose or done, nah he had already gone but Reggie Miller was on that squad as well and they got into the fight at the malice, You know at the palace with Detroit. They always say that that team right there was wasn't no teams that could have potentially went on and went to the NBA finals and done something but it didn't happen. So this team here is now let's, let's just see some good ball playing.


Hopefully the referees don't dictate the games like they been doing. The outcomes the sucks when the game come down to the riffs. 'cause who get robbed? We do. We get robbed and, and You know when the riffs make a bad call or don't make the right call per se, they got all the cameras in the world. But these motherfuckers still gonna make the right call I think is totally horseshit if you ask me that. Guess what I'm feeling right now. Live on the show. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Part of the show. People hit me up, ask me questions, the hell no segment and You know, somebody hit me up and ask me, Hey Bubba, do hey Bubba do if it was you, if you, if you was Zion Williams, would you just pay him?


Would you just pay these female for 'em to just go away? Hell no. If I ain't done nothing wrong, I ain't paying shit, I'm gonna to war. That's what I got my lawyers for the NBA gotta come up with better lawyers for these player, better protection plan for these players and protect them from situations like this. It got, I don't know if it's a NBA or whatever it is, it gotta be something else. You gotta be able to sign. Look you at your own risk with this motherfucker over him. You understand. You at your own risk. Now if you, if you don't mind being at your own risk, godda, sign this right here now in the paperwork. Now he, he not, he not be able to rape you. You can't do none of that. We he ain't gonna do nothing all that. If you and this man engaged in sexual intercourse, we lonely ain't, we ain't coming back 10, 15, 20 years and saying you've done something to me.


We not doing that. This is not what that is man. It's like it's hard to date these days because you don't know who out to get you. Like it's a lot of niggas right now watching this show. Not news, not a me you done done some bullshit in your past. You ain't raped nobody, you ain't did that. But you can say some fucked up shit to somebody. You could probably put somebody in an uncomfortable situation and you see what I'm saying? That shit could come back and hunt you right now man. Your past can literally come back and hunt you even though you ain't done nothing wrong but your past can come back to hunt you right now. And that's the sad thing about this shit right now, man.


Shit from 25 and 30 years ago you might have slapped a motherfucker, you might have slapped a bitch 35 4 years ago. That motherfucker come back out right now and say slapped and get some money from out your ass. Ain't that something? 35 4. It don't matter. They ain't come fourth end. They coming forth now they used me back to my point right now. I made a video other yesterday and I was talking about we do everything for YouTube and I'm, I was really talking about myself. We do everything for Instagram, we do everything for Facebook, we do everything for everybody else, but we really need to be doing the most for the man up above.


He the one who, the reason why we woke up just, You know the reason why we could see the reason why we can smell, the reason why we could taste. We don't give the good Lord enough love. So with my platforms what I'm gonna always do, even though I'm a singer and I'm not perfect and I don't try to to, and I gonna claim to be, I'm only a man I I seeing like everybody else seeing. But I do know right from wrong and I do know I got the good Lord in my heart and my spirit and everything I do and I'm only talking to me man if it, if if I'm talking to you, the words going to you and then it's all love. We got to do better for for God man. 'cause when we was weak and sick, we calling on him. And then when we get on our feet good, we kind of forget about it.


We kind of put him on the back burner. Only when we see trouble again and we know trouble is coming, we wanna run the guy. But he always there for us. But when can we gonna be there for God? See God don't need us. We need God At the end of the day, God don't need us. We need him. And I know I do. Maybe y'all don't. That's good for you. I'm not putting God on y'all. Whatever. Some of y'all believe in what y'all wanna believe. That's cool. I believe in what I believe in. I believe I wouldn't be here today on beef for the good Lord. I wouldn't have the things I have on beef for the good Lord. I wouldn't have the good fans that I have that support me and buy tickets to my show won't be for the good Lord. So Lord, if you hearing me and you watching me now, forgive me of all the sins that I have committed, I, I truly in my heart.


Forgive me and my friends and whoever else that's watching, man. You know God ran on just and unjust and that's all I just wanted to say on that. And yet you can catch me. This fry ain't June 6th. This fry ain't June 6th. You can catch me in Pembrook. Fargos like 20 miles from Miami. Me and Darnell Rollins be Simone this Friday, man. Pembroke Florida, grab up tickets. Come see you, boy. All new material. I'm super excited. I can't wait for y'all to see what I'm about to bring to the game now. Can't wait for y'all to see that June 19th you can catch me in Fort Worth, Texas at the Dickers Arena.


Me Earthquake, DL Huley. It's a star. So show it's going down, man. Y'all got to come see your boy. June the 20th. I'm in Tampa Bay. June 20, I'm in Tampa Bay. Grab them tickets. It's two shows. Seven to nine, grab 'em. Tampa. We selling it out man. We selling these shows out, man. There ain't gonna be a seat left. So you better get your tickets right now if you want to get any tickets of mine. If you wanna know where all my shows are at, go to bubba dub EN t.com. Grab your tickets H Town, July 4th through July 6th. I'm at the Houston Improv in Houston. We always sell lives in Houston. Man. And I always say this, Houston, I know y'all ain't gonna let Dallas out, do y'all?


I know y'all ain't gonna let Dallas out. Do y'all each time grab them tickets is going down. Thank everybody for tuning in today's show. Peace and Blessings Out The Volume. This is an iHeart podcast.