
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen


The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Thank everybody for joining me tonight. Make sure you hit the like button. Make sure you hit the subscribe button and most of all, make sure you keep your notifications turned on because you never know when we going to drop over here on The Bubba Dub Show. First of all, I just wanna say to the new people that's new to the show, welcome, appreciate you for, for subscribing to the show. This a sports show, but sometimes this show gets serious and we talk about things going on in the world as you already know.


But tonight I wanna start the show off with that Chester cheek looking motherfucking Scotty Pippin, first of all, Scottie, let me holler let you fam you sit up there on, on sit up there on that show, just the people just in case the people don't know Let I'm, I'm gonna bring y'all up to speed. What Scotty Pippin done done or what he done say rather he sit up there on the show and said that he and you woman won six titles without Michael Jordan. Guess what you said. Okay Scotty. Well, when Michael left the 94 8 95 season, he wasn't not, you didn't do a motherfucking thing. You got knocked out by the New York Knicks. That's what you did. Now it's one thing, it's one thing to get up there and say I was a great player.


You was skyy, you was a hell of a two-way player. We ain't taking that away from you. You guarded the best player every night you did that. I'm not going take that away from you. I'm not going take that away from you like Future and Michael Jordan's son took Larissa from you. I'm not going to do it. I, I honestly feel like you in pain. Somebody need to check on you and you saying the type of things you saying because your ass I'm fed. No, I only up gonna fuck on Fentanyl away. Scottie Pippin been talking up the smiling and grin that as if you was the number one. No you what That belong to Michael, Jeff, Joe. That's who number one more.


Bam. And I will admit Michael didn't win shit without you. I ain't gonna lie. Michael would getting bounced out the first round every motherfucking year until you came along. I give you that. But for you to come up there and say you were the one six without Mike, but why the hell you didn't do it then when you left you didn't do nothing When you went down there to the dam there Houston some rocks. You didn't do nothing when you went to Portland you didn't do nothing. Yeah, you had a good team. You lost to the Lakers but you didn't win in 2025. We going to speak facts. We ain't gonna speak lies. I think something is really, really, really going on with you Pippi and not gig it dog. That that that allegedly that whore you married lost she done fucked up your brain.


Say son, I think them damn braids you got on your head too. Mother can tight. Do you hear me? Somebody going to get feed your Jackson Philo. Jackson will say me a thousand motherfucking times. Michael Jordan was the goat. I know I get on here from time to time and say LeBron the goat but I gotta be a real realist on my show. Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player that ever played basketball. I think LeBron James is the greatest all around basketball player that ever played the game before. As you could get up on that show and talking about you would've did this and that, stop it nickel, I want you to stop that bullshit right goddamn now and be thankful that your son that's in the league, he with Memphis.


He balling I ain't gonna take nothing from Scotty Pippen Jr. He looked real good. The Lakers didn't do a motherfucking thing with him. He looking good Pippen. But this foolishness need to stop. And I don't know if y'all seen it, I don't know if y'all even heard it, but that's what Scotty Pippen saying. That's what's going on in the news right now. Him saying that he would've won six rings without Michael Jeffrey Jordan. Now every time Michael Jordan talk y'all, he always give credit to Scottie PPI always give credit to you but you keep taking away from Jordan. I don't know, maybe he wasn't a good teammate. Maybe he ain't hug you enough. Maybe y'all didn't shoot play coins or shoe dies and I don't know what it was but the hate gotta stop bro.


You can't go back and change history dog. Do you understand? You can't go back and change history dog At the end of the day, at the end of the game when your LA Jordan last shot against the Utah Jazz, you was wide open in the motherfucking corner Jordan, didn't you look your mother win. Do you hear me? You wide open that mean it's two on one Some motherfucking Well the help defense was coming to you. He didn't even throw you a motherfucking bow. I remember when you cried to Field Jackson and didn't even want to go in the game because he was giving the game winning shot to Tony Cuco. But you a good teammate though. That's what you trying to tell the world. I think you a selfish mother.


What? I think we watched Tony Cuco for the old heads that watching this show and I know y'all watching y'all remember Tony Cuco hit that shot at the, at the end of that buzzer. He ain't got lefthanded. Come on, you was on the bench. I'll never forget that. You was on the So was you a good teammate then though? Hell no. You was, I give you credit when, when y'all played the Lakers, the Fresh Championship y'all, y'all beat Magic. Nobody wanna talk about this but we gonna be real. That was Michael Fresh Championship y'all but Bad Blood Magic Johnson were old. He already, that was 11 finals that he done went to on Kareem wasn't there. They had Blind Diva. Byron Scott was hurt. Let's talk about that.


Everybody want oh this six. Okay six is no great. Can't deny that. But we ain't gonna sit up here and talk about how Magic Johnson was an old either. We ain't gonna talk about how Feel had to put Scottie, we had you had to put Scott in on Magic 'cause they first thing Magic was cooking Joy. Now I love mj, I called him the goat. But sometime y'all sit up here on this show and act like Michael Jordan didn't have no flaws. What he did, he had flaws just like everybody else had flaws. When he got into the league 84, before 1990, he was getting his black ass brown out Larry Bird then were putting it on his ass.


The bad boys. Detroit Pistons. Were putting it on Michael Jordan ass. Y'all keep lacking like y'all don't got them tapes. Well we got them damn tapes. Them tapes ain't went no more. We still got them the frustration that what made Michael who he was the first round exit. Yes. He put up Big Point. Yes he put up 63 on the damn shelter and steal loss and steal loss. But I don't want Harper too much tonight on Scotty Pepper. Still a great player but you win six without MJ Negro. Stop it. Now let's switch on to Draymond Green. You steady motherfucker and apologize. You ain't sorry that you knocked out Jordan Pool.


Stop it. Oh man, I'm sorry. See you. I'm one motherfucker. You can't do that with you locked me out and you keep going on TV talking about you. So you playing with me. You ain't give ring running them guns to that goddamn state. I'm bringing it by and I'm using my BBS in that motherfucker. But I'm going to use it though. Sitting up here talking about you. So how you sorry for knocking somebody? Are you sorry? 'cause you got caught or you sorry 'cause you got suspended or you sorry that they broke up the team and y'all ain't winging no motherfucking more but I'm gonna be 100 with y'all. Golden State Trash. They ain't the same motherfucking Golden State. And there's something else I wanna talk about y'all.


Y'all always talking about LeBron losing the Golden State. Well let's keep it 100 y'all who was on them? Golden State team wasn't equal Dollar on them. What's equal Dollar not an All Star yes or no? Well Son Riverton not one the best basketball players in the league before he to his Achi. Yes or no. It ain't get a question I gonna ask y'all Not was he yes or no. Y'all act like them. Gold State Squad wasn't what Wasn't Stat. You got Step Curry Greater Shooter? Yep. You got Clay Thompson one of the greatest shooters ever. You got Draymond Green. He a hybrid that black when he was young don't need that black motherfucker D anybody up and he willing to fight with it.


Golden State had a squad. That's all I'm saying. Yeah you had LeBron over there and then then I'm talking about the time when Kyrie was out and Kevin Lu was hurt. All you had was JR Smith. I I simple. Both of them niggas are smoking weed. Let's be one. Oh nigga were high. Nobody be brought over there and and what's his name De Ola. When the last time y'all heard from Matthew De Van you ain't? Hell he don't even know here. Hell he don't even know he Australian. Y'all wanna shoot up here act like them Golden State teams wasn't stacked then they go out and get Kevin Durant. He's even more stacked now. Huh?


Golden State. But the team they had, they went out and got Kevin Durant. Let just say LeBron would've went out and got Kirk Dunski. Y'all wanna said that wouldn't be fair. That's what you would've said. It ain't fair. That's what y'all woulda been saying. That's the same way with Golden State Curry Durant. Ain't nothing you can do with that damn team. Durant one of the greatest basketball players to ever played a game of basketball. And y'all want to sit up here and talk about how they swept LeBron. Hell anybody would've swep them. And I'm still hearing hate now you've known bro Brony. I'm hearing it on Bryce now Bryce getting off. Oh I know y'all.


I seen the way that no young young motherfucker backing back, peeling just like pops. Well I'm going out on the limb and seeing it right here today. Bryce will be better than Brony. I don't think nobody on here right now. Want to argue with me on that. Got the height, got the size and he most of all he got the motherfucking skills. Watch him develop. It's all about developing these young players right now. Bryce James is will be him bro. Ain't gonna take about four, five years for bro. Really get to what he what? Well I say well y'all want him to get to where he might be where he want to be right now. But I said by four, five years in y'all eye Bernie will be where y'all think he should be.


He ain't there yet but Bryce is him and this simple as that. I'm loving what I'm seeing from that young man. He ain't averaging that much points but he been going off the last couple of games just seeing a couple clips of him going against Matt B two Sons. They they they some dogs too. Let's give Matt B kids some love too. I know the spotlight is all on LeBron kids. Rightfully so. But there's a lot of kids out here that's great. They ain't getting the spotlight on them and I want to give 'em the spotlight. I want to give them the sign on this show that the other media teams is not covering them rightful. So LeBron James, LeBron James, his kids, whatever he do, they gonna get the coverage on it. But most of all tonight I also want to get credit to some fathers.


Fathers on him that's watching this show that's in your kids live. I wanna say thank you for being a great father to your children Lavo Ball. I want to give you your motherfucking credit and five too for what you were do able to do with your three boys. You did it. People laughed at you on national tv, said this and that but you raised some hell of a boys and I all love 'em getting off and I'm loving. I ain't wearing no motherfucking shoes though Lavo. I wouldn't walk them motherfuckers to a dog fight. I love what you doing. Same thing with Coach Fry. What he doing for his sons? I'm loving. Same thing Gilbert Ringer's doing. Gilbert Ringer got four, five kids. All them bawling. I ain't lying, I ain't Gilbert got about four, five kids right now That's bawling all them look good.


Well it take dedication and and time to get out there with your kids and work with 'em because you know them people, boys, men that's in the NBA. You know that they work different than the average person work different now they making you take a hundred L left-handed jumps nigga. Oh shit, shit I'm tired, my left hand tired. But but they don't look at it like that. You wanna be great, you want to get to what possible getting there. This is what you gotta do. And them young men putting in work 12, 13 years old, getting up four, five in the morning putting in their work. So I wanna, you know what I'm saying, applaud y'all for doing that with y'all children. Y'all could be anywhere in the world spending your money. You could be laid over with the hole but for the men come alo, Anthem, shout after you what you're doing with your son as well.


And I don't just wanna put the spotlight on these celebrities, what they're doing for y'all child. I want give it up to the people right now that's doing that and ain't no spotlight on. Kudos to you. Keep doing what you doing. Now I wanna switch topics to the NFL with Jay and Daniels, what he's been able to do with the Washington Commanders right now. I know my commander fans right now in the comment section right now going off about what y'all team been doing and I got to give y'all y'all motherfucking credit even as a cowboy fan. I can't hate, I can't hate being a cowboy fan. I got to give y'all y'all credit when it's due. Lemme tell y'all something, Jay and Daniels is the best rookie quarterback I ever seen. Do you hear me?


Peyton Manning, never Let me name off some stats to y'all on this show. Peyton Manning as a rookie threw for 26 touchdowns, 28 interceptions and he completed 56.7 on his past complete trash. You mean Peyton Manuel turning that motherfucking ball over like James Winston.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at the Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you hear what I just told y'all? Peyton Mangan had 26 touchdowns, 28 interception. That's a terrible motherfucking season. Prairie is a rookie. They went three and 13 with no plant house. Are you taking a plant house? Yeah. Couple. Let's read out Jayden Daniels this year. 25 touchdowns y'all nine interceptions. He's completing 69% of his passes. Do y'all understand what I'm saying? 69% of his passes has been completed. This is a rookie quarterback has leading his team to the NOC championship right now.


It's unbelievable what this young man is doing and for me he's not getting enough credit, he's not getting enough media coverage of what he's been doing. So what I'm gonna do here tonight, I'm gonna give miss motherfucking flower. So everybody running around here talking about pain, rain damn Marino. They can't fucking touch him, do you? Me can't touching. Now let's break down the facts of this game. Eagles commanders to play twice already. This sugar split one and one the first game this sugar eagles eagle, the Eagles was eight two at the time the Washington commander was 74.


Eagles won that game 26 to 18. Now lemme tell you how the Eagles won that game. The Eagles score 20 points in the fourth quarter to win that first game against the Washington Commander. Hearst had 221 yards. He had zero touchdown but he had zero inception. Barkley had 146 yard rushing. Remember that? He had 146 yard rushing. Jay Daniels had one TV one inception, okay that ball game the Eagles had to ball 33 minutes. It's 60 in the ball game. So you do mad they had to ball 33 minutes. They were nine for 16 on third down they was one in three, one outta three in red zone. But zero turnovers is the key barclay.


Hundred 46 rushing yards, zero turnovers. Hear me out. They had the ball 33 minutes and they scored 20 points in that fourth quarter to beat the the the Washington commanders back in. What was it? Week 11. Now we're gonna move on to they just plagued a couple of weeks ago. Washington commanders won 36 to 33. Remember the fourth quarter? Like I just told y'all, the Washington commanders scored 22 points in the fourth quarter to the to defeat the Philadelphia Eagles 36 or 33 Jayn Daniels 258 yards, five touchdowns, two picks.


Well for the Eagles fans are watching the show tell the whole story. Dub her got hurt and he did. I'm not going lie about that Jayden. I mean Jaylen hurts got hurt this game but that's not going take away from the fact that Barkley had still had 150 yard rushing. So if that tells me one thing going into both games and going to this game this Sunday, Barkley going to get his if you follow them. What I'm saying, same quo Barkley going to get his he done prove that. Watching them prove that they can't stop the room. The Eagles know that going in Now the watch commanders, they were seven for 13 on third downs against that against the Philadelphia Eagles. Even though they had five turnovers that game and still one that's never been done.


A team with five turnovers and still win a ball game. That tells you something right there. If they clean up they mistakes, they just clean up they mistakes. Watch Commander's gonna be problem. Now I'm not saying saying the Eagles gonna win, I'm not gonna sit up here and say the commander's gonna win. But I'm just telling you at both games, both teams is on top of their game. Come this Sunday we we in for a hell of a hell of a game and I can't wait to watch it because hers is back. He he won't be hurt. And you got Jayden Daniels the watch commanders don't want eight row. They rolling. Remind me of the New York Giants from Eli Manning got hot that year and went on the run and won.


This is what I'm seeing from the Washington commanders right now. And Jayden, he backed there in the pocket. He's seeing the field. If he ain't liking what he's seeing, he'll throw the ball away. If you give him an inch he gonna take a damn mile and run with it. That's what I'm liking from Jayden Daniels. Now if you ask me Jaylen Hirsch and Jaylen Daniels, who would I take right now? I would probably take Jayden Daniels even though Hirsch been to the Super Bowl being in knee the type of situations before. But right now if you just asking me who I'm riding with, I'm, I'm not saying who I'm going for but who I got more faith in as a quarterback. I will just have to be honest and say Jayden Daniels and this man is a rookie. He's a rookie doing all this shit.


He ain't expected to do this. He expected to fo fat on his face and he haven't done it yet. There's been plenty of time the announcers on here is talking as if before you know it Jay Daniels gonna start looking like a rookie. Well he ain't looked at it yet. Dan Quinn has done a phenomenal job with his coaching staff is getting his players ready. So I got the Bobby Wagner, he's a old dinosaur on their defense number 54 for the Washington commander but he doing his mother fucking job and that's what it takes to win a championship for everybody to be on one accord that went out and got the defensive back. Marcus Lamore from the New Orleans saint that shows me a team that won win. That shows me a team that like we ain't just waiting 'cause we got a rookie quarterback, we want to go and get it now.


And reminds me of things right now in life today we have a chance in our lifetime some of us to go and do something and damnit, you better go and do it. You got that phone call from her badass. You been working on her ass for about two weeks. You been waiting to hit that motherfucker been waiting. We been waiting to hit it. But you ain't got no money though. Your loan gas but she done finally gave you that motherfucking call. What you doing? Shit chilling. You should come over here now. You ain't got the 20 motherfucking dollars to your name but you know you need to go over there and get somewhere. That's what you gonna do. Shit. You gonna make a phone call, you gonna call your homeboy, you gonna call somebody. Hey man I need to borrow this and that.


I need why? 'cause opportunities like this don't come. Ain't nothing like that new. Do you hear me? That new you don't give a damn if you run outta gas on the way you going ain there it's the same way the watch commanders took the approach to this year. They didn't really know they were gonna start out this good but they did and then they started watching hell got something but we can add to it and that's why they went out and got Marcus Lamore. See the good teams know how to add and they know how to adjust. That's why like Andy Reed so much with the Kansas City Chiefs in Missouri is where they playing. I don't want, forget that 'cause y'all got on my ass behind that good coaches know how to adjust.


And that's what I'm simply saying. The Washington commanders do have a better coach than the Philadelphia Eagles. I think Dan Quinn is a be coach than Nick Ian. Now it's the same Dan Quinn that was up on New England. I can't, I can't forget this. It's the same Dan Quinn that was up on New England with with with the, with the Atlanta Falcons when they up 28 to three. Somebody correct me if I'm wrong, when they up 28 to three and the goddamn Patriots came back and beat em, that's the same damn Quinn. But I think the man has learned his lesson. And if, if I'm a betting man, if I'm a betting man, which So you know I be on prospect. I'm going over on your forsake who barking.


That's not all I'm saying. Wakin can't stop the run. Not one mother fucking bit. Now I want to get y'all feedback on this because I know I got some Eagle fans in here. I got some watching Commander fans on here. I want y'all to talk to me tonight. Let me know how y'all feeling. 'cause you know it it, it varies from day to day you gonna be hearing this and did they did this in practice or they did that in practice that don't mean shit. We already know Shaquan Barker going to get over a hundred yards against the Washington command. We know that. We know the Philadelphia Eagles struggle with running quarterbacks. We know that. We know that. It's all about what I just told you. The fourth quarter, whatever team score the most in the fourth quarter y'all, there's going to be a team that win this damn game.


Just gave you the facts. You think I'm lying? You can go and look 'em up for your damn self. Now talk to me y'all. How y'all feeling right now about this game coming up this Sunday? Will it be Jaylen Sip and Sir Herz or will it be Jaylen fly guy? Damn, talk to me. I'm in the chat. Talk to me. I love y'all too LA Strong. We should supporting y'all baby. Hold your head for the people who lost your home. Lost your dogs lost your cat. Hold your head baby. Things will get better, better days or ahead but we are discussing NFL playoffs right here at night on the bubble dub show. If you just now tuning in, make sure your hot ass hit the like button, make sure you hit the subscribe button and goddamnit get in the chat and chop it up with me.


Talk to me now I'm talking back to y'all. Damn this is what we doing. God damnit Johnny and John had let him catch a hundred eighty seven seventeen yard per McCarver has let him catches per catch. That's both games against the Eagles or is that just overall in the playoffs so far Someone going choke and you definitely gonna be calling 'em trash. Oh hell yeah. Most definitely gonna be calling 'em trash if somebody choke Now you got the Buffalo bills. Y'all going up against the Kansas City Chiefs. The Buffalo Bills beat to chiefs this year. 30 to 21. Remember this though, Buffalo scored 14 points in the fourth quarter to win that game.


Pat Mahomes was 22 for 33. He had 196 yards passing but he had three touchdown and two interceptions. Kareem Hunt had 14 rushes for 60 yards. Xavier worthy had four catches for 61 yard. Old man Kelsey had two catches for eight yards. Do y'all think Travis Kelsey in this game here with Taylor Swift up there? Kaylinn Jung up there, Marilyn Monroe up there. All them white motherfuckers be up there and all of them feel rich too. I was she, I'm call my wife friend and tell him I wanna go to Kansas City game. I want be in the suite with Taylor Swift. She gonna be talking to me. I don't want hear nothing about your motherfucking music.


I wanna know if Travis Kelsey treating you like a motherfucking queen. It's what I want know because Travis Kel ain't treating you like a queen. I will. I ain't got god damn Kelsey money but I got everything else So you can believe that. I eat tra I eat, I eat God Taylor Swift three times on Sundays. See me sweet love Taylor Swift. I don't give a damn what none of you Negroes got to say either. That's big facts. Now back to this game here. Do y'all think Travis Kiss is going to have two catches for eight yards in this playoff game? I think not. I think Andy Reed got a game plan and I really do think Annie Reed got a game playing.


But this is, I'm going with my heart on this one. That game Kansas City had zero sex against Josh Allen. He wasn't pressured, he wasn't getting knocked to the ground. I think things gonna be a little bit different this Sunday when the Kansas City Chiefs that's in Missouri playing the playing the Buffalo Bills. I threw, I liked the way Josh Allen played. You know he going to get his rushing yards. Last time he had 27 or 40 he had well 262 yards, one TV, one interception. He had 12 carriers for 55 yards. We do know that he will break the pocket and run. Cook had nine carriers for 20 yards that wasn't really just able to run it back to when they would run the ball against the Kansas City Chiefs. That front line is is is with Jones is is stopped.


But there's something about this game y'all I I'm gonna go out on the limb M say this if this, if there is no snow on the ground, if there's no snow in Kansas City, there's no rain, no snow, no wind that's causing the problems. And then the degrees about 35 degrees and up. If, if it's 35 degrees and up I feel like the buffalo bill is gonna win by at least 10 points. It's just where I'm at. That's what I'm feeling. I know Kansas City fans are nigga you. I'm telling you right now the Buffalo Bills will win this game by 10 and I don't give a damn about no refs.


Why you ain't tripping by no refs? They got the refs on they side the NFL won't so I said I don't win y'all I don't care what y'all say. They want him to be a poster child for him too. They been upping and Y Allen, Josh Allen. Y'all ain't seeing what's going on. Josh Allen said Allen Josh Allen just y'all pay attention to what I'm telling y'all right now. Buffalo Bills will win this game if the elements is right. Buffalo Bills will win this game by 10 months. You can bet your bottom dollar on that but if it's colder, if it's colder, pat Mahome got that goddamn heating pad up under them goddamn pants.


His daddy in the stands smelling like Cush and God some goddamn alcohol, Buffalo Bills and Truck. If Pat Mahome daddy come to that game y'all smelling like cush shit they win. I love Pat Mahome daddy that's a real miracle. That's a real miracle there And you can't hide him one of them daddies. You never want the cameras on his face 'cause you never know what you going to get outta them. That's Pat Mahome daddy right there. That's a real nickel when he come over to Pat Mahome High and all them white folks and there shit he don't give a damn He he going be him. See he go around patting they all talking they talk but when daddy come down shit that's when Pat started acting like a miracle genius.


Oh he all proper in the y'all be surpris how Pat my home talking the highway ain't nobody it's all proper and all this and that but when daddy come around the real come out Pat d telling you now I guarantee you his wi don't like his pops coming around because daddy ain't Patrick. That's Peter when his daddy come around it ain't Patrick no more. His P hat to the back when daddy watch it watch his swag when daddy Ronnie his hat to the back he ain't drinking Coors light nigga drinking. She ain't gonna see if you think I'm like I know people I ain't gonna print talking When Pat my home by himself with the with them white boy he he hat to the front.


Frank Coors light Heehaw when daddy come around hat to the back got him a goddamn white styrofoam cup Ain't nothing but he ain't seen it telling you truth. It's it's ze and it's people. I like people people give a damn my daddy here so y'all out well get y'all out. Well God damn get on the good foot because daddy ain't holding shit back. Everything come my Patrick Ma home daddy mouth is the N word. You want some ma mother links at Earl Campbell to be his exact shit.


Y how ain't y'all Patrick you ain't when his daddy around Mahon smoke block of miles y'all ain't know it. Patrick Mahon smoke block of miles when his daddy around Man you even smoke that cus Liz you just know know when his daddy around he hogging he he drinking out the cg, he doing all kind of white boy shit ain't nothing wrong. We we just talking about what we, what white people do, what black people do Mexican do shit different too but I'm just telling you it's two different people. When Pat Mahome daddy come around, the nigga going hang and say y'all nigga wearing gold chains and jewelry. You see when he come to Dollar what he wearing jewelry that new when they get his As back up to the Kansas City around all that.


Ain't no fucking jewelry shit that motherfucker wearing screws like like he a doctor. So you asking me who I got, I'm really conflicted 'cause I told you Buffalo was gonna win by 10 if they elements is right but if the element ain't right, I got the Kansas City Chiefs either or it's gonna be a good ball game. I know some of y'all in here saying I don't care. I'm a Cowboy fan, I don't care. I'm a Chicago girl fan. Your ass still gonna watch the game So you just prove my point. No matter who your team is, if your team don't make it, you still a fan of the NFL. You still going to watch the game and you, some of us teams ain't even in the Super Bowl just where we still going to watch the game.


I'm gonna be down there at the Super Bowl in case y'all don't know I'm gonna be down there New Orleans and if y'all down there I wanna let you know I'm having a bubble dub in the Zone Super Bowl party. You can come and watch the game with me and New Orleans Lings I'll be putting the link up soon. You can come if you ain't got tickets to the game, you can come and watch the game with me.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at the Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think that's a good goddamn deal And guess what? And you can come and be on the show too. And I'm gonna ask you on the show before the game. It's your pre-game show. Ask you on the show who you got. So I'm putting it out there. I'm extending the olive branch to everybody that's watching my show here tonight. If you in New Orleans and you are not going to the game, you can come by the bubble dub show. I put the link up, I'm gonna be like 5, 5, 6 minutes away from the stadium. I'm the closest thing to the stadium baby. You can come over there to the show. Come on the show and chop it up with your boy. Real talk. I'm extending that invitation to my fans. I won't see y'all there. So if you in New Orleans and you're not going to the game and you want to know where you can come and watch the game at, you can come watch the game with me on The Bubba Dub Show.


I'm doing that real talk Bubba do Super Bowl party in New Orleans. You are more than welcome to come and chop to go with your boy. I'm gonna have my merch. Oh yeah, the merch we'll be there. I know y'all been asking about it. God damnit I got it. Come and party with us. We gonna have some motherfucking fun. I know my Lakers playing tonight. They playing the Boston Celts. I don't know what them motherfuckers gonna do. We might lose by dirty. We might surprise the world and win by one. It's gonna be one of the two either lu by 30 or win by one. But we need to make a trade and that de low trade they okay I'll take it but go and get a big man.


The white Howard actor Go book cousin. Go get somebody. We can't rebound y'all. That's why we losing most of our games. We can't get no rebounds. Ruy is up and down one night he five for eight, the next 94 for nine, four for 19. Damn Bam you are professional basketball players. All you do is work on your game. You got to put the ball in the motherfucking hoop at the end of the day. Ball in the hoop. How fucking hard is it? I know I can't do it because I'm not a professional.


That's not my sport. But if that's your sport and that's all you do and that's what you get paid to do and you got LeBron, you got a, when the ball come your way, be ready. That's all I'm saying. Be ready now. I seen my boy AI out ai I'm gonna get AI on the show too. That's my guy. I seen him. He been posting Stefan Marberry a lot. Do y'all think Stefan Marbury should be in the NBA Hall of Fame? Talk to me. I remember Star. Y'all call him Maberry. I called him Star Stephan Marberry was a real, real, real good player as I remember. NBA all star.


He had to go over to China for a while and play ball. He was a big star overseas by the way. But is Stepan Maberry Hall of Fame player? Is it 20 NBA point guard that played the game better than Stefan Marbury? Do y'all put Stefan Marberry over Russell Westbrook? I can't, I can't put Stepan Marbury over Russell Westbrook. Can I put Stefan Mulberry with John Stockton? Never. I can't put him over. John Stockton. Could I put Stefan Marbury over a Hil Derrick Rose?


Never. I couldn't put him over Hil to Derrick Rose Isle. Who else could we put this Isaiah to? No, that's not even the question. Maggie Johnson. No, not even the question. I gotta say. Yeah, I would have to say Stefan Maberry is a Hall of Fame player. I think he averaged 20 points somewhere in there. Maybe 22. I would have to say he's a, he's a hall of Fame player just based on his stats alone. But I wouldn't take him over those players. I just named y'all. I just, I just couldn't over Jason Kid Neville, he's down the classic guard, my borderline hall of Fame.


I, I feel AI on it. I I'm gonna ride with AI on this one. I say Step on my bear is a hall of Fame but I if you saying it's not, then I get it. I get it on that one. But that's a, that's a tough one. I can't believe he's not in the Hall of Fame though. I mean, I don't know what y'all think. Lemme see what y'all talking about. I don't know about that one. He was him. He, he wouldn't let the the the lead black ball him 'cause they did, he was riding about freshman big and top five. Yeah teammate Sugar big, the top 75 But Mak was hurt. We know that teammate was right there with Kobe. If not better. In my opinion, if you're watching this show then you know it's being presented by Pics going download the number one sports fantasy app in the game right now.


Scan that barcode right there. First time users you put $5 in, you get 50, you get 50 instantly you betting more or less on your favorite players. So you scan that barcode, type in trash with two Hs. If you can't watch my show sometime, type in Apple podcast or go go Spotify. There's The Bubba Dub Show. Make sure you download it. There I am. Make sure y'all get them downloads up for you too man. Just don't just watch me on YouTube. Please get those downloads up and get at your boy part of your show. What we do? A hell no segment. He knows and he And somebody asked me, what Doug could you see yourself living in in an article?


Hell no. You seen that cold fucking cold front came through Texas. You seen a white way. Didn't even going shit. Damn article real. They say what is it is Alaska Way saying stay dark for six months and light for six months. I can't do that shit dog. I'm black, I'm a tropical type person man I got to be lukewarm or warms. I can't be in no motherfucking cold weather. Have you seen these hoes out here in this cold weather? Have you seen these hoes? Lace front shit lace, front edges, all this shit fucked up. I didn't know if my grandma wearing a goddamn a cap or a raccoon on top of her head. I didn't know.


See no when it's cold, black people walk real motherfucking fast to the car and we getting in the car. We ain't even toting our kids to the car. Y'all better get y'all ass in black people. We don't do too good because some of us do. I know my people up there in Minnesota. I see y'all in a couple of weeks. February the first. We of Warrens tour. Grab those tickets. I know my people up there in Minnesota right now. Y'all, y'all y'all good with that kind of weather But I ain't so I'm, I'm coming in, I'm coming right out that mother to my fans just watching on the We Warrens tour and I know a lot of y'all coming to see you boy and I appreciate it. Get to them shows earlier y'all. It's my First time being on a big tour So you know it gonna have me going up early.


Get there early if you want to see me, you don't want miss me. I'm just telling you I can't speak for nobody else on that show. But you do not want to miss my set. I promise you that. I gotta treat for each and every one of y'all that's coming out and I'm pretty sure all my my my, my my my people, my my other comedians. They gonna do a great job. They gonna do they motherfucking thing. You could believe that. But I'm just talking about me. What I'm going do. I'm showing my ass. I mean if you miss it you will hear about it. But I'm on tour, I'm on 25 28 dates. So go to bubble dubt.com see where I'm at and pull up on you. Boy I can't wait to come to South Haven, Mississippi too.


I'm gonna be in South Haven, Mississippi. I know a lot of my people in Memphis. Duh. When you coming back? I'm gonna be in South Haven, Mississippi And I know how my people in Memphis is. Y'all don't like Mississippi laws So what I want you to do, I don't want you to drinking drive over there. I don't want you to have no drugs on you over there in South Haven, Mississippi. Don't worry about nothing to smoke. Come find me and I touch you. Come find me and I got you. Come to smoke. This ain't trash real talk. I know LA on fire some of it up there but the most of it ain't. Take your ass up there to my spot. Jokes is up and ass for that. This ain't trash Bubble do Strand and you going to get the real, you can order that online but that's that THCA. You ain't gonna get the three your Scoop that you get it from me when you go up there to that dispensary and get it now.


You heard it Here first. Now go grab them tickets on the wheel ones Tour Detroit. I can't wait to see y'all. That's one of my favorite cities. Detroit, Michigan. Y'all showed me show most love when I come to the D. It is crazy. And you know how I rocked out. Last time I was up there in the D 5,000 people was there. Me, Corey Holcomb, Lil Duval, several more other people on this show us. Oh man we had a ball at that show. Bruce. Bruce the legend Bruce. Bruce appreciate you bro. You gave me, you gave me some jewel and I forever appreciate that what you told me. So Miss Dragon tickets come see me. 2025 gonna be a big year for me.


Not only for me. It's gonna be a big year for y'all too. We just gotta get to it. We gotta get the job done y'all so no crying, no complaining. Do what you gotta do for you and your family and get to it. Ain't nobody going to give us shit. So you got to go out there and get it and make it count. Like I told you. If you're getting a little money now put that shit up. Stack it up, put it in the bank. I know you want to go shopping but we ain't going shopping right now. We saving. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What you saving for? Maybe real estate. Maybe your trucking business or maybe your girl won't business wherever it is. We saving money this year 'cause there's gonna be plenty of money to go around. I know a lot of y'all are bick than crying about whoever in the office don't give a damn who in the office. I will say this.


There's gonna be some money flowing and you wanna be able to ah come here. Lot of y'all watching me tricking. You finna have a whole lot of cocksucking money to trick with God. Damnit do what you don enjoy yourself. 'cause I'm going to enjoy real talk. I got caught next week. I'm suing my damn barber. Y'all thought I was bullshitting my goddamn edge up just not getting back Right. It ain't our way back right yet. But I got a lawsuit right now. Just my barber. Y'all thought I forgot about that. I forgot. Go to court next month and I'm gonna fucking win all the bigs I was doing these shows with my ever did look at my shit.


My shit terrible. Y'all laughing. Look at that nigga heads up. That shit hurt me y'all. I was crying when I go to bed at night that y'all laughing at my edge yo. So my barber, he gotta pay for pain and suffering. I got a $45,000 lawsuit. I don't this, I'm on TV and this the way I look. Y'all make it make sense. Shit lying. Y'all trash other day going to Scotty Pippin trash. Justin Chi looking ass. If you had me you better try to get back with Lost boy. Shit she ain't with mjs son no more. Mjs son with who? He with? Shit.


Eddie Murphy XY shit lost single. You better get that motherfucker. People won't take old I go kill shit because you ain't been happy since she left dog Real talk. So we praying for you Sky. I think you on Fentanyl allegedly. But shit, we praying for you man. At the end of the day. Thank y'all for tuning into The Bubba Show. Can't wait to see y'all Saturday. A I mean Sunday after the ball games I'm gonna be, I'm gonna go live Saturday too but Sunday most definitely for the, for the e ball games. We finna find out who gonna be in the Super Bowl. I can't wait. But right now I'm fixing to get out this show and go watch this NBA basketball and get ready for these Lakers.


I'm either I'm gonna be happy or hey I'm gonna be crying but I'm gonna be doing one or the other though. Y'all gonna do the same. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight. I be getting a lot of love in the comments. I appreciate y'all from the back of my heart. And I say this, the reason why I'm speaking up and doing this 'cause a lot of people not in my position. I'm I'm good because I know a lot of my people that's watching y'all not and y'all need a voice because that's the reason why I said what I said. A lot of people won't say it, but I, but they not me and I'm not trying to be no hero or none of that. I just wouldn't let y'all know the real, a lot of y'all already knew about the stuff I was telling y'all, but sometimes you need to hear that shit again to get to get going.


I was only telling y'all this shit and that to get motivated, get it going, get up off your head. Stop waiting on people to do something for you man. Go and do it yourself. You got everything you need now to do it. That's all I'm saying now. Ain't shit equal, ain't none of that. But you got everything to do. You got everything you need to go do shit on your own real talk. And I know y'all hit me up about the, the the the CDLs and, and Brewster. I put it out the Brewster on ig. If you got a felony and but you got your CDL and you trying to get a driving job, reach out to Boss Man Brewster and see what he can do for you. I know he in Texas, I don't know if you outta state how that work, but I'm pretty sure he could point you in the right direction.


He's a head, he's head of the prison reform movement. So anything else you can d me dm me on the bubble dub, my IG bubble dub 94, you can DM me on now. You can check me out on my Facebook Life page, bubble Dub Jr. Any more questions about that against anything in life? I'll try to point you in right directions. I ain't got no motherfucking money, but I have to point you in the right direction. Peace, love. I'm out The Volume.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every Day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen.