
What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar my smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Now You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premieres 24 7 on BET plus with the premium monthly plan. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring and hit original series. BET plus has Culture on lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love.


Thursday Night Football is on and it's only on Prime. Video freaking tackles this week. The Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. This Is what you love to see. Coverage begins with football's best party on TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Vikings and the Rams Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all come on in man. Y'all come on in tonight man. Yeah, Colorado. Yeah, just just be up on Arizona. Yeah Gucci man. Laying everybody off. Yeah, we gonna talk about all that before we even get in that. Go and hit the like button right now. Yeah, you see it? Yeah. Go hit the subscribe button too to my first time users. Thank first time people that's coming over here. Here now. Subscribers. Thank y'all.


Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. This is what we do after the game. We go live. I break the game down. I give y'all my, my, my analyst, my expertise comedy takes on this starting the game out Colorado. Knock the water outta Arizona cactuses today. That's what happened. 34 7. Let me die straight into the game. Noia do. Didn't have a great game but he had the right game. How about that? Two touchdowns. Two interceptions. I know he need to clean they up. He got to play bug than net but overall as a team offensively they was able to run the ball. That's it. A balanced team gonna always win the game.


That's all I'm saying. Travis Hunger still hurt. Jimmy Horn still hurt a little bit. They didn't really do too much but my guy Webster, Lata Webster stepped up, carried the team on his back and carried them the victory. But my game ball, my game ball going to oneself got that motherfucking defense playing like the 2001 Tampa Buccaneers. Now y'all tell me ever since one SAP done came over and joined Coach Prime, that this defense haven't improved. I'm loving what I'm seeing from these defense. They flying to the ball. Y'all saw what today? It's Arizona. I don't give a damn who? It's Martin. I guess they only go to Arizona.


That's what they did. Now y'all told me Coach Prime them wasn't gonna win no two or three games. Well they had five right now. Five and two. Rosa Red Fathers of blue. What excuses you? How gonna make, now I really wanna know what excuses y you what you have to do. Shout out the pass offensive coordinator. What y'all have to do is sit back and analyze who Coach Prime is. Coach Prime is legal. He was the leader of men when you was NFL. Now he's a leader of young men in college. All this man ever do is Excel man. Oh he gonna call the plays. He ain't got two Coach Fry ain't got the call the play.


He got the right people. Now Pat Sherman to call the plays, he brought in some defense with who? Sack? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dion can't teach nobody how to get down there. No three technique. But Warren South dip his skull as can and that's what Warrens doing right now. Oh. I'm so proud of them. And what they got going right now down there in Colorado baby. Even though they play Arizona, even though your best player still hurt two catches, Travis, I'm talking about the best player on Colorado. He was, they was still able to be dominant. And I mean dominant defense has seven motherfucking sacks now that's getting to it.


That's playing ball, that taking girl business everywhere, taking care of business. That's what Coach Prime them doing right now. Taking care of business right now. Man, I love to see, I knew it was coming just by the preparation. Coach Prime have his faith that he has in them players of young guys getting them to buy in. You know there been some players that came there and left, you know? And we know why they left, you know, money and, and you know I don't blame them but if, if you want your child to come and become a man, send them to Colorado baby Real talk.


Send 'em up there with Coach Prime. He gonna teach and he gonna teach em how to get that bag more important. He gonna teach you how to get a bag. Let's be real half of them players that's in college ain't going to the NF. They not motherfucking going. This time we start teaching these kids that you, some of you ain't going that's okay. That don't mean you ain't gonna be successful. We need doctors, we need lawyers, we need firemen. I mean, I mean firemen might not be no high successful, high paying job but you saving lives though fam. You know what I'm saying? I don't see Elon Musk running in no fire saving nobody.


So with that being said, we need more of that in the world right now. And it gets a beautiful thing man. I mean, I mean I know something that hagars eye, we don't care I this and that. They ain't going win nothing. Well that brings me to my next point right here to a team that y'all had high hopes for Alabama. Alabama Trash. It's what They're landfill. Hot garbage, dumpster juice, trash can punch is what Alabama is. That's what they's how he played today. Now I ain't calling the players trash. I could never do that. Alabama got some motherfucking studs over there.


Let's be real. Alabama got some studs but they lost to the Tennessee volunteers. Do you hear me? Peyton Manning, roll it over in Coors like right now. Y'all gonna make Nick say y'all gonna make Nick come out of retirement. Y'all gonna make these SA come outta retirement. 24 or 17 of Tennessee. What the last time Tennessee beat a Alabama. Y'all all y'all motherfuckers already lost the Vanderbilt, Tennessee turned y'all ass up all the way across the board. Some of y'all ain't know Vanderbilt was in Tennessee. Hell like ain't neither. I ain't find that got two weeks ago but I know now what's going on Alabama.


I mean what's going at two lawsuit? Y'all got the same as Colorado. Y'all got the same lawsuit. Put some mother respect on Colorado. Y'all coming up head like I wasn't finna get y'all the business. You a mothering lie. I am. Shout out to Tennessee Young Buck probably running through the city with a shirt out right now with a nipple ring. Boom. I need y'all Alabama fans to come here and make excuses. What I need y'all to do right now. I need y'all Alabama people to come here and make some excuses and talk to me right now. That's what I need y'all to do. But in the meantime, let's talk about Miami.


Yeah, Miami H beat what they did today. Cam a monster. That damn camera a monster. If I'm an NFL team, I'm either taking him or Shado real talk quarterback. Why I'm taking him and Shado first. Whoever get the fresh pick, you better take Cam or Sha New York Giants. I'm hearing y'all want. I heard y'all gonna move Daniel Bones. Oops. I mean Daniel Jones up outta there. If I'm NFL team scouting, I'm going down there to Miami right now and I'm taking a good look.


I'm talking about, I'm gonna have my scouting dude down there the rest of the season looking at Cam and what Cam is doing right now, y'all, it's something special down there. It's a good game too. 4 50, 2 45. Y'all gimme y'all takes on y'all Heman guy right now. I know I had Travis up there, but Travis been hurt banging up the last two weeks and right now what Cam Morgan is doing with 300 passes. Yuck. Seven straight game. I was talking about 300 mother, 300 yards, seven straight motherfucking game. That 20 yards, that 20 yards ball.


And I love to see, I love to see you, I love to see you back on they feet. The people in Miami, they deserve this. All 'em hurricanes going on down through there right now in the city of Florida. Miami, Miami deserve it. Florida State trash. Bobby Bow wrote on this mother grave right now. People wore, wrote over in this mother grave right now. I don't know what's going on with Florida State, but Miami, yeah, I'm liking what I'm seeing from Miami. Y'all I can't lie to y'all man. I'm loving what I'm seeing from Miami. Them, them, them, them young men is out there balling. They're playing the game the way it's supposed to be.


I know Sean Taylor somewhere, somewhere I, I could, I don't like to misplaced people when they pass or where they at, but I know he's somewhere smiling looking at the youth and what they doing. I know Ed Adrian James happy right now with the youth Michael Irvin. I know he's sweating powder all through his pores right now. Shout out, you know I love, you know they say you my pops but never. But shout out to Miami right now man. Saturday day for all my people to just tuning in watching the show man. We want to thank y'all for welcoming y out to The, Bubba, Dub Show. Make sure you get in the comments, make sure you come not on the chat, but make sure you actually get in the comments.


Me and my team was gonna be going through and been look looking at the people who've been rocking with me coming and, and stuff, et cetera, et cetera. And we finna take somebody with me to the Dallas Cowboy game just to Houston, Texas, November the 17th. So my team was going through the comments right now and, and and you know on, not on this video but past videos and we gonna make a decision on who we going to take to the game. We, we gonna have fun on this trip. We'll pay for your flight, your room. You gonna pay for your own motherfucking food though? Yeah, do ain't doing all that do ain't got it like that yet. I ain't got it like that yet. Don't pay for your flight. Your room gonna pay for your own food.


You gonna better to go to the game with me. We gonna be able, we gonna document it and what we do on that, that day will be put into this show as well. So it gets my way of giving back. I'm super excited about that as well. It's a lot going on in in in in the hip hop world right now as y'all already know. Gucci man. Gucci man laying everybody off at 10 17 Gucci Mane woke up say all you motherfuckers got go except for po I and Fuji. Y'all got going nowhere. You know why they ain't going nowhere because they the ones that were making the money. Sometimes you got to get rid of that weight man. That's a lot of us do now man.


We still be trying to hold on the baggage that we should done put in the trash a long motherfucking time ago. That's all I said. Sometimes you got to cut bait before Gucci. Fine everybody. It brought back memories man. It brought back memories to what to when my homeboy come to me crying about how he got fired from his job and I had to console his girlfriend. His girlfriend was historical crying 'cause he got fired. I had to hold him man, like he wasn't there 'cause I had gave him a little change to go out to the bar and you know I I I drove over to his crib while he wasn't there knowing it wasn't there and I had to hold his girlfriend because getting fired is like a death in the family man.


'cause you gonna know what you going to do. You, you know what I'm saying? You gonna know where your next meal or hip gonna come from and me being a good friend, I'm always gonna be there for my bro and it's only right that I was there before him. I mean to be there before him. 'cause I'm kind of like Donie Briscoe at my job. I'm the one who got my partner fired. Like they will come to me and ask me was he doing this, that and the third. And I'm like hell no because I'm trying to get the promotions like they done gave me three promotions in the last three months. Now the pace still the same but I'm steady moving up the ladder. I did what I had to do so I understand what Gucci man coming from. I got to lay some of you motherfuckers off and the pp lay off. Some of 'em are good rappers.


They can rap but you not gonna rap on 10 17 though. And and I respect it. Y'all gotta respect it. It's hard being a rapper. I keep telling y'all that man. Everybody wanna be a rapper. God damn. Can somebody be a CEO? Can somebody be a a and r? Can somebody be a producer? Can somebody be a beat maker? God, everybody that can't rap man


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream the best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in hi original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Hazlett and the Impact Atlanta. Starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dionne Cole and Diara from Detroit starring Diara Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs all ad free with a premium monthly plan. Black Stars legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love. From exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET plus.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I love LSUI continue to take the road teams. I'm a road dog this week we need you to be a little more intimidating with that, with that bark. I'm with you too, but was that not an intimidating bar? That's pretty good. I guess I do the meow for the cats. So I'm a road dog. I'm with you. LSU on the road. I don't think Arkansas's good Tennessee pulled off a a shocker. But you saw Tennessee almost lost at home to Florida. I like LSUI like I think Brian Kelly is finally becoming a a, a southerner for a little while.


He and his have have fit in at LSU and they're gonna get this dub. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast,


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours, but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy.


This is an ad from BetterHelp. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And BetterHelp is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com to learn more. That's better. HE p.com.


I got family members now rapping. Some of 'em get robbed. Some them can't. Some of 'em need to get they motherfucking seat yelled. Some of 'em need to go back to school. Be paramedics or something. Some of 'em need to be veterinarians. Some of 'em don't need to be behind the booth. That's plain as so. But they got to tell them that people don't wanna hurt people feeling man. I don't wanna tell them that hurt their dreams. You ain't hurt nobody. Motherfucking dream man. I know I can't sing. So if y'all see me coming out here trying to sing, hey fam, you know that ain't you fam you know that ain't you. And I'm okay with that. You AEs have to be okay with someone telling you, hey do that ain't your dog.


It's a, you could be a hell of a veterinarian for somebody and still make 150, $200,000 a year. Depends on where you at bro. You can make money outside of being a rapper. You can make money outside of selling drugs man. It's all kind of ways to make money. Elon must showed us that. Jeff Bezos showing us that the guy who owned Gucci and Louis Vuitton. It's, you know, it's one person who own them. Right? Hope y'all already know that. Look him up. You could be all those things man. You gonna have to get in that rapper and have these fake beefs and because when you come a rapper man, you become a target. And for whatever reason, I don't know, I don't like the stigma of rappers, man, you rappers dying man left and right.


They putting on personas. They're acting like they somebody when they really not. Come on man. We we, we gotta stop that more nigga things. We gotta stop that tomorrow night. Got them. Catch me in St. Louis at the Helium Company Club. Grab them tickets. Come see my boy. Come see your boy. I've been seeing a lot of comments. I know it'll be a lot of new users jumping on dub. You ought do standup motherfucker. I'm one of the best rumors doing standup if you ain't seen it ain't me tooting my own horn. I'm just keeping the book because eventually y'all gonna see what I've been telling y'all about what I got online is old. Oh, oh, oh. What you need to do is grab a ticket, come see me in person.


You don't like it, I'll refund. That's how I'm feeling. If you gonna like it, I'll refund. That's just where I'm at right now in my standup game and how I feel coming on that stage. Being confident, telling stories after stories, making people laugh. That's what it's about, man. And and in this, in in today's world because, because we got too much shit going on man. We got too much shit we facing man. Y'all, y'all just don't know man. Like, like Drake future say man, what a time to be alive right now man. Like of y'all not grateful for what you got. Start being grateful and thankful for what you got. We always complain and even me sometimes about the things we don't have, man, I'm just thankful God was able to wake me up this morning.


I was able to kiss my kids, tell my loved ones I love them. Tell my fans I love y'all. Appreciate y'all for coming on this show and helping me. You know what I'm saying Bill? 'cause this show is getting bigger and bigger and bigger. I appreciate the lights going up. The views going up more and more. I go out into the world, people telling me they they love my show. Shout out to my partner Fritz in St. Louis. Thank y'all man. That mean a lot to me. When I walk up and y'all telling me that y'all watching my show, that means more of me. That's why I don't mind taking pictures with y'all and and shaking y'all hands and talking to y'all and listening to y'all ideas. Man. I do all that. Sometimes I be tired, sleepy. But I'm not gonna let that stop me.


I'm still gonna keep doing what I'm supposed to do. Helping people. Like I help a lot of people bro. But I'm not gonna get over here and broadcast it, video it. That's not me. What I do for you in private is what I do for you in private. Now if you wanna make it public, that's on you. But I'm not going do that. I I never bring up what I do for people. I only do that for them ho. Oh yeah I I do that in on them motherfucker. I bill why bill you on your car and you mean to tell me you can't find a you tripping. You better get over here and gimme what I want and I want it now when you take one, when you take one of them blue shoes, shit you ain't to get that phone call. You gonna be mad.


You gonna be motherfucking mad because either your mama or either your home girlfriend to come over here and satisfy me. I'm lie with the main hanging. Yeah you come over here and give what I want. I got some, I can dig all those things for you. You better come over around. What? What I said to say you want to take them first class trips and I wanna work them first class trips. Yeah. Don't you say no tonight. Don't you say no tonight. Oh boy they need to release r Kelly and keep Pete Diddy in and out.


They release Ks right now. I guarantee that album going number one. I'm gonna string the shit out that new album. I ain't bullshit. I miss r Kelly man I ain't bullshitting. You remind me of my jeep. I wanna ride something about my car. I wanna Hey R&b ain't the same motherfuck mo you got out here performing for Pride. I ain't got nothing. I'm just saying take I for the performing for the whole time with no shirt on with baby oil.


Come on fam. Not my Prince, not my Mor Gay. Maybe take Pengra, maybe recipe, maybe Teddy and no take, you know Teddy was dipping and dabbing back then turn off the lights. I know why Niles. I pick Teddy but I know why you want the motherfucking lights off turn off. God. Yeah go on screaming because the mouth somebody got what you got between your legs over there and shit. Damn. Tell the truth Shane to death. Rrb is dead right now. Shout to Chris Brown. He's still doing what he can but, but the man needs some help man. God Release r Kelly Rung.


I on down. He, he get he old rung. I at 95, I need him r Kelly go back in there, get down, down down low three remix something I need. I need some soul music. Y'all back in my life man. I been listening to Young Do all day. That's my motivation. Listen to him. He give me, he give me on my feet, give me ride up then I put on the Nipsey like who y'all listening to right now man, I know y'all ain't listening to, they not like us a hundred motherfucking time with Kendrick tomorrow. I love Kendrick but I'm not listening to that shit all day, every day. I can't do it. I I gotta have future in there, you know what I'm saying? I gotta have Future. Like I say I got do I got Nipsey some Drake, I gotta have a white boy And now Drake got has in fact y'all can say what y'all want say about Dizzy.


Dizzy is him gotta have a little Wayne Mix. A little Wayne in there. Zero got got a bank, Kiki Thugger Sauce Big extra plug got number one album right now. Big Extra Plug got the number one album in the game right now and it is not close. Big Boy Jam. No skips. No skips. Big extra plug Jam Go and get and if you ain't C you need some to smoke, go to Jokes is up and get this. This ain't trash. That's what we smoking on because y'all smoking on that trash dub.


You want to hit this No nigga be wanting you to hit they blunts and they got bumps on their lips. Nigga I don't want that shit. It's a fever blister. That shit been done five months. What kind of fucking fever Blisters be on your little five months? I ain't never seen one of them. Damn in my life nigga you need a doctor. That's what you need a doctor or something. Y'all talk to me though man. How y'all feeling tonight man? Saturday night December the 14th coming up Tank v Lamont Roach. I can't wait to see that bomb fucking fight. I can't wait to see that fight right there. Y'all talk to me man.


Hip Hop Award BET Award Kings tomorrow August of the year. Song of the Year, lyric of the Year, you name it. God damnit he won it and he deserve it. He won just the Goat and Drake and won. He won that fight. But Drake gonna win the war. Y'all can say what y'all wanna say about that white boy? They white boy still number one in Streams. Do you hear me? Still number one in stream now he he dressed different than a motherfucker now. Goofy hang nails. I ain't getting all that shit. Pac wrote over the gray right now. This hiphop shit right now. But I gotta give Al props do man. Drake is him.


Drake is him and anybody watching this show right now.


Then you got a nugget show being presented by prospects going download the number one sports fantasy app in the game right now. Use my promo code as you see down below trash with the two Hs. First time users you put $5 in, they give you 50. So what you need to do when you go and put your $5 in, they give you 50. Put your picks in and meet you. Come game them off. Ain't a fail but get the picks in right now man. Yeah you can put five or $10 in and win 1500. You can do all that on prize pick. I can't speak for them other apps. I only can speak for prize pick what they doing. I'm turning they ass up over that every week I'm winning. Yeah Money going up and if they let them hate then let that money look out.


The 50 man out the 50 cent man me and 50 finna link up man. God is great. God is good man. Me and 50 Finger link up discuss some TV shows. Movie shows. It's amazing how far I come. It's amazing when you put the hard work in, it's amazing when you ain't gotta sell your show man it's amazing. You ain't gotta act like nobody else but your motherfucking self. 'cause I'm original. I'm the original KFC recipe Nickel me. I'm the original Colonel Cerner rolling over this motherfucking grave right now knowing they got a black colonel Sanders right now man. That's the game we done came into man.


And I love KFC chicken. I ain't bullshit Dub love KC chicken tell you some real shit. Best pieces in the world. Little Caesars ain't out no more but you still a bad piece in the world for you. You get your bang for your buck, you get your motherfucking bang for your buck like a bullshit going on. I'm just like to call it like I said but how y'all doing though man? I hope everybody watching this live. I hope y'all doing good. Hope y'all feeling good man. Lot of people something I gotta talk about. A lot of you motherfuckers still be having Covid and still showing up to your little functions with the family.


Stay your sick ass away. You don motherfucking well you can't feel your nose but you gonna come over anyway 'cause they got some food motherfuckers or Uber. Eats. You get, you getting, you getting innocent people sick because you sick. That ain't right man. That ain't motherfucking right and I don't like it and I'm got to call y'all out on that. So if you got Covid and when say you had the tail end of it. Well you know I had it about two weeks ago. I I just wanna know can I show up to your function? Hell no. Stay where you at? Stay your ass where you at? Well since I can't come can you bring me a play by her? Hell no.


Not coming over. I'm not bringing you shit. I'm not trying to get sick. I ain't got no insurance. You know what I'm saying For people who got Blue Cross Blue Shield 2030 copay shit you, you know where it lives. People watching my show. I know I got like old heads on here man. 45 up, 50 up man I've been at your jobs faithfully man. Go to your job, get you a doctor, doctor no doctor street for about two weeks and take two weeks off and sit back and relax and enjoy life man. Y'all working yourself too motherfucking hard man because when you die they ain't gonna do 'em replace you dog or ma'am they ain't gonna do 'em. Replace your black ass or white ass Mexican.


Whoever your ass is, they ain't gonna do 'em and replace you. So relax, enjoy life. This shit short. One day you hear the next day you gone man enjoy your mother life. I can't stress it enough. You watch it now. Hit that light button. You already hit the scribe button too while you bullshit. You know we're going live tomorrow too. You know that football baby, you know I'm going live tomorrow after the game. Yep. Jeff Stevens, you know I got to go live. Russell Sierra Wilson be starting again. You know I got to talk about that. Touch it. Touch it big be ain gonna be in the building. I got to talk about that. Come on now man. Y'all better stop playing with me.


Acting like this show ain't when nigga is. Yeah we here. We finna be number one real soon. I'm gonna start back letting y'all call in and chop it up with me too as well. Man. That's what we gonna be doing. I like to spread love man. My energy is contagious man. Yeah. People with bad energy bad can't come around me. I don't give a who it is. You could be a fine female. Come in the room. Your attitude bad ho. You can talk you. I'd rather bring up ugly bad built ice cream machine built ass female in the room with a great attitude than a five 'em with a bad attitude. I don't like it. I like great attitudes, great energy.


Shout got to Colorado for kicking ass tonight. Thursday Roll tire. Rolling over in they grave right now. Do you keep doing what you do? Everybody that watching my show keep being great no matter what this lie throw at you, no matter what obstacles this world throw at you, you got to keep pushing babe. You got to keep being great. Some of y'all might even better watch this live and you want listen to it. Go to Apple podcast and go to Spotify and type in The Bubba. Dub Show. There I here. Now before I get off here, I finna let y'all know man, you know, we like to end the show with the trash of the day. Trash of the day. Go into roll Pie, trash, peace of mouth love The Volume.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now


looking For a career that challenges you in all the right ways. At CGI, we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business here. You won't just solve problems, you'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life. Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI is where you can have it all ready to level up your career. Visit cgi.com/women to start building the future you've always imagined.


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. you turn on that switch. no one can stop you. for more, check out Bose dot com.


Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with realtime notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get your first month free at Greenlight dot com slash iHeart. That's Greenlight dot com slash iHeart.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.