
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. Turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premieres 24 7 on BET plus with the premium monthly plan. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series. BET plus has Culture on lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks. And new series you'll love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on Prime. Video All the way for the touchdown This week it's a Halloween treat as the Houston Texans take on the New York Jets. What a catch coverage begins with TNF tonight. not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Texans in the Jets Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume. Yeah, good morning. Good morning. Welcome to the Bumper Do Center. Welcome to the bumper Do center where you come and get your daily sports news right here on the bubble. Dub. Show hit the like button right now. Just got off a flight. I was down there in last night. Got my phone on me, just got off a flight man. Hit the subscribe button. Thought I catch y'all this morning 'cause I didn't get to catch y'all last night because I had a show.


Yeah but I'm here now as I promise if I don't go live at night, I'm definitely going live in the morning. Like I told my girl if I gonna hit you with this thing tonight, I'm gonna get your ass early in the morning when you still got the slobbing rolling out your mouth. I still want some. Come on, come on. See I met real women y'all the real woman that's already ready. All I got to do is touch on that breasts. Come on now let's start to show off with them Bad ass Lakers three and no I didn't see it coming. Y'all did see it coming but damn it we here JJ Rigg.


I apologize for him. You look like a real coach. A coach that's drawing up plays in the huddle. A coach that's demanding every single effort from your players. We are seeing it right now with the Lakers. When the last time y'all heard LeBron James talk about playing the whole 82 games? I ain't never heard Brun talking about playing a full season until now. Why he having fun? JJ Red has made basketball fun again for them. Boy. Have you seen Anthony Davis? Have you seen Anthony Davis? What? Balling I know p ds we I see you and I know he on PDs.


I'm bluffing. What I'm seeing from Ad the offense is going through ad LeBron ain't getting the ball holding it 35 damn seconds then making the move and spin Moving and freight training. He ain't doing that. They running they offense and he is looking real damn good right now up there in la. Rob Blinker, I was talking bad about you but for so far these first three games I, I apologize fa him See I'm a real man when I'm wrong I ain't admit I'm wrong but when I'm right I'm right. So now lemme put my coach do hag on What are you seeing from the Lakers dub? I'm seeing ball movement I'm seeing plays our actual offense that's being ran right now.


No it's not a big big sample of nothing but so far, so far it's just three games so far. And what I seen, I seen a team that's rebounding. I seen a team that's passing the ball. Yeah giving up this shot the gig or better shot. That's what we seeing from the Lakers. We seeing Hustle. I'm not saying they playing the best defense right now but I'm seeing hustle from this team. I'm seeing AR 15 balling like shit I ain't the only white boy on this team now we got Dalton Connect ar ain't the only white on the team no more that can bow. That's what I like about this shit. Them white boys Go ahead. Competition Rui aggressive.


Rui is aggressive fucking Lakers that don't do nothing but benefit the Lakers. LeBron like last night, God forbid triple double bowed out 16 straight points in the fourth quarter from LBJ. Yeah caveman years but the man still balling at 39 years old. This man took the game over in the fourth quarter against against a good Sacramento king team. Don't y'all get on here and say Sacramento ain't good. They got S bonus, they got Fox, they got the rose over there, they got Monk coming off the bill. They got Mary Yoder Don't tell me the Kings ain't gonna be in the playoff next year because they ears see what you mad about and what you can't stand right now is that them damn Lakers done Surprise y'all.


Oh yeah Jack Nisson get your old ass up, get your a walker and get your ass back to the games. LA the Showtime is back. You know Showtime back when EJ Johnson at the game Lip gloss everywhere. Oh yeah EJ happy Dodgers winning shit beat up on the shit. You know it's his daddy bad blood team shit when you see EJ running through the streets of LA that mean the Lakers win feeling good and he had 31 pickles last night and I do mean BS Ru had 18 bro. 32 14 10. Angelo Russell had 16 AR 16 don't Connect had 10 you know got big bag as things tomorrow don't run through them two.


We gonna run through rap Sams and Kevin Durant looking at we gonna run through them taking our best too takers and six. I'm taking the all damn best this year too. Some of y'all wondering damn D how many jerseys you got? Why you got on tour or two tour because he's back today and I'm praying for him. It's Sunday. This the only time I pray for niggas on Sunday. Lord forgive me but I'm just telling y'all the truth of today. I gotta be real with my things. I love y'all. I want, y'all know the real me Sundays is the only day I pray for N Monday through Saturday Nimble. I pray for niggas on Sundays 'cause I see Monday through Saturday Sunday the only day I'm seeing I'm on Saint Sundays I'm in church.


I ain't gonna make it today because I ain't got no money but shit, I'll be there next week. I might be broke today but I'm gonna be rich tomorrow. Love what I'm seeing for them La Lakers man. I mean I'm so excited man to see a smile on LeBron face, I'm seeing a smile. I'm seeing them having fun high fiving them boy been going to the movies together going out to eat. They doing every, they smoking together. That's what basketball player ain't smoking when they heels. Yeah I know weed lips when I see one shit boy smoking good in there. They and I'm hearing good news, they finna send Brony ass to the G League. Come here, come get your ass on your game and you ain't coming back into your ready.


How y'all feel about bro going to the G league? What? What's y'all thoughts on that? Because I'm all for it. I'm all for him getting better right now because right now we don't need him. Get your down. Don't work on your handles. Work on your goddamn shooting. Work on your aggressive nigga you, you a left up but you ain't got no damn L spots. How y'all ever seen a lepper with those spots that's running? I feel scared to shoot nigga for what I'm shooting this motherfucker. But every time I get I Dagg, LeBron K man James shit I'm gonna shoot anytime I get the ball. I'm not passing shit ain't I talking cash money shit too nigga.


My bro my daddy. My daddy bro. And that's I'm bru. That's what I'm, shit I go to the G Lee, I'm bru and ball out. I bet I wouldn't pass that goddamn ball down there g Lee y'all nigga let like bro and g Lee hey you heard something? Yep. Had 75 last night, don't give a damn. He take 50 shots to get 75. He better do it. You gotta do whatever you gotta do in life now. Life is too short. You better do what you're doing now. So my old head on here right now, 45 and 50-year-old. You been talking to your little old young Tim but you don't wanna rush it nigga you better rush it because when God call you home nigga it's over sitting around.


I'm procrastinating man. I really want talk to her but I don't wanna rush down shit. I'm rushing everything I get. That's why in the chick I meet on the first night, I'm Hoing come here. I don't even know you. I don't know you Here let's pray about it. Come. Oh you got Sta. I'm on Peds Ho I'm not, not no time soon either so you can stop out all that. Trying to make me feel good about how big my pene is when I know it ain't big. Oh it's big Duh. No it ain't ho you not finna make me come like that. You gonna take this beating Hell let's talk about Coach Prime too. Colorado six and two. Y'all said they wouldn't win three games but Damnit they gonna win six Coach Prime call old ass Peggy now we eligible for the bowl.


Coach Prime done changed the whole atmosphere up to the damn altitude. Ain't the same in Denver no more. Huh? People, white people smiling, waving back, walking they dogs letting the dog lick their eyes cream again. Then they lick it behind them. That's when you know white people happy. When you see white people walking they dogs and smiling and waving before you even see them and giving damn dog lucky ice cream. Shit that's a good time when white folks happy. Shit niggas are safe. And I'm letting you know right now, every brother, every Mexican, every Indian that's in Colorado is safe from my good white people right now because they win watching this live.


You should have done Saturday Sugar didn't hit the like button right now. Should have been in the comments right now. You can't get this shit on ESPN but you can get it right here on the bubble th show. Good morning, happy Sunday. Take your ass to church, pay your tithe, come home, eat your old lady and watch them cowboys tonight. That's what you should be doing but back to Colorado Shado. Why y'all ain't mention Shado and Heisman right now man? 328 passes yard last night. Two TAs no turnovers. 25 for 30. That motherfucker accurate. That's what they tell me. Accurate. That means the offensive line block. That means the run game working had 128 rushing yard last night as a team as a Colorado.


Long as they can keep getting over there a hundred yard more Colorado gonna be tough to beat because you know what he got going the out the running back had 24 car 97 yard. But we'll take it Isaiah, we thank you fam but you know what he got on the outside got big badass Travis home. I don't know where that nigga from but that boy different turning flips, twisting the hips. I know about all that Sit Travis. I don't know about all that twisting your hips and I can't make my hips move like that. I'm a gangster. I just boogie before that. Nine catches 1 58 yard, two T balling. Can't do no respect Travis homie then Jimmy Horn Jr. Five catches 78 yard Daniel Lata, Wester five catches, 56 yard look like a complete team to me and the most the best stack of it all because dub got stashed on this show.


I don't just run my damn my view, I break the game down to you. Colorado was seven for 13 on third down. Anytime you sell for 13 on third down damnit you gonna win. You gonna win. Pat Sharma calling the offense loving. I'm loving what I'm seeing from Colorado right now. I'm loving seeing a man turn a damn a terrible, a terrible organ college organization around in two years. Prime been there two years and already making a difference. Some of you niggas been with y'all holes 10 years and you ain't upgraded them holes yet. Holes got her missing on the side 'cause you're stretching them holes out.


Start putting grease on them holes, scalps head, shoulders on this hole.


Are you ready to have your bacon? Love and mind blown. Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding


These days. Being an adult can feel more overwhelming than it does fun. Any kids out there willing to trade places no worth a shot. But you know who can rekindle the magic of childhood Apple and Eve Juice. We were the first to put juice in a box and 50 years later we're still packing the joy. Our fresh, delicious fruit taste transports you right back to the goodness of childhood. Where afternoons of water balloon fights and rollerblading were made even sweeter by a refreshing sip of juice. And with refreshing juice blends bursting with flavor. It's as good for your kids today as it was back then when joy was yours for the taking. So when the grind dolls your shine, tap your inner child to reclaim it. Sing your heart out in carpool. Play hide and seek in the supermarket. Relive those joyful moments with your kids by shopping Apple and Eve at a store near you. Apple and Eve. Let's kid ourselves.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple and it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types and it's designed to work as a complete skincare system leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin To support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Hidden shoulders on your woman her get in there, wash her hair with her. Stop stressing these damn women out. That's what you doing thinking you a player. You ain't shit got shit in your drawers but you a real nigga. Stop you. You a real shit nigga. How y'all feeling this morning man do feeling? I'm telling y'all man I'm on. I'm on a tie right now. I don't give a damn about going lie because NFL and all them going lie nigga. I'm what you need to see. I'm must see tv not them funeral home makeup that bullshitting. No, y'all wanna hear the truth damnit. I'm gonna give it to you too. And the truth feels primetime haters where you at?


You're missing. But you know what though? Some of the hagers done became fans now and that's okay. Everybody going not gonna start out liking you but it's what they doing in you. Come on y'all. I need y'all to rally behind Colorado right now 'cause they doing what they doing. I'm proud of Coach Prime but I ain't just proud of them. Shout out to roll Tide. Y'all bounce back. Shout out to Alabama with y'all. Bounce back win yesterday. I see you. Y'all gotta let that quarterback do what he do down there in Alabama. Let him do what he do because that's what Nick Saban would do now Nick Saban would let him go. And that's what Nick Saban, that's what you gotta do man. Got your quarterback, you got your wide receiver down there in Alabama.


Got them thick as white girls down there. Y'all sick of them on us. Y'all you know a nigga. Mine weak. Yeah we weak behind their vagina. Some of us, not all but them young boys. They weak behind their vagina. Them white girls too. They are fluffy white girls. Fluffy kind. And that's three things right there for a boy. Fluffy, tender and willing shit. Niggas going down through. Well I know my sisters y'all be trying to get in the mix but them white girls got it sew up down there in Alabama. I'm not bullshiting. I had my girl with me in Alabama, went to Alabama. I seen white girls. I hide my girl. Get your ass away from me.


Shit. A doctor you a CNA. That's a big difference. Yeah you got ass that's cool and all but you ass broke. She ain't got no ass but she got money. What gotta tell you dub all about the money today. That white girl got insurance, real insurance. I can go to the doctor, I'm well covered over him. Her insurance, all State come here. They got health and bury insurance. The whole family they got wheels most of all on Thanksgiving. They got some shit that Dub been wanting to taste for years. Stole top stuffing. I can't wait.


I can't wait to go to this white Thanksgiving shit. I got already got my own season with me 'cause I know them white people ain't seizing they damn food. Don't worry about it Ricky. I got my own seasoning right here. That's a lot of salt. Ain you mind your goddamn business. But I tell you what, you give me nine months you feel Bill Grandpa I'm going down through there when your dog fam. Damn Right. And I hope it take your height 'cause I'm short but if it take my jeans shit it's on Heather. I like this guy here. He's interesting fell You damn right I am. Come on. I back and this smoke some of this. This ain't trash fam. I know you smoke.


Lemme put you on what I got. Hey you walking around here, you trying to get in Devo chicken coop. I got the gas. If you in LA holler jokes is up come get you song. Damn right. Damn. Yankees can't beat the Dodgers for nothing. Them damn Dodgers figure win it. Damn right now don't worry about the LA don't worry. I mean I mean don't worry about it. New York if you wanna come back and win this damn series, you better bring them damn rats to this game. Let them damn rats. Call them signal. Start messing with the lights. Start doing something because y'all ass finna to be outta left.


Oh yeah. Y'all didn't know do cover baseball. I covered all my boy got hurt. Show your turn. He could messed up his shoulder. Oh that's the bag of Japan play. Hel show your turn. Shit he can pitch and he can pitch and hit the ball. Yo. Yankees better wake your ass up or it's about to be over then. You know right now it's about to be over Sunday NFL football today. Texas playing the coach Cowboy got the 49 ERs a night nigga whole 49 a team hurt. I'm looking for the cowboy to run through the 49 ERs a day. I'm just being three. I'm calling in right now.


If you're watching this show I'm going live after the Cowboy game too. But the score gonna be 34 of three Brock per Brock trash. Yeah, you big bad 49 fan. Y'all been in my coming section since I've been doing this podcast. Bring your ass here. Bring that ass here boy. In DC Young Fly boys bring that ass here boy. Figure show y'all while we a miracles team now we might not win nothing other game rusting as you but tonight we beating the fo ass. Yeah we gonna do the hype on y'all.


Yeah you smell me? Yeah he fought voice Foy water. Sprinkle me, sprinkle me, sprinkle me man. Sprinkle me, sprinkle me, sprinkle me man. Man how y'all doing this morning man? You should be in the chat right now. Talking shit hollering at you boy. Man. Now let me get my coach dub sip me on if I'm the Dallas cowboy, what's the first thing I do today? The first thing I do today If, if I'm a coach of the Dallas Cowboy, I gather Dak Prescott bring him in with me and my, my, my coaches and we get on our knees and we pray to God Lord bless this nigga on. Bless this nigga mine. Bless this nigga feed if, if I Mike McCarthy.


That's what I do. I bring Dak in a room. I have a mag out, you know what I'm saying? On the floor Like like like I'm Muslim or something and I get down and I pray to God my heavenly Father, dear heavenly Father, we come here this morning. We just want to thank you Lord Jesus. We just want to thank you for waking us up and touching us with the finger. Love this morning Lord. We just prayed that we have a game today. We pray everybody stay healthy. Nobody get injured. But Lord I'm I'm praying to you. I I I'm gonna come to you on a different prayer Lord. I'm praying that this quarterback that we gave 260 million guaranteed to Lord I pray he had a vision of Peyton Manning. Ooh, I pray he could have a heart, a Tomb Brady and some games.


Let him have a feet a Lamar Jackson. But Lord lemme tell you right now, if this young man don't come out here today and play like he supposed to play, I'm gonna kill you. That's my prayer. Damn. You better run them damn routes. You heard what Troy said. You like your route game Lazy jogging at the nigga come come out the box like you're running track. Same way I like my girl on her knees like she begging. Get on your knees baby. Like you beg you wanna go to the fair? Yeah I wanna go see you.


Get on down there. Do what? I not tricking you ever see bubble dub at the, I'm tricking and I'm not And I'm not ashamed of it either. Y'all can't shame me for that. D be tricking and do and fucking do. I'll buy one of these big headed lace front holes, some nachos and me and her kids. Y'all play game shit. I got it. You $500 y'all go play games thrown and get thrown and run. Have fun, eat all your want the kids to get full. Eat everything. So when they come back to the house they going to bed.


That's when she come in the room. Ooh I'm tired I be down. You better get but naked Africa but naked. Why? Because I'm laying up in the bedroom on hard damn off them Bluetooth. Come on, come on. I'm walking into kneecaps now. I'm feeling good. She your kid sleep belly full and your kid belly ain't never been that full until I come around. Your son was a hundred pounds. I come through now he one 50 now he a football player thanks to me but I don't wanna take the cricket for that door. I don't wanna take the cricket for that door. He was playing as Spalding now I got him in the Dion Cleats now he think he Dion. I I'm just saying I know he got a daddy but I'm his, I'm I know he got a father but I'm his daddy.


I put them Deon on your son feet. I helped that nigga learn how to read. I didn't help him have my sister come through 'cause I can't really read. But damn it, I brought in ager and this the motherfucking thinks I get. All of a sudden your son doing good football, you wanna come around now and be a Dagg nigga? I be damn you finna go somewhere? Yeah you go. You ain't finna come here and take my credit. That's what's wrong with people man. Yeah they, they'll let you do all the work. They come here want to take the credit from you. I'm not going let you do it. I'm not gonna let you do it. I can change your son's life. I can change your baby mama life. She will eating chicken salad every damn day.


She don't eat chicken salad no more. She eat crab ledge now with Di Dipped in Buckle. Dipped in Buckle. She didn't have a car, she got a car now I went out and got a 2005 Altima. They got airplane miles. But who gives a damn? She got a running car. She got brand new car seats when we got me from my sister, she had her kids. She gave, she passed them on down. But they still good though. Got the new Jades coming from. She she, I can change this whole girl life. Ain't nothing like going to the projects. Find one of them sets in, they hold and change they motherfucking lives.


This whole ain't ain't used to nothing but eating rot tail dip every day. Not with me. We can go Golden Kar baby.


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank under the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding


These days. Being an adult can feel more overwhelming than it does fun. Any kids out there willing to trade places know worth a shot. But you know who can rekindle the magic of childhood? Apple and Eve Juice. We were the first to put juice in a box and 50 years later we're still packing the joy. Our fresh, delicious fruit taste transports you right back to the goodness of childhood. Where afternoons of water balloon fights and rollerblading were made even sweeter by a refreshing sip of juice. And with refreshing juice blends bursting with flavor. It's as good for your kids today as it was back then when joy was yours for the taking. So when the grind dulls your shine, tap your inner child to reclaim it. Sing your heart out in carpool. Play hide and seek in the supermarket. Relive those joyful moments with your kids by shopping Apple and Eve at a store near you. Apple and Eve. Let's kid ourselves.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty. The famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple and it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 point 95. That includes our introductory five piece system. Free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com


Thing. Go garage. Five star restaurant. Who am I? Tell any difference. We can go channels, roll house, get the rolls. We can go with chilies grills, we can go to Applebee two for 20 mil. I'm so you get, oh you get some knives man. You can really, you spa me and do and do. And the reason I do it 'cause of that tho that damn throat so good. I leave Santa Claus milking cookies on the table for Christmas knowing we got roaches. I leave it in that way. A good throat sheet. I'm telling you God. Love today. Good morning, happy Sunday to y'all if you new girl.


Thank you. Thank all my new subscribers man. I really do appreciate it. But let's get the likes and views up to where it need to be because y'all ain't getting this shit nowhere. Let's be honest. Let's be honest.


If you're watching this show then you know this show being presented by Prize Pick. Yeah, don't use my promo code trash right down at the bottom with the two H's. Man. First time users, you put $5 in, you get 50 instantly man. Don't over there more or less on your favorite players. That's it. More or less on your favorite player. Man. Can't beat it if you can't watch my show. All you can do, if you at work and you, you want, all you can do is listen, go to apple Podcast Man or go to Spotify and type in the bubble Do show and here I am, Bubba do, Bubba do say my name like Candyman Damnit. Here I am, come in to Philly soon fam, next year I'm gonna go on and make this announcement next year. I ain't supposed to make it but I'm gonna make it Next year I will be on the we of the Warrens tour. I made it. Man, I can't tell you who all on the show, but I will be on the we of the Warrens tour. And you if you know, if you follow that you then, you know who was on that show last year? Well I've been adding to that show. I wanna thank y'all. First of all, I wanna thank God. I wanna thank y'all man. What got y'all want. None of this be possible And what I'm doing, I could talk to y'all man. First of year mean 50 cent got something in the works, man. I'm working. I'm grinding man. I'm trying to get this show. I'm trying to get I'm I, I really want my show that y'all alone watching that. I want it to be one of them mornings and it takes time. It take patience. We gonna get there. We gonna get there.


But one thing I wanna ask y'all about, man, how y'all feel about Dirk? Do y'all think it's over for Little Dirt? Man y'all get in the comment section. Let me right now. Do y'all think it's over for Little Dirt based on what the evidence that the feds has got and what they presented and the video I made the other day, it went over some people head. I never make fun of people when they down. 'cause one day I could be down. That's not how I think. That's not how I operate. But all I was simply saying is, you worked so hard. Some of y'all that probably been to the prisons or been been in the slumps, now you're doing better. Why go back. Why go back. It's the people around you. No dirt make its own decisions. But sometimes the people around you can influence you to do things you shouldn't be having to doing.


You ain't got no business allegedly hiring somebody to go and take care of that. You ain't you. You got to be far away from that. God has blessed you tremendously to live a lifestyle. Most people won't ever be able to live. You can't fall for the Okie dope. That's that devil trout man. He killed your boy. You gotta come back. No I don't. Jesus Say turn the other cheek. That's what God turn the other cheek. Now you can make all the songs in the world. All my life. That's what you might be getting all my life. I pray to God some kind of way man. Ain't none of this shit true. But if it is, he gonna get what he deserves man.


'cause everybody lose not only dirt them the the victims family loss Kondo Rondo, he scared then a motherfucker. I don't blame him. Oh y'all man. Man your actions man your actions down. Nothing do all kind of last night man. A good time man. Niggas got the organ you think. Do finna sit around and see what this going lead to? Oh no do left. I don't give a damn. I look at it on the nose about what happened. I'm not nosy.


See that's the difference between us and white folk. Niggas get to arguing. We know we jump out. Why people be around? My nigga I got stand. Look, that's how you get shot Billy. That's how you get shot in your ass. Time to be nosy. Stay your ass out black. Stay your ass out of nickles business. Black people and niggas is different. Niggas don't have a color. Its attitude and character. Never forget that. So white people stay out nickles way. I'm scared of nickles. I'm scared of black people. I'm scared of nis. My nephew. I told y'all it's a nickel. I'm flying home trying to get to this show. My nephew, oh, I need 1500 nigga.


I ain't finna give you 15. I need 1500 now. Nick. I sent it to him. I know I ain't gonna never get it back. But I ain't gotta worry about nobody bothering me either because I know Nip gonna go down through that for uncle. I'm not bullshitting you. Lemme call Nip right now. I got a problem. He on the way. He on the way. And that's the way we gotta be for one another. When one another is down, we gotta pick him up. Man. Some people in your life right now down and you in the position to help them. Help them. May not be monetarily. It could be mental health, physical help.


People be going through depression, people going through shit each and every day. Whoever watching the show, if you're going through something, don't give up. I've been there. I wanted to get this shit up six years ago. I was done with it. I got stuck it through. I stuck it through. If I can do it, you can do the same shit. Man. If I can do it, you can do the same shit. Keep your head up and keep pushing and don't stop. We all got goals. We all gonna reach 'em too. We all gonna watch our kids grow old too. We gonna become grandpas. I know I got some grandpas on the show. I know. It feel good to be a grandpa to see your bloodline continue. I know it do for us young nigga. We want, we want, I wanna be able to see my kids grow old man.


Yeah, that's what it's about. Show he knows what he saw and you. Hell no. If you're watching this show, we do something called a hell no Segment. Motherfucker puts you on game. Somebody could ask me will I bet against Coach Prime? Hell no. Hell somebody could ask me. Am I'm betting on the Dallas Cowboys tonight? Hell no. Somebody ask me do I drink, do I drink BSOP? Hell no. I don't drink no bsp. Careful back drinking water again.


Yeah, I'm back drinking water. Love trying to get healthy. Finn. Start eating salads. Finn. Start eating fish. Finna start eating my girl after 7:00 PM Damn right. Changing the time up on my A. Yeah. 7:00 PM is when I'm gonna start eating my girl. Y'all better do the same. Y'all niggas around here. I'm mad now. All day Bullshiting girl gonna told you take trash out. You ain't taking trash out. You don't wanna listen to her. All of a sudden she started going out. She going out getting that meat and it's season too. It's one thing for your girl. Cheat on you nigga. But if the nigga meets season you, I ain't bullshit you outta there.


See you used to come my somebody be hitting with that girl Campbell. Hell, y'all, you know what the Oscar, she don't want that no more. She won't think Earl count. She want that Texas link. You damn right. She won and she'll fight to get out the house for it too. Lie, cry. You let go nowhere. You don't do nothing. What you do man? Gone. I ain't tripping. Stay here with the kid. She go out there and get slow. That's what happened. She'll go out there and get slow and by at night. You touching on it. Don't tell me she already done been touched, nigga. I'm telling you now, nigga. Hitting in, the nigga hitting in the heart with it.


Nigga. Hitting your girl in the heart with it. Ain't nothing you can do. Aint happened to me. Most of y'all. She I'll leave her. I didn't. I ain't have nowhere else to go. So when my girl was cheating on me, I get stuck in hell. Tough love. Fuck. I prayed to God. Something nice when she leave that nigga, man that this meat don't get hard. Me, I'm a hell. I'm a ha like that. I don't care. I'm a hell big. Hell, I ain't gonna trip. Just telling you how, how I feel and how I operate. You wanna cheat on me? I hope that nigga meet. Don't get hard. I hope you don't get no agamous either. Hope it's the worst sex ever.


Got me at the C crib. Watching. Watching you bad ass kids jumping up and down watching the Prince family every five damn minutes and you out there having a good time. Oh, it just me and my homegirl you a motherfucking Liar. I know you with that tall nigga by six five. I know what nigga used to ball back in high school. He ain't shit now, but he hitting her with that Earl camp. Thank y'all for tuning into The, Bubba, Dub, Show. Man. I'll be seeing y'all again tonight after the Cowboys versus the 49 ERs game. I will be going live tonight after the game.


I'm home. I'm up. Let's get ready to rock and roll. Hit the like button if you ain't already hit. Hit the subscribe button. Get in the comments section. If you ain't never watched one of my shows and you your first time, I know you on the phone texting somebody. Now y'all gotta check this guy Bubba out and for my white people watching. Yeah, it's Bubba. Oh, I like old Bubba Bubba. Keep it 100, don't it man. He call it like this. He be calling old Lakers trash. He be calling them. Can't call everybody trash. I like the feather. I like y'all too, Baby. Peace. I'm out. The. Volume.


How crispy are the new deli? X crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli X crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli Max Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Catch the new original Hulu documentary Road diary Bruce Springsteen in the E Street bed When The world shut down. I made a promise that if we got through this, I'd throw the biggest party I could. Variety calls Road diary, a soulful celebration. And the New York Post raves a genius at work. Can't disappoint the fans, can't do that. Road diary now streaming on Hulu and Disney Plus


Looking for a career that challenges you in all the right ways. At CGI we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business here. You won't just solve problems, you'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life. Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI I is where you can have it all ready to level up your career. Visit cgi.com/women to start building the future you've always imagined


With Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances, and with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This added is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by yourself securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who were not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.