
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.


Hey everyone, it's Ted from Consumer Cellular, the guy in the orange sweater, and this is your wakeup call. If you're paying too much for wireless service, you don't have to keep having that nightmare. Consumer Cellular has the same fast, reliable coverage as the leading carriers for up to half the cost. So why keep spending more than you have to Seriously wake up and call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com savings Based on cost of consumer cellular single line one, five and 10 gig data plans with unlimited talkin text compared to lowest costing online postpaid, unlimited talk text and data plans offered by T-Mobile and Verizon. January, 2024.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best the filet fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu Limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Bottom


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity. We feel way more confident and secure in our finances. And with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This data is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


The volume We back y'all had technical difficulties. I apologize man. You know it's weather down here in Ace Town. Is is is it? It it just crazy man. But I'm gonna give y'all time to get back on though man. I'm gonna give y'all time to get back on right quick man. So we can get to this man. We going to get through the storm today. Yeah, we're gonna get through the storm today. So like I say, welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. Welcome all my new subscribers.


Thank y'all for coming over to The. Bubba. Dub. Show for sports meets the culture world. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Appreciate the real ones in the back. I know y'all talking noise right now but wifi trash and it is, it supposed to survive a storm but nevertheless gonna keep the show right back off. Talking about CGE Lamb just signed a four year, $136 million deal. Missed all the training account. Didn't get to jail with none of his teammates. We in trouble in Dallas. I'm saying it right now. We in trouble. We dig all that just to pay him. Come on Jerry. Four year hundred $36 million young man making over $34 million a year.


He deserve it. CD Lamb is one of the best wide receivers in the NFLI him this year. We go three and 14 being real. If we didn't sign cd we going three and 14. True story. But we signed him. Okay. He still ain't in football shape yet. I don't give a damn dang how much he done worked out and I don't see he ain't in football shape yet. Now he gonna get in, get in shape on the field as he playing. You need to be out there gelling with Dak. Dak ain't the greatest of all quarterbacks now. Now if Im owner, if I'm a coach, if I'm a coach I'm gonna the owner, I'm gonna Jerry Jones, look here fam look girl, stop shaking 'cause you're starting to make me shake.


Jerry, listen to him. Sign him now Don and give him what he want so we can get this so we can get the job done. Now they wanna play the game. Every owner in the NFLI would wanna play games with these player. Oh man we, we, we, we, we can't come to a a a A deal right now so we just going wait it out knowing you gonna pay him anyway. We should have been done paid cge now you done pay cd, not d want his money. I don't know what dad going want but he but he gonna want a whole lot money for some stuff he ain't to me earned yet. When I say earn I ain't talking my regular season. I'm top my post season every year and I said it earlier every year us fans, we go out, we go to these Mexican meat markets and buy that cheap ass meat 'cause it's good but it's cheap.


And we go out there And, we barbecue lys, ribs, brisket, chicken booga buy liquor, SOGA buy all these football hot as hell. We musty out there in them cowboy jersey. Yeah. Smell like wet old paint. That's what we smell. But look, we spending all this money on the cowboy and they ain't giving up what we want. We want some hardware, we want ring toe. But Jerry, you hear what Jerry is said, he ain't find nobody else to run the team yet. You a damn lie. Anybody can run this team better than you. Hell Stevie Warner can see that. But us fans though, we blind.


We I know I'm blind. I ain't gonna lie for the last 10 years I'm thinking we gonna win a Super Bowl every year. That's me. I gotta stop lying to myself and that reality sink in. We ain't doing a me me don't bring back Zeke. Who the he ain't gonna be a fool. And five years ago Zeke, that we need, we need balance on that outfit. We need to be able to hand that mother off. Get me five yards fam. Who on our team right now that can go and give us five second and six. Who can go and give us five?


I dunno. Is it Dee Von? I don't know but I know who it ain't re Lance Trash. Y'all seen him in the preseason game Five picks and y'all talking about he ain't pla enough. He league five years. How much more do shit do we need to see? I ain't seen him enough. I want Cooper Rush. I know Trey Lance can run the ball but he can't throw a damn yard. Yeah he can run it all over but he can't throw a yard. God forbid if that go down we in trouble y'all. I'm letting you know right now. I ain't never done it but I'm I, 'cause I, I'm a cowboy for life but I will switch teams in the first quarter if things get bad.


I'm not bullshitting. I'm not waiting the second half to switch teams. I switched teams first quarter because I don't like what I'm singing. I don't. Y'all getting the comment section right now. Let me know what y'all think about that. Was Cowboy finally finally signed and CD to this contract? Should they done it earlier or y'all liked the way it played out? Talk to me. I'm in the coming section with y'all right now. Talk to me man. Zika third dime back at Bitch. Okay Third Dime. Okay my first D And we wanna hand it out. What I second now And we wanna hand it off. We need some, we gonna put Duke is de So should Deuce VN be starting is the question should Deuce Von be starting is what I wanna know.


Y'all talk to me because I don't know because I feel like every owner, I always wait till the end of training camp to sign somebody go sign now he got number one. I don't know nobody else from that cowboy receiving court besides Brenda Cooks and he ain't damnit. You want a rock star be a star. Should dudes run Star. I really wanna know all y'all still feel like Zeke is still better than Dudes run. I don't, I don't know if they didn't want your motherfucking ass in new, why the hell should we want you?


They definitely need to run it back quarter back offensive line. They need everything in New England. If they don't want you, why in the hell do we want you? I need some answers today. I need some answers. I'm looking. Yeah we we talking about that. We know Dak is a good regular season quarterback. I call him damn Marino but even damn Marino got to a damn Super Bowl. Dak ain't got us no damn worth but to the first round. Been lost after fucking lost. I'm sick of losing.


I'm sick of losing. And he won 60, 70 million in year. Never poll gone your poll but the Titans, he up there with young buck. He up there with young buck right now. Yeah, that's what up. Throw a young buck eat, eat, eating brisket make no sense to me man, I I don't, I I really, I'm glad they finally signed him but they could have been done handled a business man.


I don't understand man. Like, like Seeley probably been wanting the four year $136 million did and Jerry Jones just been stalling. Just stalling and stalling and stalling and stalling knowing you were gonna pay him anyway. Don't make no sense to me. No over the weekend y'all seen the champ. Y'all seen my boy Floyd fight. John got in the third. I know y'all seen it but something interesting really happened in that fight. Floyd threw a punch. John got it. Duck Floyd ended up hitting him. The ref saying he hit him behind the head. Floyd Mayweather fired the ref nigga of a fight. I ain't never seen no sh like that in my life.


I had to call Floyd myself. I say fam you got too much power to fire ref. And during I I somebody talk to me right now. Have anybody ever seen where a fight or fired a ref in the middle of the fight. I ain't never seen it any dig in Miss. They said they were chalupas out in that damn parking lot. They say they were chalupas all in that parking lot. Lord them fired the rail all because he didn't like what the ref said. He hit him behind the head. Somebody explained this shit to me right now. Somebody explained to me why the people that I'm looking in the coming steady hating on Floyd.


Man that was a boring fight man. The man is retired made 15 to 20 million off this exhibition fight. Why is y'all mad at this man? I don't get. Why you mad for somebody to get money? What kind of world we living in? Somebody talk to me man. Somebody talk to me. Them Mexicans down there mad. Right. Still motherfucking but y'all don't like Floyd though. But you still going to the motherfucking fights and watching them though. Hey Holmes, you, you bega. No, no you bega doing Floyd Dude get that money.


I gotta get my money and to my messages you know I love you but I was just to Oklahoma in Tus. I seen a 12-year-old boy in a damn stroller. Stop it. You gonna get ass and let him run around and kick a soccer ball. That damn boy older than messy. What's that soccer play? A messy, that damn little Mexican boy older than messy isn't that damn in that damn stroller. Love my Mexican but that shit need to stop. Nigga can go work at home Depot right now.


Y always talking about us eating watermelon and shit. Hell stop getting them old ass babies in them stroller man. And say the drug a drug king of a cartel and a damn stroller strolling through. I better stop it sick of this stuff man. How y'all feeling today man? How y'all feeling about Champ? Right Champ done hit them for 15 to $18 million again. He get on the phone and talk to me shit duh. It ain't nothing but a highway robbery. I keep robbing the bank. Guess what he doing. If I can get to that age and go and get me 15, 18 million whenever I want, hell you would do it too.


Matter of fact, I'm sick of the hate man. He's still fighting for money but when your employer offer your funky turtle breath ass eight on $25 an hour for overtime, you working it. You know I ain't lying. You got a nine to five right now and your job a lie overtime and they, your overtime paying you 25 or $30 an hour. Your ass working overtime. Matter of fact you gonna show up earlier than you normally do because I used to do it but y'all got something to say about this man getting money sick of it. Gotta do better next do what he do.


He ain't gonna do get some money, buy him some jewelry, get him some new hoes, get 'em you know some clothes and and a couple of cars and then then he gonna do it all over again six months. I ain't mad at that. I can't be mad at that shit. Tell y'all a story about Mean champ. Mean Chimp Go Dubai two store we go Dubai mean Champ go shopping. I can't can't make it up. I go and spend $8,000. Floyd spent 80,000 before you know it before we leave the Gucci store he come up behind me. Hey Doug, we going to the Louis Vuitton store next and do it all over again. I'm not doing that shit.


I'm ready for you to take a so I bring this shit true story. Chase was blowing my mother phone up. Unusual activity. Jerry Morgan is this really you? I'm pushing no what the hell I'm gonna do what I'm doing in Dubai. Y'all know I ain't never been to Dubai. This ain't me I been hacked. Why I don't hang with him Floyd like that no more too rich for me gonna buy everything. No mother lemme buy my own food fam. Lemme me, lemme be, lemme impress somebody sometime Champ two motherfucking rich.


Shaq won't call me won FaceTime me, I'm mad Shaq, I ain't talking to Shaq right now. Y'all y'all can tell him said I ain't talking to Shaq right now because he wanna FaceTime me and show me all the calls that his big black alley cat as bad hip ass, bad foot tricking as can't even get in showing him me a Ferrari. He can't even fucking figure in it. But I can send it to me. I'll be riding all through FaceTime in that damn Ferrari. Top down everything shirt off. I ain't tripping. I rock. I threw the secret. Might even put some WR on it. Come here sick of them rich people man.


They don't know how to act too rich. I go around And, we go out to eat, they arguing $3,000 stinks. Shit I take a salad, I'm saving my money. I ain't spending shit. I'll take a salad. I'm spending no on no damn meal. I be damn. I'm gonna give a damn Kim dancing at the table. I'm not trying to impress that fucking pee Ray said it stink. I believe him but I'm still gonna eat it though. If the opportunity come my way. My daddy always told me clean my plate don't read nothing. I ain't get what? Damn what Kim k Kim K smell like come here.


I hold my nose. Come here now I'm keeping up with the Kashian. I'm like y'all keeping up with dub now. Y'all wouldn't know Kim Kardash don't know she coming to going. She get with me. I'm gonna put on them thirties. Come here. I feel good Bubba. I know you do now lay down. Ray ain't never gave it to you like this. I know he didn't because he can love you. I do shit. I ain't used to nothing like this. You got that laser on you, you ain't wax, you ain't got, you ain't got razor bump. You got that laser time.


My men know about them lasers ain't nothing, no nothing. And her find like a frog ass. Come here D I'm going d I'm going to the mama neck. Come here. Bring your old ass here. You think I'm gonna do you in between them seats. You a liar. I get in that mother run up in Kim. KK Mama Shit. Chloe next Kardashian. You messing with Travis Barker. He on the dark side. Come to the light side. I ain't gonna do all that tying you up in rich crap. Shit. I'm gonna give you this Kristen Meat. Come here home night 'cause I'm on hundred pack shit.


Don't you get tired. Never Rich as they is them big ass houses. I'm like a kid. I'm running through the house all each day. I ain't sleeping. I don't wanna miss nothing. Shit. I'm jumping in they swimming pool. I'm pissing in that pool shit. I got to sew my dumbness over him.


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


Hey Guys. Doug Gottlieb here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making the now perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new truck, like a rugged half ton tundra. Combining raw capability with premium comfort and advanced tech to fuel your wildest adventures. Or check out our fully redesigned Tacoma delivering trail dominating power and captivating style. The new Tacoma was born to make your off-roading dreams come true. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine wash just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Bottom up


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


What's Kim Kardashian brother name? What's his name? Somebody getting to come and tell me Kim Kardashian brother name. I'm jumping on him. First time I meet him, bye. I'm the big dog over here now. Yeah. Bruce Young. Ain't Bruce Young no more. He Caitlyn. So I'm the man of the family now. Kanye ain't there. Kanye lost his marbles. I bigger a man in the Kim Kardashian family now. Yeah. Travis Scott ain't around. I'm Kylie. You're don't matter. I'm gonna make love to him. I'm making love to him. I survival.


I survival. Sometimes you gotta do things outta survival. I'm fucking out of fear because I don't wanna go back to the hood. I I wanna stay up here in these hidden heels eating caviar, octopus. Yeah, that's what I wanna do. Role playing during sex. You don can't role play with these Les. No. Oh thank you. Up to so mm ain't doing all that. I ain't in there all freaking shit. Them holes up there dressing up like cat. Robs come. I'm the rob ski mask when I come and get you. Hell don't you fight it either. Just let it happen.


Damn. Hold up black women no more. Role play. Think you crazy. You try to role play with one of them And. we been watching porn. Yep. I ain't doing all that somebody is doing but you waiting on getting them put that costume on. It ain't gotta be Halloween. Why you ain't come yet? Don't worry about it. I'm trying to please you. You trying to please me. Don't worry about that. Ask too many motherfucking questions for me. The light paid? Yes. Rent paid. Yeah. Car no pay. Yeah, open up. Open. Why? And trust. You can't trust them. You need to start sleeping with them with the lights on. Back in the day, long time ago, long, long time ago I had a female right getting ready to do my thing.


Woo. She opened up her lid. That cat looked like one of them fishes on River Monster. I swear to God. Scared the shit out me. I, I gotta go put my clothes on and calm my mama. I need forgiveness. I'm out here sleeping with river monsters and that mother opened up just kept opening and opening and scared the shit out me. They ain't look like a pet cemetery. What's to matter? Shit that cat, that's matter ain't That's a puma. That's a puma. Full grown too.


Leave a stench on your mustache or full grown Puma cat. Y'all know about them S stitches after you done got you son, you ate you son. You ride home feeling good. You smelling the tip of that. You you know I ain't lying. You can smell it for two days. Shit. Y'all know ain't lying. That good you can smell it for two. Hey yeah baby shit I can still smell you. I here real ago. I ain't lying. That's that good sex too. That's that. No condom sex too. You should practice no sex. Start my own head. Practicing no sex. You not doing all that.


Switching gears. I know y'all seen that fighting that casino. Did y'all see old boy whoop them two niggas. Bow, bow, bow, blood went everywhere. Lemme tell y'all something. If a nigga ever whooped my ass like that in public in a casino in front of my jail, you best believe when I come to my senses I ain't doing no talking. I'm not doing none of that. When I see him bow, oh God you can be like a high school football game. Bow man he put hand pulled him to sleep. Dude couldn't even get up. His girl trying to, that's one thing to get knocked out in front of your girl.


But it's one thing to keep trying to get up and keep falling down. Give them the business. Look at this, they out. They don't even know what they is. They think it's Saint. Hit him again. Come, come look. Ain't holding it eye. You get look at this girl on the ground wrong. Look at her look she can't even give up. Look at him. Look at him pushing this girl and all that. You think I'm finna fight? He he look at me, he don't know where he at. He think he gonna undertake her shit. Bye. I'm not playing when I come through but be, don't be in my way.


How y'all feel about that man I'm telling you man. A dude put hands on you like that. Not in front of your girl, your homeboy. I'm talking about in front of the world and he steady talking like he a do again. Alright bitch I know I can't get you with that. I know you feel, feel me? And if I don't get you with this, you going to jail. I'm pressing charges on a situation like that, that was assault. That man don't even need to be on the streets no more. If you ask me y'all laughing man. He whooping it. That ain't funny. When you are on the other end receiving something like that, damn. When you're getting beat up like that, there's one dude beat up two guys.


Man that mean that dude got hands. He's serious. He he, he well known with these. I'm gonna be well known with the pow call me a cow, call me whatever you want. But won't nobody be putting they hands on me like that no more. I bet you that but old school say you can't pay nine niggas in the city to drive me telling you that hurt man I ain't never seen nothing like that. Then switching girls college football for Colorado Buffalo fucking play the North Dakota state. Who you got?


I've got Theor going for over 375 yard passing four touchdown no picks. 85 yard rush. I got, I mean Colorado Buffalo winning this game this Thursday night. I can't wait. Everybody watching Coach Prime. Most of the people not saying y'all but you know, you know who I'm talking about. They wanna see Coach Prime fail where a man of God can never fail. Let me say that again. Coach Prime is a man of God. A man of God can never fail So you can tune in all you want and hope and wish that he don't win but he gonna win. You see Warren as defense, they better than last year.


Like I told you Warren coaching for, he ain't the same self he was in Tampa Bay Super Bowl winning champ. He gonna lost of that money to them holes and divorces back against the wall. SAP coaching for live. When you get to a certain lifestyle you wanna continue to live it. You don't wanna come down some that's okay. It happens but you don't wanna come down. See I'm trying to get back up there. See I like to fish you a salt fish there. He like to get out there on that ocean. You watch that motherfucking D-line this year and that ain't even my concern. My concern with Colorado is that offensive line. I'm gonna need y'all to protect.


I'm gonna need you motherfuckers to protect and I'm gonna need your door to show that rolly each and every motherfucking week. I wanna see Rollie. That's what I want. See the Rollie Paul fire bomb. You been talking about Coach Prime all motherfucking summer. Why? And there's plenty other more coaches you could talk about. Huh? Why you ain't talking about Nick Saban Affleck Insurance having that? Why he quit? Did he quit because he was tired or did he quit that everybody else got this NIL money and that everybody else had dabs at the, at the best players in the world like he did. Let's talk about that. I like Nick but Nick left for a reason and it wasn't because he was fucking tired.


But y'all don't wanna talk about that though. Y'all wanna talk about the BS but let's address it. Let's fucking address it. Let's address Jim Arbaugh. His rules breaking asses but then he wanna run the la Oh he ain't worried about it. He ain't going back to college. What's a four year thing they trying to do? Jimbo you think he give a damn about that? He don't leave Coach Prime alone man. Shit it's all about the kids. That man opened up bank accounts for all his players putting over $2,000 in the bank account.


Fuck they players. Who else doing that? Some of them players ain't gonna never make it in the NFL. Y'all know some of them damn players. Trash and y'all know it better get your education come a doctor, a manager something. Some of y'all not going to the pros and that need to be taught. Everybody can't be a quarterback. Everybody can't be a receiver, a defensive band, everybody ain't gonna be able to make it to the professor. But that don't mean your life is over. That gonna mean you can't be successful. There's gonna be some doctors over there, some lawyers, some firemen, some fuck up. There's gonna be some. Everybody ain't gonna the N nba.


Everybody ain't gonna the NFLM lb. Everybody not going to be professional bro. So we got to teach this and especially as a young black man, when you become successful you got to get a game back to the people. Don't keep all the knowledge. Damn the knowledge what used to me, God blessed me to get to why man And not gonna use the knowledge that it took to get her. Ain't no shortcuts. I ain't took damn shortcut lie. So I'm not gonna tell somebody else. Take a shortcut. No, weigh your options. That's what it's about. Being a leader to these young black men. These young black men out here are lost in the sauce.


They think that they gotta pull that to be a man. No you don't. You can do these to be a man. You can go and get a nine to five and be a man. You ain't got sell a though. You know what I'm saying? You ain't gotta rob, you ain't gotta do none of that that they want us to do or portraying us to do. We can do great things together. They want us separate it. We can do this shit together. I'm about unity but I ain't about the bs. We gotta protect our own man. And when we learn that we gonna be in a better place. Too many black people. I know I love they don't, y'all always talking about white people.


I don't like white people but you work for 'em. Every white person ain't racist. Every white person ain't bad. We gotta get out. That mentality got all white. No and all black people ain't bad ain. All black people ain't good either. Mexican evil we all do wrong. What on we going to do Right? I'm hearing everybody crying about Kamala Harry. She ain't black, she ain't claiming to be black. You know who gives a damn. Who gonna help the people is who I want in office. Whether it's her or Trump, I don't fucking know but we need help.


I'm sick of our presidents going out they way and our congress going out they way to help the other foreign countries. They starving. What? Let them starve. We hungry too. We hungry too. Like bullshit going on in the world y'all. Y'all want me to address it? Damn it. I'm gonna address it might not be the way you want me to but I'm gonna address it. I'm gonna address what's going on in the la What the fuck the Lakers doing? I don't know. Sitting on their asses up there in la back and forth to the weed spots.


Going to San Monica Beach. Damn. All that. I need a team meeting with the Lakers. What the fuck is y'all doing? Need structure. That's what we need. We need structure in this world man. Real talk. When it come for us, they ain't never got nothing for us. Nothing but heart ain't I'm sick of this shit Live. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Hell Hopefully y'all is too man. Let's get to the hell no. Sick me nigga day man. Somebody ask me Bubba Dub, would you ever be a zookeeper?


Hell no. I'm scared of animals. I'm not gonna go with no zoo. The minute you think I'm finna dig in the cage with one of them lion, you fucking crazy. I'm not doing it. If I did it, I have to tranquilize every animal before I go in now. Damn. Letting them be up and moving around. No I'm tran lies in the damn peacock. I'm damn peacocks attack people. I'm not being no damn zookeeper. Every hang I'm gonna bend. Nothing got out If it was for me, I like to smoke. I'm taking smoke breaks that this ain't trash had me discombobulated. I be fit. Forgetting stuff sometimes I might leave a gate open and lying and get loose.


I'm not getting outta my vehicle to help the line help you with that line. Shit. You better pray to God. You better pray to God. He bless you like he did Daniel. I'm just saying if a lion attack you, I'm not getting in there. That's all I'm saying. I'm oh shit. I'm stop. I'm doing all that in the car. I'm not getting out and shit. But you white people, y'all are doing, y'all jump out there and fight that lion shit then get killed then we gotta bury you in 16 hours because y'all can't be out there long when y'all die. Shit hell took us.


No I can't beat no damn zookeeper. So someone gonna ask me bubble duh would you go on scuba diving Motherfucker I can't swim. I can't swim so I'm not getting in that kind of situation. I'll fly a drone over the water and watch you scuba dive that be on Coast Way. I get to see not doing no damn scuba diving. I somebody say what you call, what you climb on Skyscraper? Never scared of heights. I'm scared of getting them hotels when they going to put me up there on the 24th and 25th floor on them suites. I'm scared of that shit. Why I got to go up floor? Damn, why can't I be on the eighth floor or some shit like two four damn baby steps with me.


You take baby steps with me. Long time I chick, I ain't lying. A long time ago I had this chick, she came to me, she was like Bubba, I want you to stop eating pork. I want you to stop drinking and I want you to stop smoking and I would like for you to please Bubba join me on my journey. I looked a dead in eyes. I said baby true forbidden. I said baby, matter of fact I'm gonna call you by your name. They said, I said that's fine with me. I said Sister SBA, you need to slow your damn road. I'm not doing all that. I got to stop seeing him one at a time now. I already didn't stop stealing from the church. That's how I was paying the light bill.


But since you want me to change my wage candles and yeah you want me to stop stealing candles and ears. I ain't gonna have no more money pay life bills if I don't keep going to the church finessing them. I take the money to the bank. I already counted it. It was 5,000. But I'm knowing it was six bands. I'm pocketing that thousand. My lawyer saving. Forgive me for what I'm doing but I got to eat now. I rather the good Lord for me to do that than me to go out and steal and take it from somebody. I'd just rather take it from end when I ain't harming nobody. I'm gonna give it back when I get right. I'm gonna make this flip by 50 more times and then I'm gonna come back and bless the church. I got a gift.


Here you go. See what I'm saying? Nah, I ain't gonna be able to do with y'all. Y'all talk to me. Lemme know if I'm right or wrong finessing the church like that. But when I do get blessed I do give her money back. But she trying to change me. You women keep, stop trying to change us men man. Let us be who we are. Why do you women right now man y'all don't understand how hard it is to be a man. Like I told my ex, I said look here, you like do you like all your bills paid? Yes. I said you'd like to go on them shopping sprees. Yes. I said you'd like to go all around the world with me. Yes. I said so do the other hoes stop. It's only one of me.


Stop being so damn selfish. Didn't your mama ever teach you about sir? I had to put something on my mind. Yeah, you want all this other ones? Totally. The other ones telling you what God love. Man shit I got eat. I got fucking eat. I dunno how y'all feeling man. I'm telling feeling good. Y'all. I feel better than I ever fell man. I'm in my mid thirties man. I but I'm not the same sexually. Yeah. I used to stand up on these tiptoes and try to give her Ming Milky ways as I could give her.


I mean re Mickey Wade. Not the regular, the rem. I used to give her mini Mickey Re Mickey Wade. She could tell I can't do it no more. Y'all. I'm tired, I'm out of breath and I ain't got time for all that complaining and all this and that. What's wrong? Yeah it is a gummy. Huh? What's going on with you? Shut up and suck it. I don't say all. Let him not pay them. Damn beat you. I don't say all. Let him not go buy them damn Jordan from me man. Even though he 15 and can't count to eight, I don't do all that. I don't fucking do it. Don't do it to me. Love me hooked for who I am for better or worse. I know this meat don't work the same no more. I know it but when I get the money pound it work.


Get laughing on me, holding on me. Rubbing on the hers on my chest. Oh I'm so you. You my man. That's what she telling me. But the minute I ain't got them supplement you down talking me, you lost the still. What's going on you some man. I don't want through all that negativity ho. When I come home have them neck bones on in that motherfucker. I like me. I like old women bones. That mother cornbread hot water at that. Yeah. Sweet tea and water. You hoes ain't got nothing but soda. That's why y'all piss stink eating, drinking soda and eating seafood all damn day.


Your peace stink like a motherfucker. Ho No young ho them 30 to 25 years old. I want 35 and oh I want 35 and woman, a motherfucker who got life and bur insurance kids ain't in the house no more. She got two or three cars. Two or three bank account. She only need me for that. That mental make it way. And I'm gonna give it to her. Hell down about her son being 28. He gonna like me. So what nigga you gonna watch my video 'cause I'm here. Yeah, I'm laid up in here with your mama. Damn right. I keep going back and forth to the store buying her new points. I'm gonna do it.


You might want her to stop smoking cigarettes but every time she get a cigarette she get Hornet. Come on, passing the motherfuckers out. The barber like this. Every time I throw want she gimme what I want. Come here. Went and bought her a year. Supplies a Newport. Come here. What's a hell of an investment? Every time I call, she bring me a plate in its womb. Four paper over the plate. Baby, you all right? They killing you on that road baby. You need a massage baby. You need me to take my teeth out. Absolutely. Ooh, I'm hurting. Make me feel like hall burial when she told Billy about authority to make her feel better. That's what I tell Ms. Parker take them teeth.


I can go down through that on I'm talking my head. Ooh, fire mama calling me. My mama call to me baby. What going on? I'm busy. Come calling me when I'm doing what I'm doing. I ain't got time for all that man. Hopefully y'all enjoying the show today, man. Like I'm not playing with y'all man. I'm telling y'all I'm bringing y'all some shit. Ain't nobody else bringing it to you and I'm bringing it to you. Live in the flesh. Now we're gonna talk about them. Rad Cowboy. We're gonna talk about them Rad Lake. We gonna talk about Floyd Fing a referee in the middle of the fight. I ain't never seen no shit. Like what else y'all wanna talk about, man, we can talk about it right now.


Who Tank fighting next is what I want know. I'm hearing Shakur. I don't know, but he gotta fight somebody. We ain't gonna keep watching y'all fight these old ass titles. We wanna see y'all fight the best. And I know the best is really running from Tank. They say they want but they don't want Tank. Davis Tank is different. Different tank. Some of y'all are regular chargers. Tank is ACAP pack. Its different. Some of y'all crank up tank crank up. You hear the difference. It's power. It's power.


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown. Well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy.


Hey guys. Mario Lopez here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof so you can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with a whole family. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try K Nix. See why millions are ditching disposable wasteful period products and have switched to K Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The phileo fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Bottom


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


I'm gonna see what y'all talking about man. Let's talk about Falcon. Okay. Who y'all think your biggest strong quarterback for the Falcon Kirk cousin or Pennix? Talk to me right now taking y'all questions right now. Talk to me. Yes. Mike Tyson going knock Jake Paul out. You it's it's going to happen. It's going to happen but let's talk about it right now. Both Pen or Kirk Cousins. Who? You got somebody going with Kirk? Okay. Okay. And. we gonna get the Aunt disrespecting when he do And. we just talking. I don't really think he mean no horn but some of 'em, us feel like them players Michael Jordan played against wasn't really they athletic and they really wasn't. But Magic Johnson can say magic bad blood.


Johnson can say whatever he want. A motherfucking say five of them. Irving got five. Y'all know him by magic. I know him by Irving. I used to shoot Dodge with him. I used to run, you know what I'm saying? I was watching them holes come, you know with Jerry, but and and here help I I'm telling you. Yeah I know him as Irving. Bad Blood Jones Shit. P and Stray cousin. So y'all just going to just pay cousins all that money just to release him or whatever. Take the penalty hit and bring in Penny.


I don't think they going to do that. Fa Kirk cousin gonna start and he gonna start out hot. I'm telling you man. He going, he, he, he like Ryan Fish package to me. He gonna start out hot and fizzle out. But I'm thinking the the Atlanta Falcons gonna make the playoffs this shirt. That's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking Big Thug, not Young Thug, big Thug going come home. Hell gonna have one of the best albums that come out and I think the Falcons gonna go to the plot. That's what I think. What y'all think? Did y'all see a new Caprice classic wagon? They finger make. Y'all need to go and check that out too.


Hell your magic got bad blood. I don't give a damn. What y'all say everybody talking about had HIV Magic had Covid. That's Magic had covid before people even knew what it was. That's all it was. Magic had Covid magic the size of Mark Henry Now ain't nobody with HIV the size of Mark Henry. Hey Magic don't even know he magic no more. Second him going to the basketball court now he going to the tennis court. Him and ej what the hell going on? They say that EJ a big tennis playing motherfucker too. Say he powerful hitting that rack. Him and LA more old them best friends. So they say, they say Lamar old Mej best friend. That's what they say.


Imagine went to see somebody know who it was but he went to go see him. That's square business. Barry Bun said he ain't tripping about the hall of Fame. You shouldn't Barry you is a hall of famer in my eye. Barry and then everybody else eyes they can say what they wanna say about you taking Barco. You took it but I don't think you needed it. You was a hall of famer before it but you damn so took Barko. You were my size and height. You know what I'm saying? You were my size and height. Now the next year you got the chest and the in the head of Ray Lewis make it make sense. You can lie to everybody in the world Barry bun.


But you can't lie a guard and you can't lie to yourself. Even us today, even us today, y'all know you could tell a lie in your mind like man I know I just lied. You can't lie to yourself. But Barry Bond is a hall of famer in my eye now. Now aunt man I like you. Love you to death fam. But don't ever disrespect the ages like that fam. I think this new generation is be I do but them guys were balding back then. Fa you understand. Them guys were bawling back then. That's all I'm saying now. Some of them players, MJ played again with plumbers. They used to drive for Dr. Pepper and pe. Y'all know I ain't lying but we ain't gonna dis discrete what Magic and Bird and M did back in them.


We ain't gonna do all that now we, we gonna, we gonna have to keep it one. Oh. But I don't think Ant meant it like that ain't just, you know, having fun just talking. I think he got, he's getting blown outta proportion and a bad man himself. But yeah Magic, I mean you know Irving bad Blood Magic Johnson was is on another level in basketball. Five of 'em. I think he went to ten nine or 10. Ain't nothing. Six nine coming down handling rock ain't looking throwing Yeah Magic was him. Let's talk about it.


Yeah. Them guys know Dominique Wilkins shout out to him. Oh yeah Dominique will the top 50 greatest in NBA player ever. You know he's in the top 50. Dominique Wilkins ain't nothing to argue about that RuPaul Dwight Howard, he should be NBA top 75. Y'all can say what y'all want about Howard but the man should be in the top 75. I don't like how the NBA treated him but at the end of the day the man should be in the top seven five. Howard was one of the ones though. RuPaul Howard was one of them. I got nothing but love for him. Do he should be in the seven top 75?


No question. Anybody begging Who? Who wanna argue with me with that? Well Ain ain't never won no high school. I mean he ain't lying. What did Hulk Hogan say? Because we already know the real Hulk Hogan. What did Hulk Hogan say? Because we know the real Hulk Hogan. He he got exposed by seven, eight years ago brother. Yeah. You don't really love us brother. What'd he say? Who was more unstoppable Kg or Shaq? Shaq hacker. Shaq was for a reason. Ain't never been no damn hacker kd, Shaq or Shaq for a reason. He get the ball and the paint you pile him because you know if you don't it's two points.


It gonna never be another Shaq. Shaq different man. Shaq Diesel was different man. True story. He was gonna back a slam come out while everybody, like I say li a woman alone, she a woman man. Leave her alone. Let her do what she do. Them women right now, they up. They feeling good right now. JC Pinkey bras them went up. Like I say she women, they up right now. That's the way they feeling. Trump them at the, at the golf game discussing grabbing Va John, I don't know. I'm not telling who to vote for. Vote wherever you wanna vote for. I just want 'em to come in and do they job help us. The foreigners and everybody else help. What's right here?


We starving in home right here. That's y'all get caught up in that race shit and no man stop it. Cut the jack. Cut the jack at the end of the day Saints. I can't wait to play y'all cowboy. I can't wait You boo as eating. Motherfuckers been talking shit to me and my DM where I am. What the rest of my cowboy fans they gonna hear. I need your help. Them Saints fan been talking cash money shit to me and I need some help. Yeah. Come on in here. Get ready to cut y'all dreadlocks off for y'all and your gold teeth come here. Yeah number one star.


Yeah I'm the number one star. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna hear no shit from you. Cowboy Hagers game one when we keep the do Brown's ass, I don't wanna hear a motherfucking word. We dominating game one. The the the ghost of Johnny Manzel. Bernie Osa then at Testa Verde gonna be rolling over they motherfucking grave when we come through there run through Big D Cowboys for me coming through steamrolling everybody this year. Why? 'cause y'all gonna think we gonna do nothing. That's the way I like it.


Yeah underdog. I do my best from behind even though I ain't got no meat but I got strong legs when I'm behind them. You ain't gonna feel it. But you know my legs sturdy and I ain't going nowhere. My legs don't shake when I'm behind you right now you ain't feeling it. But you know I'm now it's my presence. It's my presence. It's my a You thinking I you, you thinking I got some meat but I don't world about it. We on the way Fresh day, day trash. So the day going on, the old boy who got knocked out in the casino blood everywhere. You still trying to gig up and and and like you wanna do something nigga lay out here hurt.


Let them come in and put you on that damn structure. So now you can sue him and the end the casino. You missing your blessing. Bam. Damn what you lie? My girl over there saying up Charles bitch sit down here and lay with me. If I die, you die with me. Die with me. How you love me? Damn. Prove it. You love me. Damn. Prove it nigga. Knock me out. You mely off my face baby and talk to me fan me baby. It's gonna be okay because I don't know because he didn't know what he was.


He didn't know law. He thought he was living color again. True story couldn't have been me because when I got to my Simpson I could sit there and guy named ambulance and went on and did what I po do. Wrote my little old police report. Everything good Two weeks later bow I'm back. Look a vengeance damn true story for y'all. People who just not tuning in you was at work and you couldn't really watch the show. You can always listen to the show on Apple Podcasts and Spotify just type in the bubble show baby. That's all you gotta do Sometime just type in the bubble show and you can listen to me.


I'm going live now y'all. I ain't doing them prerecord. I'm going live. So you don't wanna miss this live. You lie to hear anything I told you. You can get in the comment and ask me any question I'm gonna answer. Its in my dm. Come don't. I'm gonna get it in. Come here, come here. I'll touch you up. I give, I give you a table. I like them still with them. Table. Come here with that black paint. Right Come, I knock the paint off a mother head when I'm in black paint got my face because that black paint and I got black paint.


We we messing together. We all in the face. Think we playing football real tall, putting it down. Come here. Then we lay up and play mad afterwards and I got the chiefs not playing hell. We ever had sex with your girlfriend mom back in the day? Nope. I want one but I ain't never done it. Want be one of them old mamas? One of them old curling man using as woman be a straightening comb ass ass woman. Still got got gray hairs going in right now.


Can't have a man in 28 years. I come through and save the day. I wanna come through and poke my chest outta her. 35 or 40-year-old son. Young punk. I have a punk. She leaving this shit to me. Not you go steal ass. You ain't never done nothing. Right. So keep going left. I got this, I got this. I got my moms man you can't take care of my mom. Shit. I'm doing it. I got some vegetable soup I want know right now for She done took her meds. She belong me. Me.


Gotta know if you're watching this show, you gotta know this show being presented by pics. Real talk prize piece going down, little prize piece. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Real talk two Hs in that trash. Come download the number one spend of sports betting fantasy app right now. It is. And they got deals. You put $5 in for the newcomers. You put $5 in, they give you 50 for real 50. Now if you're a new subscriber right now, you don't know how to play, I'm gonna show you how to play. It's more or less they got Angel Reese right now. Slate to have 14 rebounds. You either put more or less. Caitlyn called like they got her down for eight or assists more or less. Show your tongue and got them down for two home runs. You either put more or less over on prize pick baby. Yeah. When you sign up it's gonna give you the location and let you know whether you better to play in that state or not. And oh my god, if you able to play in that state the money. Ooh, you can eat. Yeah, run it up. Up on Prize pick. I can't say nothing about the other ones 'cause I don't know. But what I do know about pics, if you are a new right now, if you are a new, you are a newbie, you put $5 in, they gonna give you 50. You can't beat it baby. On right now with prize pick this show people being protected by Prospect. Matter of fact, prize pick is giving away $150 today. That's why I told you to drop your cash out right now. Yeah. Drop your cash app right now. Continue to hit the like button. Continue to hit the scribe button. Continue to share this show. Let's, let's, let's getting the numbers up baby, because I'm flying some of y'all out to the game with me. We going to the Saint Francis Cowboy game with me so I better see some hands down in the Cumins right now. I better see some sheriffs somewhere. I better see this show popping up on other channels somewhere. That's, that's how I know who I want take to the games with me to the football, to the basketball, to the, I might invite y'all out to the comedy show because boy a damn good comedian. I'm on my way. I'm not bullshitting. I got a major announcement to make next week too.


Hey, when I come to your city pull up, say I got the KC in Tulsa. We have a ball this week from Thursday to Sunday. We have a ball and I appreciate the love y'all show me when I come to y'all city, I really do. From the bottom of my heart, me and my team, we, we appreciate that. So like I'm saying, football season, fucking start doing these pre-game shows. Y'all could pull up to the shows and come up on the show and chop it up with me. I'm bringing nothing but entertainment and excitement to this, to this podcast game. That's what I'm bringing. I'm bringing the life back. Lot of people come on here, get guests and they just talk and talk and talk. I'm a one man show, but I'm gonna let the fans run the show. I'm gonna let y'all come in when I'm in Dallas pre-game.


Y'all come in and tell us what y'all expecting the Cowboys doing and what we should expect to see. I'm getting y'all involved. Y'all the ones who watching you understand y'all more important than anybody else. And I think us as people, we forget that this is all about the fans. I'm engaging with the people. That's why I'm able to go out and walk around and and, and, and and intertwine with the people. 'cause there's real genuine love. I don't think I'm better than nobody watching this show. I think we all equal. We got different talents, but we all equal. But remember what you eat don't make me shit. So lesson learn. Do you? Yeah, I pray everybody that watching my show is successful. I pray somebody that watching my show right now, I ain't have a job.


I pray you get a job. Somebody probably watching my show lost a job down and not depressed. Get off that. Being depressed is evilness. Yeah, it's evilness man. Get that outta your mind. I've been depressed. It's the devil. You gonna get through the storm. I got through it. Somebody else watching got through it. You gonna get through the storm too? Us cowboy fan. We gonna get through the motherfucking storm. I know it been fo years, but we going get through a storm. Thank y'all for tuning in and watching the bubble show. I see y'all again tomorrow at six and hopefully my wifi ain't trash because of the store. I am out. Peace the volume.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


It is Ryan here and I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, a hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


When it comes to travel bags and backpacks. Colorful and unique options are hard to come by. Luckily, baboon to the moon has you covered. Baboon to the moon's bags are made for going places near and far and for making you the brightest star at baggage claim made. With super durable materials in the limited lifetime warranty, your baboon to the moon bag will join you. For all of life's missed trains, unexpected rain showers, love at first sights and compliments, check them out at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make the world more colorful.