
The Volume Yo. Yeah. Yeah. I thought y'all expected me to have on my cowboy girl. Never. The Cowboys is finished and I deal what them? Sorry motherfuckers ain't gonna mean it. I don't deal with them. Sorry motherfuckers ain't gonna mean it. But right now we getting ready to go with Capo. Oh yeah. Motherfucker go with Capo. CAEs is old before I even get to tonight. Show started. Hit the like button right now. You should. I ready to hit the like button right now. Some of you coming from Facebook, some of some of you coming from ig.


I don't give a damn where you coming from? Tune in. You finna get a show night. Matter of fact, every time I go live you give a show. Tune in to my First time subscribers. Welcome. Welcome to the mother in Bubble th show. There's a lot going on in the world and we gonna talk about it right here on this show. 2025 ain't number honesty. 24 was that you were getting exposed. 25 is nothing but honesty going on on this motherfucker. This show. And I got to be honest with y'all night Sam Don Trailer that George Washington looking motherfucker ain't got it play good.


Oh yeah, play good. Oh yeah. Just to get a new contract when to get down to the big games. That motherfucker like a launcher on the beach. Two damn big meats. Detroit Line would bullshitting the tonight. Even though Jerry Goff didn't even have his best game. Jerry Go wasn't even, didn't even have his best game tonight. Didn't matter. Didn't don't. It didn't matter. That SC dip in that. Dave Campbell had his team ready to play. O team came in 14 too. Who going to take it that goddamn line? See Henry Ford rolling over in this motherfucking grave right now.


Do you hear me? Rolling over and Ford Port God damnit Detroit came to play. It was, it was a good game going on through the third quarter and it was kind of close. But that run game for Detroit just took out TS motherfuck took. I thought they were Barry Sanders. That's what I thought they were. Barry Sanders the good, the good wide receiver that we thought Justin Jefferson ain't just a goddamn ball. Good receivers catch the ball when they time to catch. He wasn't catching tonight. What's the problem? How do you think it's gonna be in the playoffs?


You can't catch the ball now. You ain't gonna be able catch it legal. Well I got them day camera Aaron Glenn, the black defensive coordinator for Detroit Line Pro. Possibly could be a head coach next season. I mean probably so. I don't know but But tonight he had that defense prepared tonight. Even though all the injuries that the Detroit lines got on the defense side of the ball, he had his team ready to play tonight. And that's what you got to do. Unlike them. Sorry motherfuckers up there in Dallas and I deal with them in a minute. But that's how you had your team ready and prepared. Focus lock in. They say gonna ball listen to Lamar before the game and what they were saying, they not like us.


I know my Minnesota fans on here. Right. It's all good though. It's all good. We got the Ram first round. See you might not beat you might not beat Stanford. You might not beat the ram. That's what I'm telling you tonight. There's something going on in the west coast. I don't know what it is. It ain't the lake coast but God damnit. It's the Rams right now. Some have about a week and a half to be prepare. Throw the bike. Y'all might lose. Y'all might lose against the Rams. That's what I'm saying. Y'all bikers might not beat the Rams. Get this off of there. Yeah we know Seahawk beat the ram but get this off of there.


They ain't play Matthew staff today. I'm talking about the wild court game that's going on on next Monday night between the Vikings and the round, the Viking might not come on. They game alive. Let them boy have four rush, have four touchdowns against y'all. Do you all that shit talking y'all doing during the week. This our division. Y'all lying. You shitting me. Y'all lying out to the A Detroit line. You rocking New Jerseys. I've been rocking nigga all motherfucking year and no I'm not a Detroit fan. Never. I'm a cowboy till the day I die and my side chick is the Buffalo bill.


Don't never forget it. But I'm representing all play our teams right here tonight on my show. So what I'm finna do before I even go to my next topic, I'm finna name some teams and if I name this team, your team's dead. Starting with the Dallas Cowboy, dead Carolina Panther Dead Cincinnati been dead. New England Clam Child Dead New York Rat Jet Dead New York Rat Ja dead Arizona Court dead bad ass 49 dead Indianapolis. Coach Dead Jacksonville, Jaguar dead Las Vegas.


Right dead Chicago Bur dead. Who I done left off but did I say the Bengal Titans dead? If I name them team, you dead. You just like me at the motherfucking house. I ing Bengal fans man. Well if you took care of business early in the season you shouldn't then you wouldn't have nothing to worry about right now we want five in a row. Good. But wait get you on the motherfucking couch with Jerry Jones eating yoga. Y'all willing to know what them billionaires do. They read books and eat yoga. That's what they do. Jerry Jones breast milk like a dead snake.


Give a damn how much money you got your brush stink fam. Billionaire breast smell like straight up dead snake ass. Now we gonna move on to the Dallas Cowboys today. We had an early game. We playing the commanders. I been bragging on Tre land. Put Trey land in the game. What the fuck was I thinking? Keep that motherfucker out. He can't get the ball in in the red zone. He can't. He can't score. He can run. Most niggas can. I don't understand the announcement. Trey LANs can use his legs. Most niggas got legs.


They ain't no Lieutenant Daniels around them. Most niggas can run older. Your crew can't run. James said my boy, I love him to death but they can't run. You want the truth. You in the right motherfucker to get it because I ain't gonna sugar coat a lot to you. Most niggas basket run Daniels before they took him out wasn't looking like wasn't playing won for. Damn. Ain't no way a cowboy should have lost that game. But they did. And what they gonna do? They going to bring Mike McCartney tag Billy ass back. But what? I don't know. I'm if you a Dallas Cowboy fan, you cannot possibly won't tag belly ass Mike to come back.


Come on now we be breaking them back for another mediocre as. See we finished the season seven to 10. That's failure. That's failure found. So a little run back and Rico do I I I like, I like him. I turp in the receiver. I like him. I I ain't gonna lie, we we got some small little piece of parcel came through today. Two and a half stack. Cool. Y'all know you've been itching to run your ass to that podcast. Well you got all motherfuck summer to get on that podcast. Bam. Now you can watch your little team playing Trigger on cheer your homeboy on CJ style with the texts.


This he in the playoffs. But look at up. No we could laugh and stop. My goddamn phone been ringing all day. Don't go to my phone. I watch the same game you motherfuckers watch. I know we, sorry you ain't got to tell me something I already know but I know we sorry and probably gonna be sorry again next year. But help is on the motherfucking way. I need Jerry Jones to do something to, to make everybody feel better. I need this motherfucker to step down but he won't do it to save his own life. Jerry Jones won't even step down. That's why we in the predicament we in now legacy gentlemen.


Because our owner, the CEO, the president, the general manager, that's the Scott, Scott Sky, every part in the world, no every title in the world and is still not working for us. Everybody else going on into the playoffs. Everybody else getting tickets, going to CA team play. We getting tickets to go on motherfucking vacation and I'm supposed to be happy. I'm supposed to be smiling for what? I ain't got nothing to smile about ladies and gentlemen. I don't. I'm sick. I can sit up here and put on the front all day and smile and say I don't give a damn about the cowboy but I'll be fucking lying.


I gotta lying to y'all. I go to bed at night sick dumb motherfucker back hurting, feet hurting. I gotta put on a show. Even though my pride hurt cowboys, they broke me to six Ain't better when your team lose. I keep the weed don't smoke better when your team lose man it boom. When your team win you get talk all the shit. You get all the head and the work you won't you get out ain't go good when your team win. We can't experience that can with Cowboy fans though. We gotta go to work tomorrow even though we gonna talk shit all week. We might not be going to the playhouse but we going to win this last game and we get guess who gonna wanna go to work tomorrow.


I don't want stuff put in that motherfucking plant. For what I know everybody I know I'm the first thing everybody want to see tomorrow and guess what? I'm not going even though I ain't got no more PTO, I don't give a damn. I'm gonna wait till the shit cool off so I step back up in that work. I'm letting you know right now when I do come back to work, anybody messing me about the cowboy, I'm going to ho on your ass. I bet y'all won't tease me no more about my team when I go to HR on your ass when you get that call. Come on down. You wonder what's going on. You about to find out you been bullying Bubba do. No I ain't. Yes you have.


We got it on camera. He even had lio of it. Come here, come here. I'm sick of the bullshit that's going on around here. Especially with the cowboy. Oh I'm glad the season over back to Trey land. Y'all no fam. I won't apologize to the front office of Dallas. Y y'all know more than me motherfucker. No I I bet you that I been putting me, putting me in. He better than Cooper ain't throw the ball. Ain't all get that motherfucker outta though.


Breaking news. Goddamn the the New England Patriots, the five dry Mayo man black man had ain't been there one motherfucker year. You done fired Rob Kraft. You old blind misogynist motherfucker. You you looked at man dead eyes and told him he was gonna be a patriot for years to come. You lie why, why why why us? Why we get one year to come here and try to turn around a a a a terrible ass fucking team. Y'all fired that man at one mother fucking yo.


Y'all see what I'm saying? It ain't right. It ain't motherfucking right and I don't like it. I don't and and and and my boy peers up there in Vegas Right you you can go every casino you now they to get rid of you. Them white boys not bullshitting no more. Come back in the office. They walking around with they motherfucking chest out right now. Basically if you live in Texas them right next she they got they belt buckles on. They got them big four four F 50 Dude shit Don white boy killing theyself right now and they ain't taking no shit off us or nobody else.


My SA friends y'all walking on the end motherfucking not around these rednecks right now. I'm just being one. How my friend How you doing? How do work? See the white boy Not saying that shit no motherfuck more they buying all the guns. You go to the corner shop, you go down there to the academy. Ain't no more rifles. Them white boys don't bow them out boats ain't no more boats. Coyo coo ain't no more COO bought. Ain't none of that shit available. Goddamn white boy done bought it out And I told y'all two weeks ago E must is got some shit growing. Don't think you don't. I told you Kim 12 now they do some shit down here in the USA and if they, they gonna run they ass up through SpaceX guess who gonna be on there with them.


I running y'all hat. Hot ass up there to SpaceX. You gonna need your shade Here go here I am. I'm the god damn shade. You know you white boy can't stand in that sun. You get sunburn. You need some shade. A nigga like me to be in there to block the sun. I feel ass damn here I am. I'm ready for these playoffs though. I ain't gonna lie to y'all. Some playoffs games coming up. You got the chargers going against the sip surf ass Texas. Let me say this right now. A town y'all might not make it out this motherfucking game. Jim Aught man is not gonna be playing with you. Simple sharp ass Texas. I want the Texas to win but God damnit I don't see too many injuries on the officer side of the ball.


Step des he rung around here, he trying to dig in something else other than a oh your dog. I'm gonna keep it 100 on this show. I don't give a damn if y'all like it or not, the truth will be spoken on this show. The truth will be I look damn about him running down. No Pete dig at Miami. That's a cover up. I told you Sugar Melvin Water hit it. I keep thinking people ain't, when they is now they can't be. He got this girl shit that don't mean shit. That don't mean a motherfucking thing. That's a cover up. I'm gonna give a hug make them think I'm with her shit whole time somebody else coming over with bra shoulders putting they per in on ping them down too.


Making them take, I'm telling you 2025 you gotta watch people, you gotta do background checks on people. You got family members calling in right now. Hey man you think I can come stay a couple days them couple days before You know what them motherfucker get Amazon packages at your house. You won't don't let 'em move in with you man. Times it hard. I need some help but guess what? Don't bring them hard times over here nigga. Stay your ass where you at? You better go get you one Better better move into one of them goddamn shelters. So you're not moving in with me and my girl Never. I like to walk around the house naked So do shit. Ain't got time telling my girl put some clothes on because your funky feet ass down.


Nothing. I'm give a damn about you calling my mom and daddy them either and telling them how I should be doing this and that. Nigga I don't see you. My mom and daddy, I love them to death but they ain't God. And I hear a whole lot of you nigga on here talking. I got all the money. I got all, I got all the car. But guess what one thing you did name you ain't got God nigga that's what's wrong with you. You ain't got God nigga can't take none of this shit with you when you die. Same woman you loving and praising gonna be the same woman giving that motherfucker up before you hit they grave.


Do you hear me? They put the dirt on you. She with somebody here nigga. Damn how much money you got nigga do you got God if you ain't got God you ain't got shit. These are facts. You want the truth. You in the right mother fucking spot. You won't lie to go somebody your show 'cause this ain't it. You gonna speak to real over him whether you like it or not. Family members friend. I don't give a damn. They gonna tell you bubble dub gonna tell you like it is and I won't stop. Oh no I won't stop it Get better tonight. I know y'all seen me early down at the Rockets game. I went down another check out the Lakers.


Lemme tell you I know y'all talking Lakers got cheated. Well maybe so. Well I'm gonna tell you where they lost the game man. They couldn't box out big ass Sam. Adam Stephen Adams they couldn't block him out offensive rebound after offensive rebound. JJ Red you not a good goddamn coach. You got to get a body on air putting Ruy on Adam. Seven two RU six seven. How you gonna stop somebody? Y'all keep talking about the analytics. Well God fuck the analytics. I go off the I test God young nigga for rock balling boy I'm just gotta be 100 tonight.


Yes I'm a lake of Fame. Yes I want the Lakers win but I gotta keep it 100. Jalen Green got an old lady named Dre. She cooking them goddamn Turkey chops over rice. That motherfucker were balding tonight y'all. Why he on that couple mean she ain't too old for him. No she not. That old motherfucking Dre is putting that pool man on that young man cooking them old school soul food meals that young man balling full of energy. That's them good meals in them. So you youngs are having tied Noles Rotel di Chick-fil-A not Dre she the cooking meat milk ma potato string beans Woo rose maybe from Texas house rose.


That's the difference between you young holes and a real woman. Real woman go get in that kitchen, make some las. I'm telling that's why that man playing the way Finn, he got so much energy in him right now. When he leave Ohio she fixing the nigga sack lunch nigga Hold dunno nothing about no sack lunches. Some of my old school players on this show right now got an old lady when they go to work they old lady fix him a sack lunch. Y'all who want her to know about sack lunches Talk to Doug might have a sandwich, maybe a pork chop sandwich. Real talk maybe have hot sauce on it. Maybe have ketchup on that motherfucker.


But you know about a pork chop sandwich. Some of you know you're taking that to work with you. Yeah when it's trying to go on break you gonna smoke your cigarette, you gonna smoke your little weed and you going warm your porch chop sandwich up and you not sharing that motherfucker tell me I'm lying 2025 it's about honesty. It ain't about being exposed no more. That don't mean a damn no more. You usually could have a side chick back in the day and the side chick could keep her motherfucking mouth closed for 25 and 30 years. You have a side chick now everybody in the motherfucking world going on. You over there sleep. You done got you a good look just what she got you on camera going live. Look who over my house. It's that Tyrone. It's and I thought he was such and such.


No he with me now you wake up, you know what's going on with you out. You gonna went by, you went by now you paying attention trying to get home to your girl trying to explain this deal yo. You gonna know what to tell her but it's only one thing you need to tell that motherfucker baby that shit is ai. That shit is ai baby nigga take my face and make it look like I everywhere. How do you know that? I'm trying to tell you baby we lost in this world. They have to get, they out to get real good news. They out to kill us. I don't even see you. You listening to her. What she saying? That wasn't me.


That was ai. I better pay attention to what I'm telling y'all tonight man. Y'all better pay attention to what I'm telling y'all all tonight. Shit ain't what it is. Shit ain't what it seem to be no more. Everything different. You got Kendrick Drake two great raping motherfuckers got the internet game and the frenzy right now you got people who were d Drake friends fans. They ain't Drake fans no more. The Kendrick fan you got LeBron and Drake, they were best friends. Now they ain't friends no more. Do you hear me? Drake crying every motherfucking ruck and that's what most yellow niggas do.


All niggas out here, I ain't gonna lie but Drake crying every motherfucking ruck. Y'all need to check on Drake. I think he on suicide watch. I'm just being real. I'm I I I know a crime motherfucker that will harm theyself when I see one I'm thinking Greg might harm himself. Y'all he going through so much. I'm telling you he he can't take it. He got LeBron, him nigga got another man. Him and LeBron done turned back. Shit. Y'all better keep your eyes on dizzy. I hate to wake up to some breaking news. I'm telling y'all man somebody close to Drake showing love like real talk telling man you steal him fam. You six guy like don't let this, you know what I'm saying Terry you from from from what you got going bro because it's starting to break in me all.


It's starting to break D Drizzy and I don't like to see that. I want to hear Drake back singing again. It's hardcore rapping. I'm sending people to your house. Shit that ain't the Drake. I know that ain't the Drake. I know I'm used to the god damn do you love me that that's the Drake. I know we going we gonna Yep, yep yep. Man I don't know Then you got this weekend back to football on wild court. You got the Steelers rust. Raven Steelers not finna win a motherfucking thing this weekend. If you a stealer fan, goodbye, get your ass up outta him. Dway ain't waste your money buying no tickets. You're not beating the Ravens fam.


I'm just being honest with you. Broncos versus the Bills Broncos. It's over you not beating them. I'm done. I'm telling you now you're not beating the Buffalo Bills. I'm telling you now your season is over. Thank you for making it to the playoffs but goodbye. Goodbye Packer's. Eagles gonna be a good game but it's up there in Philly. Gilly, Wildo, Rocky William Smith, Kevin Hart Domino T smiling as Michael Blackton ain't gonna be at that motherfucking game And don't you think Philly ain't gonna show out Shaquan Barkley didn't play, didn't let him go out through the record. He gonna come out this motherfucking game ready to bow Ken Deep dressed out the Eagles run game.


I don't see it but they say Hurst done finally woke up out that motherfucking coma. They said they had to come down here to ace time to get some of that red. Yeah some of that, some of that red shirt sir to get back. So I'm looking for the Chargers to beat the Texas. I'm looking for the Ravens to beat the Steelers and I'm looking for the Eagles to beat the Packers and I'm looking for the Rams to upset the Piners and the first round of the playoffs. That's what I'm thinking. Y'all let me know what y'all thinking but them are my predictions right now and this year God damnit I been wrong a lot. I guarantee you I get this shit right in the playoffs.


I bet you that. I bet you that. So y'all getting to come miss section right now. Let me know who y'all got coming out the first round. Real talk. There's some shit bubbling in the air. There's some shit bubbling and it ain't got nothing to do with us this time. Oh y'all my good old friend Skip paint come here dammit come here. They say you offered this girl 1.5 million for her coaching 1.5 for some coaching. Never. Ain't no motherfucking white who gets white. You trying to get saying I know you say you a drip God but you a goddamn lying.


God if you asking me 1.5 man you better snook a little old As ugly man. And God you're 73. If you ain't been getting no Good looking coaches, you ain't Gonna get them now. That white girl ain't just telling no skip. She telling on 13 other Joy Taylor come here, come on. She said you have a nasty attitude. Come goddamn chickens coming home once black people, this ain't got nothing to do with us. Stay out this shit. Stay out of it. God stay out of it now. See how Skip crawl his way out. This whole right here, just this woman telling the truth.


We don't know. I'm not here to deny none of her claim. All I know all this shit's allegedly but it don't look good. They say this man offered 1.5 million. This woman say she told Skip I got overall counsel time to throw him Mo. She say Skip said he don't give a damn. What kind of counsel you got? Bitch I got the curve for that white girl must been finding a motherfucker do you hear me and some white girls. These white girls these days. Dick dumb motherfucker. Hey y'all seen that white woman no arm ig? I can't think of her name. She old school. She about 55. That motherfucker dicking. Look I ain't never really laid eyes on a white woman like that but I have now until I seen her and I went to Iggy Aza.


Only if fans God come here think I won't live with that Ky motherfucker. You alive. I know my family only with that white girl you God damn right I'm well and you motherfuckers don respect our relationship too. I'm letting you know right now. I go with my family. I you sorry motherfucking niggas let me tell y'all something. I'm with this white woman now and you motherfuckers gonna respect her. When I walk into the house and I'm walking up these and I y'all see me pull up, y'all better open the car off for if that motherfucker sneeze you better say bless you real talk. I probably wasn't a good motherfucker so I know Wrinkle face.


Skip trying to give a motherfucker 1.5 million. All the women Skip done been around supposed to. He going to give her one point. I gotta see this white girl here. I know this motherfucker bro. Smell like god damn pepper. You smell like pepper. I'm not bullshit you thing about them white girls. Oh God they do whatever you say Real talk. You can't get real of them. You get you, you give it to 'em just right. You got them white women for alive. God damnit I won't find out who she's, I don't wanna get near because she like put some medications out on do and you know where I'm from.


We gonna play that shit where I'm from. We gonna take it. If you gonna want it then God it you won't get it. We go off see it, we'll talk a couple of words for you fucking yes or no. If it's no bye if it's yes come on. Yeah that's how you gotta start doing if you fucking yes or no. If it's no buy, if it hit come on, come on then


watching this show being presented by prize pitch, real talk right there. That barcode scan it Real talk First time user put $5 in, you get $50 instantly. Real talk. I don't know what you're waiting on. I don't know what you're waiting on. You betting more or less on your favorite player why card games come up but get them best in right now. Don't only get your money up baby. Real talk. I know Christmas kind hurt some of your pockets. That's okay. I'll fucking show you how to get your motherfucking money back


if you can't watch my show and you only can listen to it. Go to Apple podcast and Spotify type in the bubble do show there I am 2 25. You gotta be careful about who people you hang around with. Yeah they certain people you can't even talk to on the phone with no more man because you gonna know what they into real talk man this shit is business man. This shit ain't personal man. Real talk. You got these big companies more invest money in you. You gonna think they sitting around looking at the people you hanging around. Why would I invest some money in this guy here and he hanging with this guy. I'm just putting you up on game 2025. I got some game to give you. I'm gonna give it to you. I ain't gonna withhold no information from you. I'm only here to help you not hurt you baby.


Real talk. I think that's what's wrong with the game. Sometimes people let people bump their head when sometimes you they ain't gotta bump they head man. You know what I'm saying? They say experience is the best teacher. It don't have to be a lot of homeboys went to the penitentiary. Do I need to go to the penitentiary can learn Listen, no I don't Anybody that watching this show gonna been to the penitentiary. You just not coming home. Can't find a job. Go and get your CEL fam. Go and get your CA. I got a homeboy named Brewster up there in Dallas Prison Reform. He putting your boys in trucks. Put get your Cs, we put your ass in the truck and you got them.


You gonna go and get this money just because you go to the pen to get a felony, your life ain't over. They wanna teach you that but your life ain't over. You can make good money. You can make goddamn six figures, seven figures. You can do it. God damnit. You gotta wanna do it though. Stop sitting around looking for handouts. Ain't nobody going to give your ass shit. Go and get it. So if you're watching this show right here, man, I'm telling you the truth. You got a felony, can't get a good job. Go and get your CL man. Hit me in my DM and I'll reach out to Brewster. It's a couple more people. They got some diesels that they wanna put on the motherfucking road. If you got a good driving record they'll put you on that God road.


God damnit you going. It can be done. I know five people I know didn't do number sell dope their whole life. That's all they knew. Kept going to jail, kept going to jail. Now they gonna finally came home. Now they gonna went out and got them some trucks. Now they on the road making a good living for their self. And that's what it about. It's not where you was, it's where you at. You ain't gotta live with the Jones. You ain't gotta be out here trying to compete with nobody man. Live within your means. Hell live within your means. Yeah because your partner got a new house don't mean you gotta go out and get a new hire because your partner got a new car. Don't mean you gotta go out and get a new car. Your partner go out there and catch hey you want aids hell out. Lemme tell y'all some shit that happened to me went got one of them little holes.


Right Bitch fluffing bitch do everything he do tell her to do. I go get the monkey grinding them. She you know I know man. I passed the ball on lay up but this night I laid up with her. This what came on after I had sex with her HIV commercial boy I was sick dental motherfucker that what happened y'all, y'all would go lay with a whole raw dog and then some HIV commercial pop up shit scared dinner motherfucker. Well I call my mama two in the morning, wake up. Well I'm asleep. Wake your ass up. You been wanting to talk to me about God. God damnit talk to me now out to me now is I know it's a devil.


I know see a devil but this motherfucker look good talking about no stomach. Them goddamn doctors down there. Miami did good work. I don't know what doctor down there man Miami that did this BBL on this whole. But that motherfucker got, damn, she must have spent 15,000 on this surgery. This wasn't no 7,500 procedure. This was a $15,000 procedure and it was worth every motherfucking pig. See a lot of time you hold cats don't be funky. It be they ass when you turn around and hit them from the back. That's funk. Bitch you ain't basing bitch that ain't iry so that ain't duh Bitch you ain't using no souls.


I like to be natural. I like for you to get your ass out my life. I said what I want you to do, get your ass outta my life. Them bird baths ain't going to make you to 2025 baby. You gonna have to hit that water. Yeah I want it hot stall or hot when you get in that mother Yeah i's gonna get all the dirt and fucking and germs off your ass. I know I can't be on one that happened to y'all but I know I can't be on one that happened to later with the Lord be all of a sudden HIV co coming on. She looking at me. I'm looking damn you might wanna go get checked. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? I don't even know you like that. That thing about it life is about choices y'all. Life is about choices.


Life is about what you wanna make of this shit man. Putting your own game. Real talk. Putting your own gang thunder. One thunder beat the cell tonight Don Young motherfucker shape re that's a bad little young motherfucker. I like them. I like the thunder. I ain't gonna lie. I like the Celtics too. They probably gonna end right back up down there in the finals again. My Lake Upy nigga make a trade shit man. I I don't know y'all man. I be man you can want it you, it's just bad when you want it more than your team want it. Ain't that some shit. I just like with life with family members and shit. You, you want them to to have the shit you got but they don't want it man.


You know what I'm saying And one thing I'm learning about this life we living in man people fall lie with you for no reason man. I let my partner borrow $50. True story. I let this nigga borrow $50. Two weeks went by and I was calling them not about my $50. I was calling him telling him that somebody and and and and that we graduated with died. He announced, you know they text me back nigga I'm gonna give your little funky ass $50 nigga stop blowing me up. Damn. I wasn't even tripping about the $50 'cause I'm trying to tell you somebody we grew up with died but you want to turn it on me. You know what he told me. Matter of fact don't even call me no more Whole ass nigga. He did that just so he wouldn't have to pay me back my $50 that that's what he did to me.


I ain't say nothing. I did what any other man would do. I slid right in his girl and ouch. Heard the rent do it lives heard the Cardinal do it lives. I hur back on that shit. Meet me somewhere. For real. I been wanting fuck with you. Me too. Meet up with me. I got, I got a package for you. Real talk. She met up with me. I called. Where you at fam? I'm at the crib on the gang. I tell you what, saved by the phone. I got a blessing for you in 30 minutes.


When he hit me in 30 minutes. Guess what I'm going down through, down real out. You won. Give over on me. I'm gonna get over on you telling me, show me. Y'all gonna say I'm a dirty new show me. Y'all gonna say I ain't worth a damn. I ain't, I've been told you that. I've been told I ain't worth a damn. Don't think you gonna to get over on me and don't think I ain't gonna to get over on you. I from the old school like I always tell y'all if I don't get you in the wash I'm gonna get you in the rents every time. Real time. If you're watching this show right now then you gotta know we'll do a thing called a hell no real talk.


He knows what he and Said bubble since you got, since you got the Detroit line jersey on. Are you going for the Detroit line? Hell no I'm not going that motherfucking Detroit line. The Dallas Cowboys in my blood, it's in my veins, it's in my DNA. It ain't going no long fucking route. I said do would you ever move to la? Hell no. Everybody that's living in LA moving outta LA so why would I wanna move to LA No goddamn gang members down there. They still bang banging now nigga still gang banging now I ain't got time.


Okay Dub ain't checking in. I don't wanna be going nowhere. I gotta worry about what if I got on red if I got a wear on blue. No I don't operate like that. Who you with the nigga. That's who I'm with. The laws the cops see niggas be bad to you. Niggas beat you up. Niggas shoot you niggas do harm to you. They do all that to you but them niggas don't do that When you with the police do it. Hell no. They on they best motherfucking behavior and it's a lot of nigga always get on these apps and talk all that shit. I'm a real nigga. I'll do this and that. I keep it 100 but when them boy get behind them bars, them boy be talking.


They be talking you damn right. LA expensive. One bedroom apartment 4,000 a month. Never. I be staying in them goddamn camps. I 4,000 a month. You can get your mansion down here in in Texas for 4,000 a month. I'm not bullshitting you four bedroom five, four bedroom, three bath down here in Texas real tall. Come on down. You live like a king down here in Texas playing 4,000 a month. I'm not bullshitting. You appreciate old Omar. I'm not lying. 4,000 a month you can get a mansion down here in Texas on probably about 20 acres of land.


See, telling you the truth. Trash of the day going to the motherfucking cowboy. Trash can't beat the commanders, you can't beat the commander. You let Marcus Murray Yoga come in this motherfucker and light y'all ass up. Y'all seen Ary becoming the game little more once again I cut the god damn TV off my baby girl asked me Daddy why you keep watching them? They don't do nothing hurt your feeling. I know baby. I don't know but it's addicted Cowboys, it's a, it's it's it's it's a D watching them. They get you high and they get you low.


That's where they live with the cowboy man. But I'm no longer gonna be sad. I ain't got nothing to get mad about no more. When the game play I can sit back and watch the game and and just call 'em the way I'm seeing them and I can't wait for this weekend coming up with this wild court division. It's gonna be crazy. It's gonna be wild. It's gonna be exciting if you out here in Texas where I'm from it's gonna to get real motherfucking cold. Oh God damn right. Cold front coming through. Yeah. Got he going Right motherfucking now. See Texas, we ain't used to all that cold when I live down here next time so we get a little cold front. It Finn be like 40 degrees tomorrow. You think I'm going somewhere? I'm in the house all motherfucking day. Knock it's cold.


Shit. I mean your Creole snook up watching Netflix. Real talk watching all about the pen. Come on watching all about the Benjamin. If you watching this show, man I'm telling y'all, y'all nigga didn't hit the like button by now. You figure done hit the sheriff button right now. I know y'all done See my boy T Davis. He can post a picture. Y'all see it's her. Y'all see T Tank got a per and everything. I thought that nigga Prince, prince knocked out. That's all saying somebody get knocked out. Y gonna stop playing with thing.


I'm gonna be right there at the Barlay center watching. Oh yeah Dub. Oh tour too. We the Woo tour. March the second. I'm in Brooklyn February 1st. I'm in Minnesota. Let grab them tickets. Go to bubble dubt.com. Come out and see your boy. I need everybody to support me. Everybody that's watching this show when I come to your city, I need y'all to let me know DM me. Damn we in this motherfucker. I need to know that because I wanna make sure I come out and find y'all. I'm gonna get more people come out and find y'all. I want shake your hand. I want to take pictures with you. I want you to get some of this Bubba dur Bubba Merch I got for y'all. I'm a real I who fuck with me and whoever fucking with y'all in y'all life.


Y'all fuck with 'em. You got real people in your life. It's there for you when you need them. You be there for 'em when they need you. Real talk. You be up for 'em man, don't you. Turn your back on you be solid. Good things happen to those who wait and I know there's some good people that's watching this show right now that ain't got a break yet. But eventually your break gonna come. Your break gonna come keep your head up. You keep pushing. Don't be negative. Be positive. Even when things in your life is being, it ain't going right. You gotta keep pushing and see this shit through my boy. You gotta see this shit through my boy. Thank y'all for watching tonight's show. God bless him out The Volume.