
Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Keep that brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


If you like bacon, you'll love Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon. It's smoked for 12 hours. That's a really long time. So for that delicious, smoky flavor, keep it Oscar. It's time for that. Once a year event Truck week where you save big on America's biggest trucks, including the 12 ton. 12 liter. 12 hours of Oscar Meyer smoking thick cut bacon for half the day they're still smoking that bacon. If you're driven by your love of smokey, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp a pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is, it's on eBay. They've got everything breaks, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


The. Volume. Y'all see how I look today? Do it look like I really wanna come over here and and do this today. But y'all forced me to do that. I didn't really, I didn't wanna switch teams, I didn't wanna do it. Each and every mother in week. Loss after loss, after loss, after loss, loss every night I had to fight to prove my love.


Hit the like button if you just not coming on man. Hit the like button. Y'all hit the subscribe button on my lovely followers that subscribe to me and waiting on me to go live. Mother, because I love you but I got a migraine because I'm dealing with pain dealing. I'm dealing with real pain up here. Some of you probably wondering why B, keep switching teams because I'm trying to find the right one so you ain't gotta ask me no damn more about who I'm with.


I'm about to show you I'm a Buffalo bill and I'm a Detroit Lion fan and I don't give a damn who don't like it. Santa Claus ain't got to like it. He ain't got to bring me no damn presence this year. I ain't worn no way. So that mean I've been very bad. Do you understand what I'm telling y'all I here today the feel of death. Your Eagles told the Cowboys as I the bone third and third six we didn't have Dak. I don't give a damn If we had Superman we wasn't beating him so we were so ready to get rid of Dak. I know I was. He out rest of the season. He got a toing coochie in case y'all wanted to know Dak Prescott got a toing coochie, he got the Golden Columbia and get it.


So we ran in Cooper Rush Su left that motherfucker where he was. He sew his wall, he nothing but shit. 13 for 2345. Passing do what? 2345 fucking passing yard through three quarters. Cooper Rush is Do y'all understand what I said? I said a starting quarterback for America's team had 45 motherfucking passing yard through three quarters and the same coach is still on the damn team.


Mike McCort the ass shoulda been fired last night. Ain't no getting the team together. Ain't no damn meeting. You get your fat ass and go some of you fans up there disappointed you shouldn't even went took the damn game. You knew they were going to lose. We a lawyer fan base, we we just going hang in there and you going keep taking them damn ls too. You gonna keep taking them damn Ls each and every damn week. It ain't gonna get no better. Them motherfucker ain't gonna get no better and only this rush throwing for 45 yards. Not only did he throw it in a sensor, this man fumbled twice.


We already can't run the ball. Cge lamb had what six catches? 21 motherfucking yards like a hundred million dollar. Man you got six catches for 21 yard. Motherfucker you can't get, can't Barry sound get 21 goddamn yards. But you want your check tomorrow though Tuesday they get paid up the NFL every Tuesday. But you want your motherfucking check but all you can get me is sis catching 21 yard coming right at you. You can't see it. Shit. I'm Jerry Jones allegedly. I'm up there in them sweets worker ar anybody drop the ball bow.


You gotta put fear in them. In them Negro's heart bow were coming right up Your fam you had a touchdown, you couldn't see it. See it. You getting that kind of money. You supposed to see everything. You supposed to see God coming nigga and nobody know when he coming say he coming like like a thief at night. Nobody knows when a thief is coming. That's the way you sugarcane week after week. I have to keep coming on here crying and losing weight. I'm losing my hair and all that shit and Lord knows I need to lose the weight because I'm a BB n I'm a bad built nigga. Lord knows I need to lose the weight.


I ain't, I ain't. I'm just being real bad built nigga. Real I I'm a member of it. Some of y'all members of this damn BN on club too. Y'all ain't Bill good either. Some of you barely breathing on this damn show 'cause you ain't taking care of your medication. Take your medication y'all. I just don't know what to say about Dallas no more y'all. I don't man, I'm, I'm exhausted. The franchise Jerry Jones need to sell the damn team. I don't care what y'all say. He need to sell the damn team three and six. I'm thinking Super Bowl I'm yeah I'm gonna buy the ticket because my damn team ain't gonna be there.


Hell I might be in the same seat with the cowboy players. Michael Porton come back, he get two sacks but the season over for him. You been out two motherfucking months with a high ankle sprain. The same high ankle sprain. I told y'all LeBron get every other damn game. He rolled over on his rag last ankle but he don't miss no time. Michael Porton missed two damn months. I don't know what to say no more y'all. I don't. I'm I'm I know some of y'all puzzle. Y'all don't know which way to go no more. Some of you wanna stick it out. Some of you, some of you're making changes like me it's okay to change.


It's okay to put on another jersey man. Who going do something to you about nobody if you a flip flopper. It is and I always will be when she get hot I gotta go. I gotta go and get comfortable. Some of y'all like abuse. Some of y'all toxic. That's why y'all in them Toxic have relationship now with them women. Me my girl always fussing holler at me and hitting on me. You like that toxic shit Chad And you know it. You like the way Tasha act towards you when she feel like you talking and you like that toxic shit. Toxic shit end up in toxic resorts. You got a girl, she violent every time she get mad at you, she want hit on you.


You better put that motherfucker in jail. You got to start making people realize there will be repercussions behind your exes like he letting them women hit on you. I be damn my girl thought she was gonna on me shit. Them damn kid will waving a nigga goodbye because she going on down that down road. She going to jail ain't gonna pressing charges too. This happened too. 1145. She threw curling nerves at me Uhuh 1202 she threw a bun neck at me. I'm gonna let you know when a black woman take a buner and throw it at you. She mad. Sure did. And I wasn't cash out for $300 and she spit on me.


I got all right here on camera. Look at the time right there. You know I ain't lying. I got evidence just like we got evidence that the cowboys ain't worth damn three and god damn six starting quarterback out the season toing vagina though. Ezekiel Elliot can't hold a motherfucking ball. You get it nigga I give you this biscuit. You hungry. You hungry. I give you a biscuit Damnit you treated like this goddamn KMC biscuit. Get your ass away from me nigga you hungry. You want a biscuit, here you go. But you gonna want the damn biscuit. You done got spoil you want them damn roads from Texas Roadhouse.


Well this ain't Texas Roadhouse no damn mo. You got Popeye biscuits now Swallow and shut the up. I don't want her mouth no damn more down in the red zone. He coughing up the biscuit. I already ain't gonna win as it is but you get down there to the motherfucking red zone and cough the ball then you want go into the half time and try again and try. Oh we going to be all right. I have been throwing lips and rice on your ass in there too. What's going on with this nigga costing us the game? Cooper Rush. I have been throwing hands on him too.


Y'all talk that shit about mj, Michael Jordan putting hands on folks. Ask her you gonna talk that shit to me. I'm gonna swell your damn face up too. You think a damn haunted them throwing your ass when I get done with you. That's the way I'm feeling even though I know I can't really do this but if I was in NFA, I mean I'm strong and big shit now. I won't have a nerd man do don't even have on no cowboy jersey. I Begg you got on some other jersey. You damn right I do. You damn right I do now you niggas come on this show talk all this shit how you a player, how you all this and that and tell you what and you got, you got women but before you go in your house I guarantee you erase all them damn misses on your phone.


Big bad ass. No Yeah you woman talk all that shit all they want they in the driveway a whole racing shit. Shit no you bad. Leave that shit in that phone and let her go through it and see it. You know why 'cause everything in her name that mean your ass got to go. That mean you can't play the game like you wanna play the game no more 'cause you ain't got nowhere to play the damn game. That's the cap off me the thug going watch my team play. Miracle Team play. We on TV now. I don't want them on tv.


No damn more Cowboys don't deserve to be on no damn television. No motherfucker deserve to be on Toby. Put the Cowboys on Toby from now on out and run my prize. Pick commercial with it. Damnit that damn commercial ain't done them call me proud. Everybody think I'm rich now They seen that damn commercial. Let me hold something. Let you hold these hands nigga. That's why I let your bag as I let you hold these damn hands. Everybody like I hate, I hate people like this man. People do shit man. Like they they don't wanna do. People don't wanna do shit for theyself. Jerry Jones don't want to help the team like my cousin I'm going to church.


Hey man pray for me. Nah nigga don't get to church to pray for you. Pray for your damn self sick ass. I always want other people to do something for you but don't want to help your damn self. If you know anybody out there right now gets depending on you, depending on you don't want to help theyself, stop hipping them nickles. Stop hipping they rabbit ass let 'em so. And I'm sick of these damn people who own snakes. Quit bringing them snakes. Dead ass rats bring them live rats. They ain't hunting no damn dead rats in the and I started like that. Them rats be alive, they got blood. You gonna think that damn snake that damn pipe doesn't know that damn thing dead.


That's why they ain't striking. Earl must be sick. Nah nigga you sick the damn snake ain't sick to Snake Smart. That dead as cold ass rat. He want something alive, vibrant blood pumping through it. Same way. I'm glad Trump backing off it because Trump is about to ban deal dos and all that. Real penis is back. You damn right you women ya shit y'all finna go think you going through menopause, you finna go through some other withdrawals now the Rose finna be canceled. Real meat is back Jack you finna be some blood pumping through your ass now that cold ass manmade.


I just ain't gonna be able to get the job done no damn mo. Lord knows I'm gonna miss that rose my damn self. I'm gonna miss that rose my damn self between me and y'all talk about it no goddamn show. I don't wanna hear about no more me in that road. I don't want hear it no damn mo. I'm gonna miss that road but Trump say all sex toys are banned and damn it I'm with him. I don't like his policies but that policy of sex toys is banned in America all for that shit. That mean my one inch monster is back on the demand again. Damn. The Sunday NFL ticket, the the one niche meat ticket is back on the menu Y'all I don't even know what to say no more y'all.


I just don't want my Houston four four tipping ass Texan Z them Damn y'all got clacking them damn clacking right now. Then we gonna talk about it start out good. Lot of you people started out good. I keep telling you it ain't how you start, it's how you end. You started out good. The engine ain't looking too damn good. He fuck both those tipt. Don't start, don't start. We got the best team Jackson but you still ain't got no damn ring either. Let's keeping a buck.


Y'all talk that shit about them Cowboys all you want but your bag asses swinging asses. Can you paint asses ain't got no ring. Yeah I know your boy your digs hurt the cold car. I know but you got other players on the damn team that can buy all that tank over there. What's going on with Thetan in Detroit even though y'all won? I think Jerry got saving points two to down five picks. He supposed to be on the motherfucking bench or in the locker room One because that seems like that's where you wanna be.


That seems like what Jerry go wanted to be last night was in the damn locker room. Yeah they won but ain't nothing to be proud of. Big Meeks home. Y'all got to play better than that. Big Meeks deserve better than that and got his teeth done. Got the plug coming in next week from South America. Oh y'all think Meeks done shit? I know a thousand big mees. They right back doing what they do. Shit he ain't got to. He ain't gotta do it in the first damn time. Big Meech home Detroit. Y'all supposed be putting on fucking damn sick Can't plead playing like that and think you gonna win a Super Bowl.


I don't give a damn. What you say Jerry Goff you got to play better than two touchdown and fire interceptions. Man ain't no way of Texas should lost that game. Ain't no way of Houston four Fourt shoulda lost that game but they did but they did. That's a problem because you already in the A FC, you already with the the bad ass chiefs. Badass Ravens Buffalo coming on with it. My team Buffalo Mafia we him even though they ain't look good yesterday against the coachs but they him.


I want Joe Flaco ass Ben get a get Richardson back his damn job If Flaco not gonna come in and win, put a Anthony Richardson back in his damn starting position right now. We gonna blame in Franco. Shit. Shit Win. So ain't won a motherfucking fight for Free Park to the next game. That's all y'all win.


Hey it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people eat that Brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. Alright, what's our first game? Well I did wanna Ask Dabo before we start, I mean you were down 13 and you decided to kick an extra point instead of going for two. What was, what was the reasoning behind That? Well, Lord does math differently. We, God believes in different numbers than you. We count not to win games, Billy. We count for Lord Jesus Christ. You only live for one. That's right. Okay. All right. There we go. What's up with that? And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Are you ready to move easily and independently without pain or stiffness holding you back? Do you wanna look in the mirror and see a hydrated glow instead of fine lines and wrinkles? Now you can. With Native Paths collagen, this product will help improve your cartilage, bones, skin, hair, nails, and gut. And it's a single ingredient formula with no fillers, heavy metals, additives or artificial sweeteners ensuring complete purity and safety. Unlike others on the market. Native Paths collagen is completely flavorless and dissolves easily into anything. Coffee, smoothies, oatmeal, you name it the best part. Native Path offers amazing bundle deals. You can get three or six packs at a fraction of the price of other brands. With over 4 million jars sold 1 million happy customers and a no risk guarantee visit get native path.com/radio to stuck up on collagen for an incredible 45% off plus free shipping. Get native path.com/radio.


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You gotta put in time to get that rich smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar tired of tossing and turning all night on your old lumpy mattress, then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state-of-the-art memory foam technology will have you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah while you're sleeping. Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about Keep it. Oscar


So Pittsburgh yesterday. You know they beat Washington. Yo yo, they beat Washington 28 27 yesterday wasn't pretty but Russell Wilson once, once again when the game on the line he's a fucking winner. I told y'all boy Mike Tumblr not bullshitting, Mike Tomlin pulled a plug on on fields brought in. Russell had me raise my eyebrow like the Rock. I'm like, I don't know now. Now I don't think the man sugar lost his job but damn it Mike Tolin say shut up, I got this. I know what my offense supposed to look like. And you right, every head coach has a vision of what they offensive look like.


And I'm telling you right now, Mike tumbling is getting the results right now. So I wanna hear y'all tell me this right now. Is Russell Wilson better than Dak Prescott? Like you gonna say hell no. Shit. Shit. Yeah. You know how hard it is to take a woman from a trap nigga like future and for her to to to to go off of hair 18 more kids with me. She said yeah but Russell Wilson is special. And you know what it was that jail y'all can say love all y'all motherfucking but see I remind married a nigga that's financial stable and he ain't cheating on neither.


Now he a square. Shit that's that's kind of if I, my dog was I want them to marry somebody like Russ, I want y'all kid marry these dope dealers and all these rough ass niggas that I can't whoop. I know I whooped the dog shit out Russ in the fight. You put me more than one in the room right now Russ. I dog it man. I know I can't fight but when whoever open that door and look on that camera I'm gonna be in that mother getting off. I'm very confident. I feel that way too. I met Rus cool guy you know no disrespect but you put me in, you one the room, I'll beat your mother ass.


I'm not playing Russell doing his job in Pittsburgh right now. They believing up there and still see hey believing and I believe with him I see y'all in December. I be right up there in my black and gold. Nah I ain't Snoop Dogg nigga this do coming in the hide them motherfucker coming in the smelling like straight cush smelling like straight cush and creed.


Y'all probably wondering what's going on me, how I'm feeling. Show y'all Negroes how I'm feeling. God damnit. I want y'all to look at this and look at this real good lake or organization then David you keep getting poked in your motherfucking eye. Go get you some goggles nigga we need you on the damn court. Get you some damn goggles. You ain't look look I ain't nothing getting in now because I got protection. I got protection Lieutenant Dan you got legs, titanium, steel Thors, titanium steel JJ Rigg go out and get your boy some goggles and tell him get on that motherfucking court and do what you supposed to do Nigga Don rebound time I look around you on the motherfucking injury report.


Sick of it. Makers won by the way. I'm glad we needed that win Roy. You need to step up. You play bad. Three games in a row that was separate. Good player from bad player. Good players don't have no bad game. Two or three games in a row, they get they shit together. I'm gonna need you to go back to your Japanese roots wherever you from. Get down on them mid Latin match. Cross your legs and do yoga like, like Russell Simmons doing in Bley. Find, pray whoever you praying to and find your damn game boy. 'cause if you don't you big out in the G League with Brony. I'm if I'm a coach I'm not gonna have too many motherfucking conversations with you about your bad game having that you big out there with Brony now he can be comfortable.


He got somebody he know with him. Get your shit together Roy. You two D'Angelo Russell get your shit together. Know over this past weekend y'all, y'all was able to watch some of these boxing matches that was going on young man a doula Mason. I know y'all been hearing about him. I been talking about him still undefeated. He thought I can't think of the guy name but it was a no damn body dude. Baldheaded right here had her right here. I ain't never seen nigga like, nigga nigga heard like a possum swear guy. Dude like a possum but he rap doula Mason as dropped him.


Doula Mason ain't never been dropped, dropped him twice tight up on your defense, y'all talk that shit like y'all whoop these certain person. You better be careful what you say? I like a doula. He young. He gonna bounce back. He still warm. I like that he started it on his IG page too that he that he got dropped. I like that but that shouldn't be happening against the nobody and I hate calling people nobodies like that but nobody really know who this guy is at all man. And I hate, I'm not, I'm not gonna call nobody. Just a a a guy nobody knows. And how about that I'm rephrase that. I don't never wanna be disrespectful. Nobody but nobody knows who this guy is.


He put you on your ass twice now if there's somebody with some pressure you might have not survived that fight. That's all I'm saying. You came back, you so resilient. You, you so resilient that you could do that and that's cool and dy but that ain't a good look. That ain't a good look getting dropped tw that ain't no motherfucking good. Look no matter how you slice it, you and your triangle get back together, get back in the lab and get better because you got caught twice while you was throwing a punch. You were getting caught. That mean he's timing you now that I do know about by he was tying your ass. I know all about cocking back from River Georgia getting ready to Swain and and that's the last thing I remember.


I cocked back and then I'm waking up smelling like piss. God didn't just knock me out, he pissed on me like TI did Drake. I ain't never gonna tell that story but I told y'all today 'cause we family and y'all been coming on here with me and and you know growing with me and I gotta be honest with my audience dude knocking me out pissed on me and yo that happened man. And I ain't been the same since Sick of shit man I I I was getting ready to talk shit while I knocked the dog and I woke up pitch smelling like piss gather myself blood and shit running down my face and shit.


I thought I got shot that how much blood was on my motherfuckering face. Dude got down on me apparently dude had been gone 25, 30 minutes. I was knocked out for a minute. God damn I I woke up thinking about Hungry Man done on shit and you know a lot of my family members say I should let it go. You know what I'm saying is what it is but man when someone do you like that man there ain't no shit you can let go. You know what I'm saying? And my family member, I know my cousin can fight. When he found out who it was, he wasn't even like let's go, let's go get it. You know what I'm saying? Normally he like fam I I go get him now this time it wasn't like that. He was like man you just gotta leave certain people alone. I'm like not you fam you, you killer. The family know I'm shit you a rock Waller not a rock Waller running in the damn house because it's a goddamn gel outta him.


So One thing I'm concerned it's Agel. I hear what we need to do. We need to remove the damn So I removed it. I removed it. Damnit what it is. I live with the results. Call me Snitch. I don't give a da I'm a free one. I'm a free one. Kean Davis, he had a boxing match this weekend. He won too soon as they win. I like his confidence. He aint have a 13 fight soon you win.


I won't thank No you don't. You keep building your resume young man 'cause you a hell of a fighter but you stay your rabbit ass away from Tank if you know what's good for you. What they say Two months sober bad for your kidney. Well God damnit Tank bad for your kidney. No you seen the way Ryan PG took that knee. You do the same. You a do the mother fucking same. Y'all hyping him up. Yeah Don Tank need to fag. He ain't fighting nobody Leave Tank crazy ass alone. You nigga buy eight more fights before you get in there with you.


Same thing to Frank Moore and I love him Good boxer four good six F four. Damn good. Once again he ended up like me on his back waking up let get them side nine and a half four one. Nigga you ain't, you ain't got the mo. That's what Frank did when he raised up and seen James get them nine and a half shit. Nigga you had a fight tonight you ain't mother locker overweight. You in jds now you telling y'all boost in you on Philly? Yeah Boost in.


You steady calling Crawford. Not what I seen the other night nigga that dropping real shit. If that's Crawford you if that's Crawford it Crawford with that Ukraine. Your ass outta fan dreams and nightmares. I know you from Philly. I used to dream a night shade. You gonna be dreaming of something. It's time we get back to the drawing board. Y'all sometimes we got to be quiet. I'm I'm, I'm firm believer I like to talk CAD money shit to anybody till they write anybody to come in the room.


That's when you can't get me say a damn word. Do I be right. I'm good man just chilling man. You just enjoying life man. Yeah because I know I ain't the killer in the room no more. I know to be fucking quiet we could put a rat in the house and that rat make all kinds of noise but you put that motherfucking snake in that house. That rat ain't saying a motherfucking word. Why he was loud but you put a threat in the room. I'm not saying that's me. I'm beat bad. I'm the big bear bitch. I I'm I'm on Poor rich telling you what God love y'all sometimes you gotta know when to keep your damn mouth closed.


You can't keep telling good news to bad energy as people. They ain't gonna accept it. They gonna want hear it. Hey man shoot man I just closed this deal man. Bad English. When you go and tell somebody some good news they should be happy hell yo. That's what I'm talking about man. Man. But when you go and keep telling people the good news, sometimes they feel like you bragging. That's why you gotta get around people that's doing better than you. So when you are talking to 'em or telling them something it don't seem like you bragging it just regular talk. It's just regular talk and I like booting it's a lot but you better damn sure better make sure you ready for bug if you get it.


'cause sometimes we ask for shit we ain't ready for this chick I been trying to hit for years. I been talking all shit. I need you baby. I want you, I got to have you. I know you gonna be with every nigga in the city. I don't care. I know you done gave head to my cousins. I don't care. I girl I want it myself. I've been moaning. Ooh I've been talking upon I finally got it and I couldn't do nothing with that big monkey having the ass motherfucker that monkey were big. I couldn't do nothing with it but I begged and begged to talk the phone talking like I'm gonna do this and that. Knowing I couldn't do nothing big so she laughed to me text all the homegirl and all this and that.


Hey it don't matter to me only don't matter if I only hit you once. You are a part of my complex. Yeah they got me going around group chats. Yeah Everybody know I'm chicken nugget. Everybody know I'm chicken nugget but you can't hurt my feelings. I don't give a damn. I know my meat smile. I tell the whole world my meat smile. It ain't gonna hurt me. Why? Because I done got it and after I got it and got anger too, I'm riding around home smelling my upper lip. You damn right it's the upper lip game for me and real people. People that watching my show know I ain't lying.


When you gonna you something new, shit you riding back They that's that's a victory. Yeah that's avic. I ain't watched my face for a whole week. Come here girl. I still got your scent on me boy. Style. I'm serious. You mind I can come back and do it again because I'm tired of doing them. I won't be able to do it again. Y'all know what I'm talking about. That shit right there that do something to you when you riding back got the music on Jim. I'm banging fat Pat you I'm from, you know I'm from Texas man so you know I'm gonna put the old school in. I'm put the fat pack in. Why you peeping me?


Everybody knows that I'm a G baby. She peeping me. C peeping me. I'm rolling on the tow way even though I ain't got no damn toe weight tag. I'm on the tow way the damn way smelling my up a little feeling myself texting her too. On the way to the crib. Girl you was amazed. You wouldn't, you didn't even last. It don't matter baby. You looking at that. I last five seconds. I did but I ate you for 19 minutes and and 55 seconds and I stroked you for five seconds.


That's 20 minutes of sex hole. I say I for 19 minutes and 55 seconds and I stroked you for five seconds. That's 20 minutes hole. That's good business. That's good business. So no you didn't get the pleasure to meat. I got it because you was a treat. You think I ain't eating. You think I won't eat you on the first date. She how you, I don't even know you She, you dunno God either but you love him but you hate your brother. Never. God said I can you hate your brother somebody you see every day.


But say you love me for Woo. You ain't never seen putting something on y'all mind today. You Christians. Oh Doug know that Bible. I believe in God. Oh yeah he one believe that I never put no other man before. God never. I ain't gonna let you down. God never will. I ain't got no heaven to hell. You ain't got no heaven in the hell to put me in. But my heaven the Father do go dub and get deep dub and talk that talk and I walk it. I don't think I won't eat you on the first night. I don't give a damn what y'all say. I'm feeling you. You feeling me in the smoothest. Right. Come here, come here. Hey you rolling over the next morning. Don't know what the hell going on. I I don't do you.


Y'all work on my y'all I'm censoring it. It lovely. Just gimme time. I know how to adapt watching this show right now. You should gonna hit the like button. Should hit the subscribe button. You should be in the comments right now. Chop it up. What? Dub on another level and is ain't none of this shit possible. Ain't for guys. Nigga ain't for y'all tuning in and watching me and making this show do what it supposed to do. I told you I got pride for you on bag ass be on her model. Oh y'all got old boys. Oh yeah I called. Hey I need you on the show nephew. Gimme a time and date. I'm on it be now my aunt calling me boy I heard you going have sand on nothing. Tell him check his DM never don't broke, broke bad hip cat broke everything.


You touch broke. Never man that's your anger. I don't give a damn more than you damn a fuck up a good thing for you. Now my aunt sleep with now my, if I sleep with my anger, my anger going Rob that nigga he better not come in there with nothing because he come no any kind money he robbed it. Ain't nothing I can do about it. Ain't nothing I can do about it. My ain built like a linebacker. She a big woman. 6 3 235 pounds. I can't whoop ain shit it ain't try evil. Haven't seen my anger. Whoop real men. Whoop they ass out. Shit tell you nothing because my anger bigger than Michelle.


Shit ain't gonna be talking my anger like this shit putting on when you ache your shit. Not my anger shit.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry From way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop with Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Are you tired of waking up feeling sore and stiff in the morning? Or maybe the words bone on bone are all too familiar If you're over 50, chances are it has to do with the fact that your body isn't making as much of one specific type of protein as it used to. Dr. Chad Waling, our renowned doctor of physical therapy, says the overwhelming conversation he has with patients struggling with bone and joint issues has to do with this specific protein deficiency. The good news, simply adding it back into your diet is scientifically backed to support bone density, soothe joint discomfort and boost mobility. Plus it's the most abundant protein in the body. So not only does it reinvigorate the body with denser bone health, but studies have shown dramatic improvements in hair, skin, nails and digestion. Get the full story free of charge by visiting www.stopboneonone.com/ 200. That website again is stop bone onone.com/ 200.


Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So Sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Okay, bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before but it's a real labor of love You gotta put in time to get that rich smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smokey, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar tired of tossing and turning all night on your old lumpy mattress. And it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state-of-the-art memory foam technology will have you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah while you're sleeping. Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


Without y'all it wouldn't be possible. What I'm saying, doing what I'm doing. This show being presented by PrizePicks. Yeah you see it below going download the no one Sports Fantasy app right now man. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. You give a discount first $5 you spend, you get 50 instantly more or less on your favorite player tonight. Rounds playing. Yeah, a poer. Yeah the wide receiver for the round. They got him slate to have 65 yard. It's more or less Matthew Staffer got him Slate to have 248 passenger more or less Only on prize pitch baby. Only way you gonna win if you don't play. Gotta stop playing with me.


Some of y'all at work but you can't watch but you can listen. Go over Apple podcasts right now. Go to Spotify and download it though. Download. I need to downloads y'all. I need the downloads I need. I need it. Yeah I need it. Let's keep being great. Let's keep motivating one another. All that you D ride. Don't, don't don't listen to them people to tell you. D riding when you giving people they flowers, you give your people they flowers while they're alive and while they can smell 'em when they dead they can't do nothing with them. So if it's somebody you want to congratulate, you congratulate them. Damn what the naysayers saying, they gonna talk about you whether you doing good, whether you doing bad but just know they going to talk about your ass.


Well I don't know about that D, they may not talk about shit. They talked about Jesus. Hell they even killed him. You know who killed Jesus? Us we killed him. That's how I feel like Jesus was black. Niggas didn't believe he was the son of God. Just like today man that nigga can't dunk. Nigga been dunking out the gene. Man I got a secret for my eye so they kill him. Oh man surely he was the son of God. We made a mistake. You think I'm only here to put shit on your mind. I'm here to make you laugh but I'm gonna make you think too. You gonna learn some shit on this show. You gonna learn some shit about me.


I'm gonna learn some shit about you Show he knows what he saw and he's here to tell you We part of the show. What we call the hell no segment man. And I won't honestly say this to y'all. I don't know how in the hell y'all vegans do it. I've been trying to be vegan six hours. I'm about to die in this motherfucking house, eat lettuce all day and crunchy water up nigga and and fruit cups. Nigga I can't survive out no damn fruit cups. I'm a food stamp baby. I want some meat.


Poor child gravy. That's what I need. Not no damn lettuce. I how cut Yout do that shit. I need some Popeye three piece, spicy, dirty rice, strawberry soda, apple pie. That's what I need. Not no motherfucking lettuce. So with bubble become a vegan. No I would want to be because I'm bad Bill. I'm a bad bill. Look I need to lose a weight. Look at my stomach. I need to lose it. I've been thinking about it. I've been prey on it.


I've been sweating on it. That can't be no damn vegan. Sorry. Y'all let me know where I can do to lose this stomach. But becoming a vegan ain't one of them. I I'm sorry y'all. I can't do that shit. You got too much discipline to to stick around somebody and they cooking real chicken and you don't wanna take a bite of that damn chicken. You want the fake chicken They look like man hell no but no such thing if vegans in the Bible but y'all shit nigga I'm a meat eagle. I'm a con. Do you hear me? I'm a mother getting call ball and them damn meals at them jobs.


They getting better than better. Oh them goddamn meals. Them five people buying now it's getting better than better. We having pot now work fucking pot white people running around dancing and shit explaining the numbers. They ain't never talking numbers with me 'cause I'm dumb. They talking numbers to me. Shit put me on stock. Oh my god. Damn. What's going on? Yeah you should get this stock right here. All it takes is 75. I ain't got 75. I got it. I don't worry about it. I'm gonna set you up. I like when white people are happy. I told you when white people are happy, Negroes is safe.


White people ain't even locking they doors no more. When they cars, when they drive up no more you can see the lock button up. They smiling the dog in the window and they in the window white people back kissing they dogs in the mouth again. Shit. Ooh what a wonderful time they ears. Some of y'all running around here mad and at the world and these white people kissing they dogs again. That mean we got some wait that's going bema figure us all. That's all I'm saying man we they ain't gonna give us scraps. Even scraps from the king's table is better than nothing. Better than nothing. My black beautiful women that's watching this show right here at night, Bubba do won't look you.


No I love you Keep doing. You don't change your thing. You keep wearing them lace fronts F them nickles keep wearing them braids to your scalp tight and you can't sleep at night. Goddammit, don't change a thing. Black women keep being you if your ass flat goddammit when you die they be flat. When you die like you women going out here more. More a fake ass but more a real man therefore, therefore that's all I'm saying. What you saying dude? I'm saying the damn Dallas Cowboys today was the eulogy they died that it's over.


Ain't no more motherfucker coming back. They have been cremated for me the next year. Right now I'm Bill Mafia, I'm Detroit Mafia. I'm Steve Mafia, I'm chief mafia. Damn everybody I am, I'm who would say I can't be with everybody. God help everybody. Why can't I, I'm trying to follow in God image. Lord knows I'm a singer. I'm trying to follow this image. I wanna help everybody Lord. That's what I'm trying trying to do here today. She I cut back on my cussing. Yeah I'm working on things. You gotta work on certain things sometime man.


Even against a a goal of yours. You want set I'm setting goals and boundaries again with myself. I kind of lost myself a little bit y'all. I ain't gonna lie. I kind of lost myself a little bit. I never been arrogant, I never been thinking like that. I don't think like that but I kind of lost myself. I kind of lost my way. Or you let people come in and run your business when you need to be the one really running your business your damn self. I mean y'all got, I'm just gonna come over here and do it. Sometimes you gotta take control of your shit. Dub ain't been on your shit. Y'all dubbing kind of lazy and thinking other people gonna do it because that's their job. No, when you a boss you oversee every damn plan and I'm only giving you this is free game and giving it to you real.


Can't nobody run your company like you can run your company your damn self. Yeah I know you on the outside looking in. Oh man I'll be doing this And you say that shit. Lemme tell you real talk. Run your motherfucking business yourself. Can't nobody run that like you just giving your game. Everybody's watching and be wanting to know certain things in this business and this and that. You pay attention to what's going on in your damn self. Stop leaving you and it up to other people to do. You do it your damn self if you want it done, you do it yourself.


Simple as that. That's all I'm saying. And and and and and the way I'm gonna go back to the Cowboy with Cooper Rush. They need to send that motherfucker to that same G league where they put Bro I cannot get over that. That boy had 13 for 25, 45 mother freaking yards. Why is he even a backup? And I'm gonna say this and I know y'all ain't gonna like it but I said we got one on this show and I'm gonna keep it 100. If Cooper Rush was black he'll be released. That motherfucker would've been released and y'all know it them kind of resource.


Mike McCorey ass sugar been fired. He shook big. His big ass sugar big in house at home on the couch. Some bullshit going on with Dallas. Y'all there's some bullshit going on with the Dallas Cowboy and y'all know it and I want off tv. I want the Dallas Cowboys on Tubby. What they belong too much Organ Bickery Michael Parson talking about Mike McCourtney and all this shit. Boy you just a player play play the game because they'll get rid of your ass too in NFL cut throat.


This ain't the NBA them players in the NFL get to talk and their cash money shit they getting traded or they out the league. I'm just telling you like it's the NFL is a club. They mean them owners can vote whoever they want in or out no matter what. It goes through the club. Good old club if you know what I mean. What you trying to say damnit? I'm telling you what it is. How many Black NFL owners is it? Goddamn. Damn I hear crickets. I say how many black NFL owners. It's you hear my point.


Oh Magic. Magic. Don't own that goddamn team. You own a piece of it and not do mean a piece. He can be the face of it 'cause he magic, he smile good pretty teeth and he's safe. He got the neck of a rod nor Magic ain't gonna get up there and say nothing wrong. Get him 30% of it. Goddamn damn thing. Call that when we gonna get somebody up there that's running shit when we gonna get a Mexican own God organization or something bad enough us black. But we gonna give an essay in that motherfucker god damn charge in that motherfucker running things.


You won't because it's a fan club. They want who they want in and out of it. Free game Jerry Golf shaving points. I'm sick of it. You boxes that can box. Stop calling out Tank knowing you ain't ready knowing you just want to check and that and if that's just what you want. Damn it I don't blame you but stop calling our tank knowing you ain't ready for that action man. Devi hanging. Where your bag ass at? Where your bag ass at De it's time for you get back in the ring and make some shake. Last time we seen you in the ring, your ass was in the air getting up off the canvas.


PED Rhyme was on your ass like back pocket. He cheated. He might have did but I can't forget what I seen. I can't forget what I saw. I saw him, I saw him put hands on your ass. I saw Bill Anger dis perfect two or three damn weeks. Didn't want to talk to no damn body. It all he wanted to do what? Talk shit about Champ Damn Leave Champ alone. He retired Champ buying appointments and sleeping with holes. Leave him alone. Leave Champ alone. He good. He chilling relaxed. He retired with the boy.


He good. Tired of the disrespect. Y'all giving the champ. I'm tired of it man. Man 50 and no whether you like him or you don't like him. Char those brothers, they sick know what's wrong with them motherfucker. They drinking the guy 2 88, some goddamn wearing Houston, some drinking, jumping on people and all this other shit. I supposed be interviewing one of 'em. I need to pull up on him. Charlo brothers need to get back in the damn ring and let's get to it. All that gon shit and all that. Let that shit go fam. If the hole gonna be a hole that'll be ahoe.


It's time we get back to what we great at. And Charlo brothers can fight whether you like or not. They can fight. Yeah boys can fight. Let's get back to what we used to do that go for me. That go for you. If you are a painter, get back to pain nigga. Yeah quit washing them damn car. You can't wash cars but you can paint. Get back to paint nigga. Yeah we gonna win to the rap. See how things gonna change. We rapping car now let's get back to the candy pan again. Let's get back to the seventh coat. Seven coats again. Fuck them raps. They get back to the real bank. Let's get back to the 80 folds nigga. Real nigga ride 80 folds. We gonna ride threes.


Yeah. Time for the Texas to get some new, the one they got cracking. We ain't clacking coming down. MLK. Yeah let's get back to the belts and buckles. Yeah. Buck high. Yeah, let's give what Grain Stern. Let's get back to that trash sugar day. Going to Mike McCourtney trash need to be fired. It shit should be simple Mike. We got to let you go. Ain't nothing else to be said and walk off but I'm real. I'm cut though. I do.


I man fact, fact the wife up I ain't seen at the game because fact the wife, I wanna see him at the next game. I want. I wanna see a whole family kids. I want see him. You sure? Yeah. Soon the game will win. Aloo Mike, y'all come on. What is it, jar? No, he got the shakes. I got to let you go. Have my body go walk in and escort y'all off the motherfucking premises. If I'm Jerry Jones. That's what I do. I gotta let you go. That's what you need to do. Some people in your life right now that mean, you know motherfucking good.


You got a hole on your team right now. Don't do nothing but lie. Still keep shit going. Got shit going on with you and your baby mama. She just got you all in the trend. Don't even want you to see your own kid, but you still a fucking mother. You know what you need to do, baby? What? I got the bitch. It's gonna hurt to get rid of your best head give, but you got the love. Thank y'all for watching today's show Tomorrow, mean UNC going live. Mean unc going live tomorrow. Y'all gonna wanna miss this shit. This shit gonna be his best. So wherever y'all want me to ask unc, y'all better flood. Y'all better flood my coming section right now. Wherever y'all want me to talk to uncle about y'all better flood the comedy section right now. Shut this shit like it.


Subscribe it, go and download the Apple Podcast. Spark. Go and download it, not bullshitting. I hope y'all enjoyed today's show 'cause I enjoyed it too. Peace, love it. Come out The Volume.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances, and with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet was Really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by yourself securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who were not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So Sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. It's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


If You like bacon, you'll love Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. It's smoked for 12 hours. That's a really long time. So for that delicious, smoky flavor, keep it Oscar. It's time for that. Once a year event Truck week where you save big on America's biggest trucks, including the 12 ton. 12 liter. 12 hours of Oscar Meyer smoking thick cut bacon for half the day they're still smoking that bacon. If you're driven by your love of smokey, thick cut bacon, keep it. Oscar.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart. In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. I enjoy seed. I appreciate the support people. Keep that brazel. This'll never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.