
This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Have you guys seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other, but then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this. This commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. You can learn more by following at what's Up with


Hate Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin Slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG W Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions. Apply


The Volume What to do everybody welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Do. Man. You know I woke up this morning. I I, You know I woke up. First of all, I want to say thank God for waking me up this morning, but I woke up kind of upset but before I even get into this Morgan show 'cause y'all ain't what for Damn either because y'all supposed to be at church. I ain't in church. You ain't in church. But we still gonna give thanks to the good lord though. But hit the like button, hit the subscribe button man. Make sure when you subscribe to The Bubba Dub Show you keep your notifications turned on because you never know when we gonna go live.


You know I'm out here on tour on the Wigga Warrens tour and my schedule kind of hit it right now but I had to make sure I come in this morning and talk about things. I have to get these things off my chest right now. I can't believe that for the last two weeks I've been sitting around, I've been waiting on bro to get back with the Lakers so we can do our thing. He came back last night And we still fucking locked. I don't understand what bro come back. Everybody forget how to fucking play standing around watching cut do something. I ain't saying we supposed to win every game y'all, but what I'm saying is you got to continue to play the what? Play. Play ball the way you was playing when bro wasn't there, ball wasn't moving last night.


They weren't playing no defense. They got got rebounded. They turned the damn ball over. Got damn Chicago Bull stole 146 damn points in your home. In your damn home. We look like we was on shrooms. If you ask me the Lakers look like they was on Shroom last night, they look like man I ain't tripping like, like we supposed to win. It don't happen like that in the NBA right now. Lakers are the four C right now. And I just simply just feel like it was just one of them games last night that they lost. I'm not mad about it to be honest because it is what it is. But I what what I'm more concerned about right now, what the Lakers is is You know we had Ruey coming back, we had him off the bench doing this and that but then you thingy Smith you ain't showed me a motherfucking thing in nine weeks.


If you watching this show right now, You know I ain't lying dingy. Finny Smith ain't done shit in nine damn weeks. Why Rob linker go out there and get giggy? Chi ain't what for damn need to release him now Lakers do some good things then they do some bad things but I do not know what they seeing in gin. That motherfucker seven nine can't get two goddamn rebounds. They might as well put Ronnie in there as send them. At least he can get some motherfucking rebounds. Everybody on here talk. Not everybody on here but You know Golden State. Golden State ain't gonna win a motherfucking thing Isha ain't it?


Curry gonna burn out about to worry about no Golden State shit. Y'all mark my words on this right now. Have y'all seen the way Luca look the last I'll say 13 days his his body language, his hands ain't over his head no more 'cause he ain't tied, he getting his shape and to me, I'm gonna say it right now. Luca Dungeon is better than Dirk And you can say what you want but he better than the, And we all know Dirk is a hall of famer. Dirk is the one who sent LeBron home crying when he, when he guy with the he. I just gotta be honest on this show. About what? What went down? Dirt carried that damn mouth seen by his damn self on one leg them shag wearing and Dallas niggas up there was celebrating like a motherfucker.


That's when things were good in Dallas then no three were living yellow trapped. They god damnit they was a all star team together. Now look younger. No but I ain't concerned about the Lakers right now. I'm gonna be honest. I'm not. They'll be okay. I know a lot of y'all keep saying they play better without LeBron motherfucker stop it. The ball might move better without LeBron. LeBron do be stopping the ball sometimes but overall as a team Lakers is not a better team. We got LeBron James let's stop that old bullshit ass talk right now because we all know when the playoffs start bro will be activated.


Gloria James will be in the in the stands Mama God LeBron threw that goddamn talking now go and give Gloria James a kiss. Goddamnit your ass in trouble. JJ Regg coach of year JJ Reagan should be the head coach of year for Los Angeles. Los Angeles Lakers for the things he have done Last year we had Bumpy Johnson, we weren't doing a motherfucking thing with bumpy losing every night. You seen what the head coach fucker did on Nugget said Malone said the Lakers is a is a total different team up under the JJ Red. You know why? Because we running real motherfucking offense. You know why? Because we studying them. We know what them would do do good.


Just what the Lakers do we gonna stop you from doing the no ain't no different me when I married they hoe. See we sleeping with everybody in the city so I couldn't stop her from cheating. But what I started doing was everywhere I go, oh you going with me? I got ring cameras all over my damn house. I'm watching my goddamn phone every niggas you can't piss me. You can't slow ahoe down from cheating you a mother fucking lie. Now he dad You know ain't lying fellas you get on the internet, you go out here in the world now my cousin telling me hey shit fam shit I'm celibate Now you settling me shit. So you done gave everybody in the world some cat Now you wanna be celibate.


You ain't celibate ho you retired. Don't nobody want you no damn fool. Niggas don't want you guys don't want you. No you ho go out here and fuck everybody y'all can that want run to God God tired, God sick of your foolishness Then when you do want to get with somebody, shit you ran you everybody but you mouth gonna settle down. Bitch you shoulda settle down fifteens ago. Here come a dumb black motherfucker like me now I got to wipe you up. I ain't gonna lie. I be wiping these ho I don't give a damn. I don't care who she been with. Long as she with me now. Now get your ass in them smaller me some pork chop green bean.


Yep. Mashed potato with the road. Don't forget the bug on top. That's your problem. Some of y'all miss out on your blessings 'cause you're too worried about what people gonna say man I can't believe he with her or I can't believe she with him. Man shut your mother fucking mouth and let people enjoy they life. Some of y'all on here right now. Old people are a apologists but you won't do it because you got too much motherfucking pride Now for all this year some of y'all on this show been watching this show, been talking down on Bro James. Well damn it y'all old James apology. Y'all see that motherfucker couple ago he was out there shaking and baking.


I thought you were Ricky by the way. He was out there shaking yours And you just like GI Ringa said if you give bru James more min he will, you will source to see him produce more and more. And from when I'm seeing now from IGA bru James, I see a young man that's ready pause. Regg is poised. You gotta think about all the scrutiny this young man dealing with every day. Everybody expecting this man to live up to be like his dad. He'll never be LeBron James we talking about the 55th pick. Ain't nobody never talked about the motherfucking 55th pick but when talking about Brenda James, oh he gonna belong in the league. Do you still think that now do you actually in your mind feel like that bru James shouldn't be in the league right now?


I don't think you can really say that right now because the way he looking shit I ain't saying, I'm saying you right now bru James. You can start saying, you can start saying you can start putting him on that in that category with Jamal Crawford. Now he ain't Jamal Crawford now he ain't going, we ain't gonna go there but you can start putting him in that category with Jamal Crawford. The more minutes, the more confidence he getting. He's out there shooting threes now fading away. Shit. Brony look good to me now what? I want him on my team Absolutely not. I don't wanna deal with the circus because I know the fans going be calling for Brother Jane to be in the game and not. Ain't what we doing.


That ain't what we doing. I'm a head coach. I'm running the seven man rotation and God damnit, he ain't in that seven man rotation right now. But is he a NBA player? You god dang. Right heels and y'all need to come back on here right now and apologize to bro James. I get it. Some of y'all feel some kind of way. Some of y'all are just mad. Some of y'all are just Hager 'cause y'all wasn't shit and your kids ain't shit and they is what it is and that's okay. That's okay if your kids ain't shit in sports. I wouldn't shit in sports ever but I'm on here talking shit. It can't stop me from doing what I'm supposed to be doing. I'm just saying I'm shit.


We gotta start, we gotta start admitting what we wrong yet. That's the thing with that. We gonna never wanna apologize man I was wrong in my back. We got too much pride. We gotta start putting our pride to the side. It's too much shit going on in the world. I see my brother Charles Walker done went down nigga Memphis and got shot. One of his organs got killed. When we gonna stop all this killing man we get on here, we fuss, we fight. We always wanna blame the white man for this and that but it's our own kind killing each and every mother fucking day. Don't y'all nigga get tired of killing. Don't y'all get tired of gonna funeral. Don't y'all get tired of eating on food? God get tired. Put it on so you're getting bad news.


No your cousin died. God, why can't we grow old and die? Why no, why can't we die of old age or some shit? Oh why can't we die from shit that's rare Like, like a foot fungus. But we always dying behind the gun. Emotional human beings get emotional and want to go and grab a gun and want to kill people. That ain't the way. Put your hands on people with these right here And you live. See another day I done took about 75 ass whoopings. I ain't, it ain't make me wanna go shoot somebody. It made me go downtown and press charges and put they ass in jail for a couple of weeks.


That's what it made me do. But it didn't make me want to kill it didn't make me want to harm nobody. No you can get people back just not by putting them in the grave man. And that's what we are doing. That's what I'm constantly seeing from us is is gun violence man. Like innocent children is being killed, innocent bystanders is being killed. And I always hear people say man, children is off limit man we all human beings, why can't we all be off limits man? You know what I'm saying? I got kids growing up. You don't know how it is to not didn't even want your kids to go outside and play or or or You know, or go certain places with other family members because of the unknown shit that's going on in the world today.


And it starts with us. We have to do better. We got to stop getting mad at one another when shit don't go our way. We got to start getting in our cars or wherever we at and leave ain't, we ain't gotta do no ar Don't argue with no fool man because you ask me a person who loves to kill, who loves to grab a gun, they don't like pussy. I'm just being honest. They like men. I'm just being once ain't nothing in jail but men ain't nothing in up hard me. That's what you want because that's what you telling me. That's what you're showing me. I got family members that keep going back and forth in that motherfucker that let me know They miss that boy now.


But when they come home they go hardest thing in the city. Guns selling dope jumping on people but you ain't jumping on no niggas in their jail cell. Hell Nahh you going and two ass up writing   like you a man but ain. Now you when stop. Is that what Martin Luther King died for? Is that what Malcolm died for? I don't think so.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque in towing capacity or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This Is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Have you guys seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other. But then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this. This commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast Here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the bracket the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple first round Matchups Yon versus Oklahoma McNeese. Stay birch Clemson in terms of a teams with a shot to win the whole thing. I really think St. John's has a chance. Coach Rick Pitino, who's won two national championships already with a pedigree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee State over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against prion also, another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the tournament by wining a play in game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in our team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more from me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can grab a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger Marsh Madness.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Prohibit Dr. Beck,


if you're watching this show, man, I'm just praying for everybody's safety in this world. We lost a legend, George Foreman, boxing legend. Some of y'all might know him by the grills that he created. George Foreman was a two time heavyweight champion Olympic gold medal. Oh oh oh. George Foreman. Man you talking about a man who was a man's man, God friend man that You know we all sins and this and that. But Joy foreman me man, you talking about a man who lost it all and came back and got it.


You understand? I'm talking about, I'm talking about I think Max being up here losing everything, kind of remind me of that thing in the Bible with Job. Some of my people who, who be in the Bible man, You know, job lost everything and God blessed him back with it. And I know what y'all thinking man. How we go from sports to talking to this because that's what we do. This just ain't a sports show. This a everything show where I, I try to touch on topic 'cause you never know what people are going through out here And I, it's things I wanna talk about but I just want to give credit and and show love to George Foreman. You know he had that big showdown where Muhammad Ali, Muhammad Ali played Possum on the ropes, got old big George Tiger and got the victory.


But also George Foreman was one of them guys at 45 years old Come outta retirement. Yeah. Knocked the plasmas I Michael Moore that what got, that's what got my man George Foreman back on his feet. Born in Marshall, Texas. So You know we Texas Babies J hell me and Big George, we Texas babies man and defeated Michael Moore was the heavyweight champion of the world. Again, I don't know if y'all watch that movie, y'all should watch it. It's a great movie on George Foreman and how he transferred from boxing and then he went and created the George Foreman Grill. And I don't know if some of y'all old enough or young enough, but my, my, my, my fan base is old enough. Y'all know that God George Foreman Grill was close.


That's the first time you could motherfucker with grilling inside the house. Les means pancakes that damn joy Foreman grill. You can do it all y'all know I ain't lying. The plug your mama that motherfucker with the Joy Foreman Grill and they treated that goddamn joy Foreman grill like a car you can't borrow it. Your that joy foreman shit. My brother got one right now and it was healthy. It would drain the grease and everything out of it and ain't know black people. Oh I'm eating healthy now. I got a Joy foreman grill now. Yeah I ain't, I ain't eating all greasy food. You right. But you eating ass from the back nigga Make it make sense.


You gotta make it make sense sometimes man we, we, we, we think we getting ahead but we really not But oh I pick a joy for me man. He meant so much to the boxing world man. The man was 76 years old man. Man look a long time And You know some people say 76 years is young but he look a life that man I could, I could only imagine growing up. I think he was born four nineteen forty six, nineteen forty nine. He was born somewhere in the, George was born. You know what I mean? He, he seen it all. He seen segregation. He seen what black folks, we couldn't go in certain restaurants and eat.


We couldn't talk to white women like we do now. And it's funny man don't y'all know that shit man. Like we couldn't, we, we couldn't look at white women and and wink at 'em or or try to holler at them back in them days. They would beat the shit out of us. This, that and the third. But now they can't, you can't keep these white motherfucking hos off us. They into now. And some of my black women, You know y'all get mad. Duh. The white women, you need to stick with your own color. Mind your god business. If this white girl won, come over and get on this goddamn mushroom tip. I will. I didn't give a damn.


Not fucking I with this white woman Dr. Omar. Mind your business nigga. Yeah you can't even take care of your own kid by trying to tell me I can't run up in this white girl. Never. I give this white girl but she won't. And then afterwards I'm gonna lay up with her and eat apple pie And I ass too with blue belt homemade ice cream greet and tell me who I can and can't date. I they who in the hell I want day now I'm gonna stay with my sisters now. I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm gonna stay with my sisters 'cause I love y'all. Y'all need love. Y'all need support and ain't God it but God when they come down for me to want some head, I'm calling Becky every goddamn time.


Becky gonna come through that door. Becky gonna drop them motherfucking clothes. Becky gonna get straight down on her knee and get straight to beating it. She ain't got to punch the clock, the clock in. She ain't doing all that. Becky will work off the clock. Niggas ain't doing that. They going overtime. I know you told me you gonna gimme 200 bubble but since I'm doing this I I need 300 talk so you gotta remind me black hoes what you gonna dump from em? You ain't got to remind me white ho. They don't give a damn about none of that. They just want suck some I but come on over, let me give you my G code.


Shit can give them black. Hold your black coat. Can you give 'em your black coat? They baby daddy find out about it. They home girl find out about it. You go outta town. I go outta town and do so when I come back ain't nothing in my goddamn house. I don't have to worry about that with the white girls. You think a white girl you go outta town. She come over there and wash your clothes. Take your dog out pig take em to the vet. Give them real, give him organic food. Don't give them, they don't don't black people gonna get their dog left over. Niggas too come back home. Dog got worm dog sit then a mother can't do that. I still gonna stick with my black women though. Guess something about them HoCo butter smelling motherfucker and just me parents motherfucker.


I know I don't wanna talk shit like I want them white women but I just want my black women and my Mexican women Maria Real. My, my my my aunt, my little old maid come on I'm clipping her ass on. See I'm clipping shit. I'm real. She bringing me hot tamales on the road and every damn thing she legal too so God damnit we ain't worried about ice Maria. Real legal God damn right. I gotta her ride my down. That's your assistant? Yeah my mate. Yeah she go everywhere I go she can make sure my clothes earned and neat but the whole time I'm giving little Maria real this I'm hit the sauce in that mother too. Like what you gotta do? You got to keep everything on the low every your business ain't everybody business.


I know sometimes y'all we get to doing good in life And we wanna start feeling ourself. We wanna start getting money posting it and then all of a sudden Now you getting robbed. It ain't everybody business that you got money. It ain't everybody business. You got a big house, it ain't everybody business what you do sometimes you gotta keep shit to yourself. Sometimes you can't even tell family members what you got going on because they be the one plotting on you too. If you live long enough you'll understand what I'm saying to you. Sometimes family can be your worst damn enemy. You ain't gonna come around show you love man I'm proud of you. You're doing your thing fam or you're doing your thing girl you got your little beauty shot. I'm proud of you but when you leave they going to somebody else talking about you like a damn dog.


That ain't what family do I want real motherfucking family member like Sylvester on Rosewood. When they white men was in there putting me to his cousin, God Sylvester wanted them damn bullets that white man didn't want to give to him. What Sylvester say? Well okay then get your shit and let's go. What that white man said? Whoa, whoa. Hold on God then so if you, I'm a friend of yours and somebody talking down on me, God damnit you supposed to stop her. Look I don't wanna hear that shit. What you gotta say about bro or what you gotta say about her if you can't say it in they face then damnit don't say it loud because I don't want to hear it. That's what we gotta start doing in life. We gotta start correcting motherfuckers when they wrong.


Just like your bad as kids right now. Some of 'em eight, nine years old going to the store stealing. You want bring them back. Don't do that no more. No. Hit that motherfucker in the eye bow. That's what you do. That's how you stop it. I ain't saying hit your kids none of that shit. I'm just saying sometimes you got to fuck your kids up. That's all I'm saying. Talking ain't gonna get it done. Some of these women day fellas. I know your baby mamas y ain't with 'em no more. You can't really discipline your children. You want to 'cause this hope might not let you see your son for a couple of weeks or this and and that. But you gotta put hands on these motherfucking children because they outta control these 18, 19 year olds. They don't give a damn about life.


They out here killing in broad day life cameras everywhere and they don't care who the these gonna robbing banks with mask going live afterwards. Boasting money. Who does that? And we gotta stop picking and choosing. A dude could go out here and shoot somebody. The dude live dude come back and kill old boy now y'all want justice. Stop it. We got to stop this old monkey shit we doing man.


I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But I'm gonna do my part. I'm gonna continue to try to be the best dude I could be best friend, best homeboy, best comedian. I can be. I only can be one way and that's real with people and telling people what's on my mind and And I think that's how we can get a lot of things solved out here man. It just being honest with one another man. If somebody calling you and and just let 'em know, oh bro I can do this or I can't do that. Like it just simple. But we gotta start holding people up here to a pedestal man. We all human, we all flawed, You know what I'm saying? We only here for a little while. Like the Bible say, this world is not my home.


I'm just passing through. That's real talk. George Foreman had it all money, he passed away now he can't take that grill with him. We wish we could warm his ass up and bring him back to live but we can't. My big housing can't bring can't bring him. Can't take it with you. You can't take it with you man. So I'd rather have a a a good name man. More than anything. A good name goes a long way Now I told y'all I'm gonna take y'all on this journey with me. I'm On this week ones tour right now with Mike ips, Corey Holcomb, Lil Duval, Carlos Miller, Tony Roberts High, high Davis Mojo Brooks Country Wayne.


Man, I'm feeling better than I ever felt in my life. When I go out on stage, IIII get a high off the laughs You're talking to a man who used to perform in front of 4, 5, 6 people. Now I'm performing in front of eight to 10,000 people each and every night. And I don't take it for granted as I want to get better. IIII wanna be great. And that's for anything you do. You you want to have progress. You don't wanna be stagnant. You wanna a sin nigga sin and a sin. So to all the people that's watching this show, all you artists, comedians And you always wanna know, man, what did you do?


Number one, I kept god number one in my life. Number two, I I stayed consistent. I always stayed in the people face. Whether it was through skits or whatever it was like you, I always wanted stay consistent man. That's how just be consistent. When you on your job And you been there not being late, showing up on time. Being somebody can count on you, it goes a long way. It ain't where you start. I keep telling y'all that. It's where you in. Some of y'all didn't have a good childhood growing up. Some of you didn't have your mama and daddy in the same house, but you didn't let that stop you from being what you are now.


Some of y'all are very successful And you ain't never played sports, professional sports a day in your life And you are very professional And you, you, you successful. Don't let nobody take you from that. And I'm gonna continue to preach this. Stop letting these women think making you men think they they you, you not in they league. I see a lot of men man. I wish I could talk to her but man I I know I ain't her league. What kind of motherfucking league? This whole guy, this whole still borrowing money from her mama. Her, her baby daddy ain't paying child support. But you think she ain't in your league Nigga stop it. A mind is a terrible thing to waste. I'm telling you now get around good solid people.


Don't be, don't be afraid to tell your ideas to people. I know a lot of people right now got money and they don't know what to do with it. Man. Get around the right people. Get you a team and y'all invest. That's your money man. That's what these white people do. All these banks and all these people white people got 'cause they come together. We can't come together. We get mad one time we don't. I ain't fucking with him no more. They dead to me. That's the wrong attitude to have in this world today. Why We can't get ahead. Why? 'cause we get mad. We get high headed. Don't let a female be involved and then it is really up.


Yeah it's a lot of motherfucking men in jail behind some funky assholes And I just can't blame the women either. But I'm saying because pride, excuse me. And ego get in the way. Never letting pride get in my way for me. I'm trying to handle some business. I know some people out here in the world gonna like me now. That's cool. You don't see me mad and talking about 'em. I'm something I'm not going to do. I don't thrive off negativity. I'm gonna be positive over here. So if you got somebody in your life right now and they causing chaos move off around them, you they gonna mean you better than them. Just move. Just remove yourself from toxic situations.


Man. I told y'all last week man. Women think being toxic is a zodiac sign. It's not nothing sexy about being toxic. You got to wake up when we gonna start loving one another your homeboy come in bro you fly today. What's wrong with that? But in this world man you riding deep man. Get off that nigga dig man. Nah let your brother know. You never know what this man feeling. He might not ain't being able to buy the things he could buy now. Now he buy and compliment. Hey bro boy you fresh. Yeah keep that shit up boy. I like that. Or your home girl. Hey girl, you, you wearing that dress. I don't give a damn if it came from Rainbow Girl, you look good because it's not the clothes, it's the person.


Somebody watching this show right now probably think about killing theyself. Don't do it. It's not worth it man. Don't take your life. Don't cheat. Don't take the easy way out man. Get through it. I'm here for you. You people in the comments they here for you. Yo. We might laugh and joke but this is a serious album man. Like I talk my real fans that pulling up comedy shows On this week of one tour and supporting me and going to Ticket Master and leaving reviews. Man I appreciate that shit from the bottom of my heart man. Like real talk. I got a couple of films coming up too. I'm about to be a part of y'all. Stay on y'all be on the lookout for that too. I promise y'all I'm working and I'm never going to cheat y'all. I'm gonna give y'all what I'm supposed to give y'all and more because got y'all.


I wouldn't be in this position I'm in today. So start giving people they flowers while they're alive. 'cause when they dead they can't do nothing with 'em. Yeah fathers, if you can get in your kids' lives, man. I know some of your baby mamas make it hard for you. But don't let that stop you from being a good parent to your kids At least call if you can't see 'em. At least call them. Talk to them. Tell your young sons that you love them. Young King. I I love you WW no matter what you do in life, as long as it's positive I'm there with you. Even your daughter. Your daughter need hugs man. They need to feel that love from they father because when they get older they go looking for from everybody else man. And that's when they become hoes.


Yeah when your dollar get 25 and 30 And you wasn't never there for they start looking for niggas like me and God here I'm I save I'm I'm going run those ain't you Watching this show and then


You know it presented by prize pics. I keep telling y'all that man go and download prize picks right now man. Download that. Use my promo code trash with the two H's baby and more Mads going on NBA going on you could be running nigga right Now. You betting more or less on your favorite play over there if you watch basketball NBI mean Kylie ba you, you got Cooper Flag go over what your weight on. I told you DM me. I will give you my picks. I gonna always win but sometimes I do. I win more than I lose. I can tell you that.


And if you can't watch this show, go to Apple Podcast. Go to go to Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show. Let's get these downloads up. Let's get these views up. That's what we doing now I know y'all done heard just like I heard the REM max between Tank and Roast going down and Jewel again. Damnit. That's what I want. See I wanna see the best fight the best now that first time on On Tank. Thank you. Appreciate that $5. Now that first fight tank, that was your homeboy but I bet they won't be friends this damn on time. Why? Because Tank feel like the world feel like he lost. So now he got a point to prove. Now we finna see the real Javonte Davis in that ring against Lamont Rose and don't think Lamont rose don't back down 'cause he not.


This is what it's all about. Man to man eye to eye nut for nuts. Glory for glory. I'm going the mine. That's what now I don't know what kind of vagina Megan. Good guy but god damn Jonathan Male. He a mayor. Y'all seen that motherfucker where he get they all they crying you going, shit God making good. Still got muscles down there. Some of your women in watching this show 48 and up. You know God damn well you ain't got no more grip down Now you need to hang it up.


Hi this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Have you guys seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other. But then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this. This commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Yo, What's good it is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast Here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the brackets the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple first round matchups Yukon versus Oklahoma McNeese Stay versus Clemson. In terms of a teams with a shot to win the whole thing. I really think St. John's has a chance. Coach Rick Pitino, who's won two national championships already with a pedigree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee. Stay over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against pressure also. Another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the turn by booing a playing game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in our team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more for me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast food gotta be Wendy's Right Now you can grab a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger Marsh Madness.


Hey, it's Amy Brown from the Bobby Bone Show. Join me in supporting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital for a chance to win a trip to meet Megan Maroney at the 2025 iHeart Country Festival in Austin, Texas on May 3rd, hosted by Bobby Bones. We're gonna hook you up with tickets, flights, hotel, food credits, and a meet and greet with Megan Maroney. Take action now to support St. Jude and help cure childhood cancer and you're gonna be entered for a chance to win. Visit iHeart country trip.com to learn more. Well shout out to Megan Good and Jonathan Mays, man for getting married man, man, found love man.


You know everybody else didn't want, don't do out. You know what you got with the pastor. He let a go. You know when the pastor get rid of you, You know so ain't right when a pastor get rid of you now. But like I say, it's nevertheless never what you was just what you is now. But how y'all feeling today is Sunday. I can get to make it to church as y'all see, I'm over entertaining y'all. But I'm still gonna pay my tithes though. I wish I could be in church more what I do And that's on me that that's that's just on me. That's me and the good Lord, me and him got a a great understanding man. And and stop letting people discourage you and tell you because you gonna go to church and this and that. God ain't gonna bless you man. Don't listen to that witchcraft type stuff man.


Long as you and God got a relationship man, that's you and God. But I just know for me personally, I need to go to the church and sit down and and praise and sing songs and feel good 'cause I'm around a lot of temptations and a lot of devils every day. And I need to be around some saints and and pray for me and I'm gonna pray for y'all. That's all I'm saying man. I just, I just wanna be around. I just wanna be loved man. And I wanna be loved for not, not for who I am and not for the things I got, but just 'cause I'm a good person and y'all should. Y'all should as well man.


Man I'm just, I'm just in a good space. Y'all augustly. Hopefully y'all in a good space. If you're not, things will get better and don't give up. Keep chasing your dreams. I'm gonna get in the chat and chop it over with y'all. See what y'all got going today man. I can. A big raid already. Megan Good. Got that onion book. Hey she do like man, like Megan Good. You know she married now so You know, I can't even really talk about it like that no more. But Megan Good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She the one real talk Tammy. You know, You know I love y'all too. You know it's, it is all love on my end Also, any of my fans, any of my people that watching the show, You know I'm in the Hampton VA tonight.


If, You know, if y'all, You know somebody that's up there in that area coming to the show with love to come backstage and kick it with me, DM me, let me know. I'm gonna try to make things happen. I'm gonna be in Chicago soon, Baltimore, soon Inglewood California coming up Oakland, coming up Arizona coming up Dallas home, You know it's going down a town home, it's going down. You know if you rock with me man, let me know, hear my dm, I'm gonna try to, You know, get about two or three of y'all to come back, stay kicking with me, introduce y'all to Mike ELs now. And I just, that just me giving back like, 'cause I know some of y'all, You know, some of these people y'all look up to and love y'all.


We wanting to meet him ain't never met him before. So if I, if I can bring that joy to y'all, I mean that, that's just what I'm willing to do. I just appreciate everything y'all, y'all do for me on this show. This show is growing. I want to continue to watch it grow. Once this tour slow down, I'll be able to get back on here more consistently and get in front of y'all and talk my shit like I'm doing like of my fans. You know I'm letting y'all know now. Me personally, I'm gonna go ahead and let y'all know now. I think the Cowboys gonna surprise a lot of people this year. We ain't going to no motherfucking Super Bowl. We ain't gonna do all that now. I'm gonna be real for one. We ain't going to no Super Bowl, none of that.


I know y'all heard me say Jaylen Hurt was better than, I mean Dak better than Jalen Hurts. I was on per thirties. I apologize but I think we gonna be all right though. I don't, You know we gonna be all right but don't get, don't get too excited now. I ain't gonna lie. I'm gonna come back on here and talk shit first game of the season And we win. I'm gonna say we going to the Super Bowl but that just me capping God damnit just ride with me. I already done talked about it. You late brother. That's the first thing I talked about when I came on the show. I talked about the Lakers getting the as beat last night bro. And that's just what it is. But it's just one game. It don't define us, it don't define the Lakers.


We gonna be all right man. LeBron back now, You know he had to go take him a juice break and God damnit now we Finn, we Finn, we finna crank it back up. Luca done lost weight. That Dick Gregory died is working that that, that this ain't trash. I set him up through there through Bronny. It's working. Ain't ain't nothing else to talk about. God damnit you, I mean what, what is it? It's March gonna be April May Shit play off next, next month. Oh. So I wanna tell y'all something too. Next month I'm gonna be doing a a a playoff party. I'll let y'all know soon. NBA playoff party. It might be a Dave and Busters near you.


I just wanna let y'all know now. But y'all wanna come and watch the NBA playoffs with me when they kick off. I'm thinking about doing another Dave and Busters so I'm gonna keep y'all, y'all stay tuned on that. We're going, we're going have fun. I'm gonna pull that off. We're gonna have an NBA playoff watch party in in a, in a in the city. I want y'all to pull up on you boy we gonna have a lot of fun and I'm talking about a lot of fun. I'm gonna have my merch on deck too so y'all, 'cause y know y'all been in inboxing me about Wayne with shirt. What shirt I got y'all. So be on the lookout for that. I promise. You Know And you, You know some part show where people hit me up ain't gonna be asking me questions And I let 'em know if it's hell or not or not.


Somebody ask me would I would've, if I would've had the opportunity would I would've married Megan. Good and oh no, see you heard 50, she be on half a Hollywood shit. Imagine, imagine you thinking you got you a trophy And you walking around with her and 10 15 niggas un here. Nah. And You know she done gave him head too because the way she give you head. So you gotta understand that man. When a woman give you head that she that good, you like man she cold or giving head. You ain't the first one she gave it to bro. She can gave it to that man and that man and that man. I can't live with that dog. I'm too tender. I can't fight but I'm too tender.


That's all I'm saying. I love Megan Good though. I couldn't marry her bro. She been X, y, and z. I know I talked about it earlier, I'm kind of contradicting myself but I couldn't be working. I ain't gonna say I won't knock her down without no condom now I ain't say all that. I ain't say I wouldn't do all that because You know Doug go route dog. I'm not wearing no condom ever but I couldn't marry me Good. Hell Nahh, I can't do it. Kanye man, what the fuck going on with Kanye man? Kanye gonna lost his motherfucking mind talking about JC kids bro. Like come on now. He playing crazy now. He ain't on his medicine. I don't give a damn if I'm Jay-Z. Kanye got to see me with the hands though like he got to.


I'm telling you if I'm j, if I'm Jay-Z, I'm putting a old fashioned as whooping on Kanye West and Jesus going walk lost his damn mind man that spotlight man, all that money Kanye got and he's still empty. You understand he got everything in the world to us but he's still empty inside. He can go out and get that thing as white woman. He with Bianca. But that motherfucker still ain't Kim, do you hear me? He can go out and grab every woman he tried to get now a resemble Kim Kardash but they ain't Kim nigga goddamn fool fumbling Kim Kardash shit Ray J too a goddamn.


Y'all seen Ray J lately nigga build like a goddamn launch. Shit your ass down one. Wish we could be no I would be ashamed to yourself man. Niggas do anything for attention to Fame. I heard disrespecting your baby mama, your wife. Come on dog ain't gonna do that on public like that dog do that shit behind the scenes nigga don't do it like that dog. Suge Knight Diddy dropping bombs. Hey Master's, the world we live in this day man. Diddy still behind bars man. Yeah Diddy behind Ball but it's a lot of other motherfucker need to be behind bars too.


Yeah, real talk my partner Y Y B in jail man. Praying for his family, praying for Mo three family, praying for anybody who lost lives in that situation. But y if you, if you come home man you better take your ass to Boley nigga you better find Russell Simmons or somebody man. Get your ass up outta him boy. I'm telling you. But shit sad out here man. I'm praying for everybody, all pug is involved man. I'm losing so many, so many of our brothers to violence and You know I believe in being proven guilty.


You know soon as somebody go to jail, y'all just wanna throw stones at 'em. I don't do that. I like to sit back and and let shit play out for what it is. But at the end of the day we all losing kids, losing fathers, mothers losing sons. It's sad man. It's just, it's a sad situation We in right now today, age world. But I'm gonna do my part in loving being caring and being understanding and and not putting people in the graveyard. I can do my part. We all need to do the same man. We gotta stop getting mad and like I say, we wanna pull pistols, that's it. Plague out our grandpas and uncles and grandpas done this shit. We got to be able to move forward in life.


We can get on here right now what I'm doing and preaching and then soon I get here I go grab a gun. Ah, that's bullshit. That ain't the business because just like I woke up this morning, I want you to wake up the next morning too. Even if you don't like me, I want you to wake up the next morning and see me bow them. That's joy. No a motherfucker don't like you, but they got to wake up and watch me bow everyth. That's the beauty in this shit And ain't no better feeling in New World. Waking up in the morning. I'm watching one of them thick motherfuckers go to the restaurant, I'm sitting back, I watch. I'm like one of them goddamn Mon goose when he see that goddamn black mama, black mama see one of them snakes.


He don't run. He's now, my meat might have been dead two hours ago, but when she go to that goddamn restroom, when I take that goddamn little old group pill, he feel rise again. King of Scott Boys with a guy, God. Right. Thank y'all for watching today's show. I appreciate it. I see y'all again tomorrow night. I'm gonna go live again tomorrow night. Peace and love. I'm out The Volume. Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity.


Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast.


Have you guys seen this new commercial from standup to all hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other, but then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this. This commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. You can learn more by following at what's Up with with hate.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes. Us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Mercer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal.


In fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.