
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com we've done your homework.


Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights, speaking in public, the list of fears is endless, but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark, wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep? The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving. Eyes forward, don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume. What's up everybody? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hell we him, we back dressed from the Super Bowl. I'm back at the crib feeling good. How y'all doing though? Y'all talk to me today ma'am. You know I'm dying in the age baby. It's raining down here. My tires already slick. Tires already bad raining people want me to run erring. Hit the lock button. Subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notifications on. You never know when we going to go live over here on the bumper dub So nigga it's toasty and you women ain't going in that kitchen and putting no putting no meals on they you eating dark cold nigga.


You eating dark colds today And let tell you Negroes on here, this baldhead that can't and, and that can't grow no damn hair. I'm not arguing with you. You need to grow up not arguing with no nigga who can't grow no hair on top of your damn head. I won't do it sucker. Y'all baldheaded mother who gonna run up on me? You stole my, you stole my parking spot. So you name ain't on this parking spot up on me like you wanted to do some shit. I was bad today. Y'all dude rang up on me. I had my phone on me.


I had my phone on me today. I wasn't See whatever you wanna do. I tell you what y'all at mother went and got back in this car. He knew. He knew I had that rusty ass 38 snug nose on me. I would friend to God if I had to use it that it wouldn't jam. But I had it on me today. I had my chest, I had my girl with me. I so out today babe. I ain't know you like that. Yeah, I'm like that type shit. My heart was beating fast and my mother, I just wanted to get that guy let y'all know day I had a little rung in and somebody rang up on me. I had my phone on me. I had to let him know I I used this mother, I used it.


I'm joking. She don't know it but know I'm really scared. I'm telling her you, you better girl. You, you better tell him you better go, you better leave. Shit. See I'm here when I got that pistol I'm hitting him. But nevertheless though man let me go on, go on get to the sports. I know that's why y'all here like th crazy. What is he talking about? I'm talking my Jerry West. I'm talking my Kanye West. I'm talking my Lakers body. You see what we did to Utah. I'm in his ass wife. He play against the Utah Jazz. She came, I ran last rode Grant. Come on, come on.


How you big bad asses over her right now And let's talk. Let's talk the last 14 game we 12 and two. 12 and two. And that's without ad. That's without local talking. My defense never. We third in defense. The last 14 got third in defense. Oh y'all keep talking about y'all need a big man. We got, we got, we got what we need. Y'all see Hayes, we Finn finna turn Hayes into Capella. I remember when Jane Hard and him had Capella down here in the Rock.


That's what we finna turn Haer to. He finna be another clean Capella watch. I ain't gotta LUKA yet. I ain't, I ain't gotta LUKA yet. What else re doing? Getting off do you getting off Pistol P Rolling over this mother and gray right now. It's two white. That's Hoover rolled over this motherfucking grave right now. There's on the lakes getting out. You shitting me.


All the people that said it wouldn't work. LEBRON and LEBRON look they ain't gonna fit together nigga Parcels don't fit. People fit together nigga. Yeah I'm excited. I don't wanna don't y'all get on here talking about Joker. Joker can't beat no damn King. Give a damn about no joker. He better take his rotten, his raw salmon now back to where we got the face of the league over there. Look all start breaking.


You ain't playing nigga you going to get lipo. They got the best lipo served on doctors in la. He gonna be just fine. I'm gone get him wrapped up, bandage up real good and shit. Look, figure lose this weight. I watched him, I watched that fast. Motherfucker rung up and down that floor two times after that he was huffing and puffing hands on his head and here nigga you tired, you been laying up eating goddamn damn rock up damn dollars when you wasn't playing you ain't gonna do that shit here you gonna drink juice and it hot tamales in that lady. Nigga you going do wrong of the, I'm loving what I'm seeing from me goddamn wildfire labels and not do mean wildfire bro out there playing like he 32.


Tell me I'm lying bro. Got a pepper in his step. I know LEBRON Ja ain't love ad maybe he didn't have nothing to do with ad leaving but you can't tell me your happiness ain't just like when your girl at the house and she leave that house and you look out the window and she gone and you run and driving that Vaseline come on. That's the kind of happen that Bru had when it found out he had local. She gone. Hell getting off quick no love ad God y'all think ain't feel make a change in la. They already done took him to the Playboy mansion. They done broke Lu in real good. My homeboy walked passed him before the game seen smelling like kush. I knew it.


I knew bro gonna rub off. I know y'all thought bro gonna rub off on the strength and conditioning but bro and bro rubbing him off on that smoke. Do you own that smoke? That's why brought it because he had no motherfucking shots. He was high. You know he got a, he got a, he got a condition. We forgot bro. He got a hard condition. He got smoke so don't judge him but Ys is in trouble. You know you fucked up. Don't y'all say it. You know you done fucked up don't you? I want every, you know you done fucked up. Don't. That's why Juan tried to call and knock like this pool.


Hey course cool LEBRON get his fifth ring. Could I'm LUKA couldn't even win with Kyrie. Aint he gonna win with LEBRON because Kyrie ain't bro nigga. Oh y'all forgot. Oh Kyrie hit the shot. Well I hit majority of the motherfuckers. I don't care if you did hit one. I hit majority off just like be ho. I don't give a damn. You can't have me no more. I don't give a damn. I didn't have your once good enough for me.


Good enough for me. It's what I'm saying. I don't think y'all hearing me tools. I don't think y'all understand what I'm trying to tell y'all right now about the label. I know the Thunder got something. I know the sale's got something. I know it but they ain't got no god damn key and they ain't got no goat. The spacing on the floor is going be tremendous because you ain't going double bru and you damn sure ain't finna lead Luca in the way a AR 15 shooting the ball right now. You ain't leaving him open then you got Ruy open. He gaining confidence. You got Gabriel. I'm from some South Miami Vice Anova. He ain't gaining confidence if everybody on the team is gaining off.


I gang confidence baby you in trouble now I wanna play some defense now I got y'all talking. I shot he great but I'm gonna put Pando on. I win talking this shit today. Ain't gonna, I know damn well I am. Oh you think Doug will coming with stats? You better know it. I'm coming with everything. Not saying the Lakers gonna win it. I'm not saying all that but if we go out and get, go out and get Jve McGee, he's somewhere in Australia right now eating fried roaches. Come here dude. Come here. Bring your As back over here. We gonna give him all his shots 'cause I ain't gonna tell him what he gonna contract it over there.


You know what I'm saying? We gonna know we gonna get him all these shots because Trump don't play that shit. You going over these foreign country and think you coming back getting us sick. You going got another thing coming. If you sick you gonna stay your sick ass over there until you wa and when you wa you can come back but you gonna get your shots nigga you gonna get your shots. I'm just telling you like you right now, Whether you a Laker fan or not, you have to admit the Lakers are looking real damn scary right now. Yeah it ain't even Halloween. It ain't even hollow. Lot of you niggas running out here going crazy behind y'all girl.


Thinking about what you going to give her some for Valentine Day. Get that wholesome cle. That wholesome CLE six months supply from from Sam's Club. Does she need it? Need to tighten that big fast swollen mole. Ooh look at my moose knuckle. Ain't no moose knuckle. That's a big si Siberian title. Big motherfucker open up and ah whatcha gonna do with that? Nah, can't do a mother thing with that. What's wrong with you? Shit, what's wrong with you? You talking about getting the fat out your stomach need to get the fat out Your dad.


Yeah that's what you need to be getting something. Your lady that book that vagina, that's what that check outside out to Orlando Brown. That's what we gonna start fixing.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site but why is it their sleek ad free user interface Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com we've done your homework,


Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights speaking in public. The list of fears is endless, but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark, wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep. The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving. Eyes forward, don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Come On.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see country music's biggest superstars, Brooks and Dunn Boogie. Thomas, RT Rascal Flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Marone, Bailey Zimmerman, Nate Smith all on one stage hosted by Bobby Bones, iHeart Country Festival. Olivia Streaming live only on Hulu and you can be there in person. Tickets are on sale now. Don't miss out what is up Austin, Texas man. Get yours before they sell out@ticketmaster.com. That's ticketmaster.com and we'll see you at our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One.


How y'all doing though man? I'm on one today man. I got a lot going on man. That that little situation earlier man. That little altercation that I had, man got some tall head after that too. I burnt her head oh square beating this nigga head gas. I blew her fucking head gasket up. She caught me too. I was feeling good, feeling pumped up. I'm adrenal them rushing right quick and she got all excited like oh you getting me hot? I turned my back to her real quick. You know what I'm saying? Put that, put that, put that in my mind real quick. Got started jumping up and down. Gotta let my bloodstream real good and honk the shadow no con come come here to gone down and get that plan B if you got to.


I'm not pulling out why I'll not do such a thing. Got a phone call earlier too from my aunt. Hey nephew, we thinking about having Easter at your house. You got that big old house. Got that big old backyard. We going have Easter. Easter at your house? Yeah. No goddamn Easter eggs. A dozen eggs talking more than a per 30. Yeah you go Easter, you better do it at the church but you not doing it at my house. I be damn if I waste money on them damn eggs, shit I finna paint them damn eggs and all that. You know how much a dozen shit.


Oh grocery shop, see how much a corn eggs cost and you think I finna do this for this shit. Ain't you gonna lost your damn mind. Get up off my motherfucker phone by the way, why you ain't up there visiting your ard last son that's in jail. Yeah you ain't talk about that in church this Sunday. You talk about everybody else going to jail so kids going to jail. But we ain't talking about Georges going to jail though. Why is fam in jail stealing? Yeah I heard 'em down at the feed store stealing but why is this damn animal start skinny and he's stealing feed? Yeah I heard about white folks already kind of told me no I'm pressing charges on your cousin. Good boy.


Good nigga you nigga witness I'll be one now. We ain't doing no motherfucker in my house. Hell no. Family knows they want. Come over here and look and see what I got and then shit. And he tell me how God done blessed me. I know but you want me to bless you Never. You want God to bless you. Let it happen organic. I won't be the one doing and I'm not getting in God's way either. I'm not doing it this year. I'm not doing it. You motherfuckers going have to start going fishing for your damn self. I can't no longer provide the ride, the gas, the the, the the fishing pole and the ba shit. I'm not doing neither.


No damn home. Y'all ain't there for me when I need you y'all what were y'all at ago? Huh? When my baby mama boyfriend start putting no goddamn things on my head, not shit on my face. Y'all wasn't running to help me then Y'all are running to Facebook laughing and talking about me now you wanna run to me because you need some damn bake potato and bake you. You in your store. My my lesson I learned my lesson with black folks damn near functions. I'm not going no damn more wonder why I'm at. I'm with the white folks. I'm out here sack racing and shit but I ain't hanging with y'all no motherfucking more.


Just don't know how to act. Sorry y'all got off track but it's some shit I'm going through in my life man. Some shit I'm going through in my life. I know y'all seen that damn only fan chick. She told on her on her best subscriber the OnlyFans chick snitched on her own. Well she exposed her on her best subscriber to her thing. Just who? It was a pastor pastor up another goddamn OnlyFans getting off. She going to tell him Pastor this ain't right. This ain't right. Pastor told her technically baby you making money with the body God gave you and I'm just keeping the blessings going Do you hear me?


That's a real n And he makes sense. You are here making why that God gave you. Ain't nothing wrong with that because it come from God. It's heaven sent. He sent that man now to give that girl all kind of money. That's a blessing in itself right there. See some of y'all are special kind of stupid telling on what you eating. Oh tell it on the mountain looking ass nigga. See you always crying to God women about having the good men. You always crying to God about you need help with them kids. You always crying to God buy while your vagina ain't good as the other women but when God seen you certain things in your life you don't want it, it ain't good enough for you.


I I know you say I guy asked for a man but I ain't asked this one. You asked for a man, you ain't ask whether he was tall, big or spot you for a man you don't want him. But then you go out here and get my goddamn cousin ass stu this can't read write can't fix a car, can't do a motherfucking thing but put that strap on. That's the only thing she can do. Good. But you wanna put me out aisle for my goddamn ard ass stu cousin. I don't understand it. I don't understand it. I could get away with putting hands on. I would but I don't believe in dv.


I don't do that. I don't believe in that But yeah my cousin got my girl. I ain't, you know what I'm saying? Well she, she wasn't my girl. I just thought we was 'cause I hit one time but it's all good. I ain't tripping so y'all don't wanna know why I ain't coming to the reunion. That's why punk motherfucker going through it right now and and and and you know I'm, I'm reverting back to my Lakers. The Lakers gotta have eagle blood in them 'cause they kicking a the eagle, the Lakers got some kind of eagle blood in them 'cause they kicking a, I'm keeping the 100 now I have to piggyback off that my Kansas City chief fans.


I know why Pat Mahome look like he played on lower towels. Y'all look at this shit right here. Y'all check this shit out. Y'all see that? Do y'all see that? That woman doing witchcraft at the motherfucking game. That's why y'all can't see it. What the of Patrick now he was a little too goddamn dark to be Patrick but we know who it was though. I think that was his Dagg face on that motherfucker because the damn show wasn't Patrick. Do you hear me that see it. That's how y'all lost that woman.


Put that boo on y'all ass. Normally Patrick Mahomes on the sideline chewing up his goddamn mouthpiece girl. I mean you know what I'm saying. Mouthpiece or yo there talking. He wasn't doing none of that. You know I ain't lying. He wasn't doing none of that shit on the sideline. Trevor Kelsey didn't know who he was. He think he outta the Osborne now Travis Kel played like Ozzy Osborne all of a sudden Travis Kel get that old. He didn't that woman put that shit on them board. Man I'm telling you. Super Bowl can't be in New Orleans. No damn mo. God damn Refs didn't know if they were coming to door. You know damn well the refs going always side with the chief.


They didn't look at the scope and it wasn't even that damn close they goddamn door. Show it again y'all goddamn door. I'm not. Oh shit what it was. How y'all feel about that though? Because y'all took ass whooping dog. That wasn't no regular ass whooping. Like teens don't get they ass beating on the beat like they got no Super Bowl bro. Like and I am not a conspiracy theorist 'cause I always believe you know the Eagles won get fair and square but you pick the last game of the year to to look your worst.


Yeah. Two weeks off to be prepared. It don't seem right and I know the defense of the Eagles is is Mons Come on now. Come on now man I I some something wasn't right. Nah at at that. They nigga get that goddamn woman outta here now if you can do that shit with that dog then you can do that shit with Trump. That's all I'm saying. Make a goddamn Trump do y'all telling open up the motherfucking flood gates they boiler down there in Mexico. Tell open it door. Let this shit come through.


Let it come through here. Let it come. Price is sky high right now and my people down here they can't thank it. Open it up one more time Trump for about two weeks. Let them motherfucking let 'em come in. Let 'em come in and white people voice by the hundreds by the bow. Let them come in jail. The city much better when you flood it. So all I'm saying I know flood ain't a good thing but it is in certain things. Cut the streets got flu it sometimes baby. That's all I'm saying.


Y'all talk to me man. Y'all quiet Valentine day coming up man. What y'all getting y'all girl man you know what I'm saying? Diamonds. Y'all getting her some roses. You don't what y'all get this whole this hell for a woman. What? What y'all giving her? Has she has she been good? Has do she deserve to get anything? That's the thing. Everybody wanna be lovable. Are you but are you lovable? Are you lovable ladies are you doing the thing doing in the beginning? Are you doing the things for your man that you was doing in the beginning brother? You know how I was when you first talking to your girl you want to talk to her.


Everything. You couldn't wait to call her. You couldn't wait to text, you couldn't wait to be around everything. You wasn't hanging out with your homeboy no more. You going to see your miss give you butterfly man. Man bro she do something to me but I don't know what it is. Ooh she make the hair raise up on my neck. You been with her about five years now. You don't get the same feeling no more do you? She ain't the same size no motherfucking mo. She about bigger than you. Nah ain't you? Yeah you ain't, she ain't giving you butterflies no more harm. She giving you migraines and headaches and God heartburn. I ain't shit. I know damn well she is. She really a goddamn mental patient on the cool you niggas be want other people, women. Y'all just don't know what have these be.


Mental patients be need to be on a cycle. What? Because they throw bitch when they going get what they want. So any nigga think they want something mine come and give you'll you'll bring this big store motherfucker back. That's all I'm saying. Telling you the truth. I wish I was lying to you but I'm not. It ain't the same. Please he ain't the same no motherfucking more. Yeah you remember him from high school. All state went to college. Yeah D one and everything falls down now that salary motherfucker don't want to go to work now.


Yeah nigga and them football days. Basketball days over John you have to get you go. You gonna get you your damn CDL and go go. He keep holding on. I blew my knee out if I wouldn't have never blew my knee out. That's why I'm smoking now 'cause I blew my knee out. Yeah that's why I'm drinking now 'cause I blew my knee out. Nigga shake that shit off and go. You got people on this show right now. Lost their mama. Lost their daddy. Don't know neither one of them but they out here making it happen. We got to stop making motherfucking excuses. I didn't do this. I didn't do that. Nigga get up off your ass and go make some of yourself brother.


You ain't got, you ain't got, you ain't gotta make it in sports nigga be a doctor, lawyer, firemen a police, whatever you want to be. Stop making excuses man. That's something we ain't doing in 2025 black people. We ain't making no motherfucking excuses and we ain't taking no shit either. Don. Motherfucker get outta line. We real discipline. We real discipline them not with guns though. We ain't doing guns with motherfucking hands. We ain't doing guns. That's what they want us to do. Grab them whipping then they can act on. Won't happen because I wanna be here tomorrow. You should too. We going learn how to fight. We gonna learn how to fight.


We we going to learn how to motherfucking love but we gonna stop hating one another. We going to stop hating 'cause my brother got diamonds in his teeth. We gonna stop hating 'cause my brother got a new car. My brother got a new high. My brother got everything going for him and I ain't really got too much going But that don't mean I'm going hate though. We going to get this shit outta our bloodstream. We gonna start being there for one another. Your kids need you to come to they goddamn school. Your kids need you to come to the event. Your kids need you to come to the football and basketball game. Take 'em to cheerlead practice. Damnit we gonna come together. That's what we gonna do. That's what we going do. That's the only way we going to make a change. We can't make a change with doing this. We can't make a chain with doing this.


You can't make a chain when you all you think oh you can put that meat on and she going to be good. Yeah for two or three days then that whole right back nagging Can't fixate your meat. Can't fix everything my nigga. Yeah you gotta learn how to grow up and mature. You gotta fix you. You gotta fix your mentality. Yeah you gotta fix your way of thinking, your way of life, your way of being. You gotta stop looking at life sometime in a negative view. You gotta look at it from the positivity side of thing. Yeah I stopped looking. Lemme tell y'all something. I stopped looking for the good in the people. I start looking for the truth. Anybody can be a good person. It's the motherfuckers gonna be truthful to you. That's all I'm saying. That's what we gonna start doing.


We gonna build ourself up. We gonna build everybody around us baby. We gonna build our communities baby. We gonna build our jungle head off. That's what we doing. We protect what we love baby. That's what we doing. That's children gotta be safe again. But women gotta be safe again. We ain't doing no robbing and killing. We ain't doing no raping. We ain't doing none of that. We getting businesses baby. Yeah we getting businesses downtown now. We got life insurance, we got burial insurance. Our dogs got goddamn insurance now. Your ass and TERs got insurance now your teeth got get insurance. Come on. Damn. We ain't just barely upgrading. We upgrading the whole motherfucking thing. I went from regular on regular TV to satellite to fire stick.


It's the upgrade for me. Oh it's the upgrade for me. That's what we doing. What y'all doing? Are you here or you living life? Which one? Because when God closed that curtain it's ain't nothing I can say your family, your mama daddy can say to bring you back. So if you know somebody now that you proud of and you want to give 'em they flowers, you better do it while they can. Why? They can smell it Because they can't do nothing with it when they dead. I hate when people say nigga I wish I could told my brother I love him. You better do it now. You better do it now. See I always tell people this, you can't be on here saying I hate that nigga.


I don't like that nigga. But say I love God. I'll say, how can you say you love me for when you never seen but your brother you seen and be around every day. We can go to church. We can go to church. Today's however y'all want. Play it baby. I'm in one of them zones right now baby. I'm in one of them zones. I'm feeling good. I want some of the best weed in the country. This ain't trash. And if you're smoking like I'm smoking, then you feeling like I'm feeling and then hey everything is good. It's all love man. I used to let this little shit get to me. I no longer let it get to me. I'm like the lion now. The jackal ain't no home. That Jocko ain't no threat. He want to eat too. You know what I'm saying? He want to eat too.


But stay your distance. That's how I look at the Hager. Your jackals, your jackals. You can't do nothing to me baby. I'm fat. Yeah. I let my mind hang sometimes. Yeah, that's how you men gotta feel your life baby. Do I hear doing your thing. People hating family member friends. They hating on you. They just jackal can't a lion baby. Come on. That's what you do when you in the bedroom with your old lady after you get through you. My man so mad. I ain't shit bitch I got shit in my drawer. I just made sure you can see him.


That's why I kept the lights off. I'm dogging Mike type shit. Dogging. You just took me from a nigga who got shit in the draw hole. What is you talking about fool? You think you got a killer? Got a shit boogie killer. Yeah. Yep. That nigga you in love with got shit in this drawer. Yeah, that's what's going down man. These all falling in love with shitty boot ass niggas nigga. Gangster big guns, big ar. Big shit in your drawers too. Yeah. Ar yeah we gonna talk about it. I've been trapping nigga you been musty.


You been musty. And that tells me how a woman you dealing with too. Y'all better pay attention to what's going on these days with these women. Yeah man. My girl be working out. She be going playing fitness man. She be going to LA Fitness man. Wearing them tight. She ain't doing them trying to show off. They old rag last monkey. Yeah she getting compliments. Don't think she ain't. They complimenting them whether that motherfucker so or sweet, they complimenting them. Yeah. Bacan pie look good in the motherfucker from 40 feet away. That's all I'm saying. Pecan pie look good 40 feet away until you get up on it and it don't look as look as appealing as it did for a folk.


Now tell me I'm


lying. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface, enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream, or is it their super comprehensive agent directory. How they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com we've done your homework,


Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights speaking in public. The list of fears is endless, but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark, wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep. The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving. Eyes forward, don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts


Come Up.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see country music's biggest superstars, Brooks and Dunn Boogie, Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hunt, Meghan Marone, Bailey Zimmerman, Nate Smith all on one stage hosted by Bobby Bones. iHeart Country Festival. Live streaming live only on Hulu and you can be there in person. Tickets are on sale now. Don't miss out what is up. Austin, Texas, man. Get yours before they sell out@ticketmaster.com. That's ticketmaster.com and we'll see you at our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One.


I am feeling good Luca in LA White people back baking cherry pies, apple pies. Oh it's going ow. And the white folks' house right now. She white people. Them motherfuckers up boy. They she like us. We eat spaghettis. Yeah, white people eat pasta. We eat corn red, they eat garlic toast. You know what I'm just saying. It is all the same, just different shit. That's all you think black people. Only people pray before they eat. White people do too. Dear Heavenly father. That's niggas white people.


Our father, that's th in heaven Hall be thy name. That's white folks. Niggas I Heavenly father, we want thank you for the food that's been prepared for us. Thank you for the, we thank you for the mac and cheese. We thank you for my, my beautiful wife and her nieces that prepared this dinner for us. Not white folks. Th father, that's th in heaven. Holler out be thy name. We pray for help and great wealth and for John from graduating from Harvard, from Amen.


And white people go to work. They eat they little old food. Little old peas and carrots. White people gonna have on vegetables, peas and carrot. That that, that the chicken they got. That motherfucker ain't got damn juice. Skin drive down motherfucker motherfucker 99 years old us nigga. We got pork chop chicken, ribs, chickens and we nigga see 50 cents. That's why it's in the food nigga. That's why I'm going plant-based. That's why I smoke this putting your own game. Y'all got to tune in and listen to a dub telling y'all, y'all think I just be up here talking.


I'm just telling y'all the truth. What going on in the world baby? Why we more diabetics? Why we catching cancer catching so much shit because of the things that we eat that you are what you eat. Real talk.


But if you watching this show then you know it being presented by prospects. That's right. Right there in the right hand corner. Go and download prospects. Use my promo code trash with the twos baby. You bet more or less on your favorite player. Basketball season is him. You college. Oh we got you Can't prize pick you can't miss. We are talk. Go on and download it man. Put $5 in you get 50 Instant.


If you can't watch this show, you only can listen if you at your job. Maybe my people at Walmart, maybe my people that work at Night Silver. Whatever y'all doing, you can't watch the show. Hey go to Apple Podcast man. Go to Spotify. Type in the bubble dub show man. Run them numbers up for you boy. Run my, run my numbers up like y'all do for Michael Jar and y'all go buy them same ass shoes. They release every year you go and spend two 50 and 300 but this don't cost you nothing. It don't cost you nothing to come over here and and chop it up and and have fun and laugh. What? Your boy don't cost you a motherfucking thing. Huh? It don't cost nothing to do that for you. Boy let's do it. He how ain't act with y'all and rock with y'all Y'all see man shake hands. I took a very last person.


Nah cost you nothing to support you. Boy. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Get in the comment. Let the people know this to show where you want. Get your laugh and giggles and wanna know what's going on in the game. Right. Motherfucking hill Bubble do show leave that what we doing man. Part of the show where we do a a hell no segment man. You know what I'm saying? This part of the show what we do, hell no show people put questions in and ask me something and I let 'em know is it hell no or not. Bubba Live knows and he's here.


Y'all ready? Because I'm gonna slow it down today a little bit man I ain't got nothing time on my hand. It is ringing. I'm gonna slow your show down. Make it a little bit longer today. Y'all be saying you be getting done too early. I hear y'all. I try to make corrections to that. Y'all was on my ass for a minute man. Where you at? You late. You late. So I'm getting my crew together. We getting better on being on time now. The day I was off by one minute but I was just having to make sure my shit wasn't lagging so I apologize for that. But the spark of the show, what we do with hell no Segment. Somebody ask me Bubble do. If you could do it all over again, would you resend the LUKA Dungeons trade with ad? Hell no. We got the man that we need the now.


Don't get me wrong. When ad get healthy, when he get healthy the devil, the Dallas MA will be okay. I will say that. I'm not on Sugar Up appear and lie. I love a A him but to get a generation of talent like local at 25, shit. That's why Mark Rein was on that goddamn phone when Nico trying to figure out what's going on this this can't, this can't happen. That's why come come Martin. No, lemme tell y'all something man. Luca was white Jesus to them niggas in Dallas. I'm not bullshit dumb Negroes up is hot.


Every Luca fan hot that they Dallas track. They were protesting. They was protesting up there at the Dallas, at the American Airlines. They were protesting. Hey a dirt was even out there in la. He can't believe it But you know who, who? Cana put that chilly motherfucker work don't work last 14 games. Y'all be 12 two and we done it our ad and we done it without Luke. When him and bro get together, yo come here. Yeah Hay starting to come together. Gotta work on your hands though.


Hay start. It's all gonna come together man. They go out and get McGee or go out and get, just get a big man that's available right now man. Jail a little bit. Get some chemistry going. Lakos gonna be tough to beat in them playoffs bro. And I got and I gotta be a realist. Okay you got the Celtic, you got them and then you got the, you got the Thunder and you got the Denver Denver Nuggets. Who else? Who else? We already the fourth C right now. I been to third spot by tomorrow C right now I we be in the third spot by tomorrow. Y'all ain't wanna see you Lakers nigga Hilton. I'm now put it all together. Y'all ain't gonna want to see this shit. I'm telling you it's something brewing in LA nigga ain't them goddamn damn wildfire.


It's something brewing in LA I'm letting you know that now. Do you say what you want? I man some brew look like a be shit. Yeah son Bradley rolling over me grave. Somebody rolling over they damn grave they tied third. All I know rockets, I'm gonna get a rockets. They credit rockets. I like the rockets. I don't, I can't, I can't knock them young boys. Where you do or doing? They good but they ain't got, they ain't got them two motherfuckers LA got they got bro are you, y'all gonna understand what's going on here. The di the dynamic of what's about to happen. La Finn be rocking and rolling y'all. Y'all watch NBA know exactly what they doing NBA know exactly what they doing and I'm riding Woo riding with them on this one.


Man I just, I just something about this man. I just feel it in my bones man. Something can be special in LA this year because nobody really expect the Lakers to do anything. All the former players are talking about there no defense. Well there's no need for defense if I'm out screwing your ass. That's all I'm saying. Ain't no need for defense if I I scoring you name on the game is score more points than you. God damning. I'm s scoring. I'm scoring. You can't stop me from s scoring. That means I'm going win As long as that chubby motherfucker go right down on that block by that key and continue to hit that one-legged goddamn F away or continue to draw an extra defender in and he kicking the guy out or he throwing an alley hoop bro coming down on that mother ass.


Your ass is in trouble. You can say what you want something wrong with Luca. Man I'm telling yo man Dallas ain't saying everything. Ain't nothing wrong with that motherfucker. Ain't thing wrong with Luca. He was overweight, he was drinking liquor lows every goddamn night. What number Yeast we gonna get that yeast. I go you up there in la we gonna get the yeast. I go you in la. I guarantee you that ain't nothing wrong with up there in ggs every now and then. Fucking with them ho got local shit that's all. Yeah shit. Here go LA Strip Club. Ain't like Dallas strip club in LA that get do it.


But we took him to the Playboy mansion. They can see everything opened up his eyes opened up his eyes. Yeah. Let him see them Old Pink thing. He ain't never seen them like that. Oh yeah, they fluffy too. Roger Rabbit can give against Carrot. Yeah, the more Roger White girl love cameras boy. I'm telling you the truth. And I give it to somebody say Miller High.


Okay. See what he do. Yeah, I like the thunder. Thunder gonna be good though. Y'all can catch me on the weaker ones Tour or two as well. I'm forget to check me out on the weak of ones tour, man. I be in South Haven February 28th. All my people after I grab 'em tickets, I'm like the second, I'm like the second act. So make sure you go and grab them tickets, get there early So you can see me go on stage and do what I do. This past weekend I was in Baton Rouge as a City Rabbit man, that was crazy. Second, I took a people down there in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Y'all showed me so much love, man. I appreciate everybody that popped up, pulled up on us, man. Sold our shows. I love it.


Got a lot going man. You can go right there on my website, bubble dubt.com. You can see what I got going. I got merch that's finna be, search is ready if y'all ain't already seen the search. Really? We just trying to get 'em on the website and get 'em going. I do got shirts on me. So if you on tour, you come out to the show. We the ones tour. I have a search on me. You can purchase a shirt from me. But we rocking and rolling on this side. Hopefully everybody out there is, is is having good health right now. Hopefully you in good spirits, anybody watching the show you down and out, be praying for you. Don't never give up. Don't never give up. Don't let nobody knock your dreams.


That's let's put our kids through school or whatever we could do. But I'm trying for to start a foundation, man. Start putting kids through school. That's what I'm on right now, y'all. That's, that's my goal, that's my focus to start putting kids through school man and changing folks lives. That's that's what it's all about. So if you watching this show today, I appreciate you for tuning in and watching this over here in the Bubble Dub show. We are growing show the numbers are are are improving. But let's, let's, let's keep it going though. Let's, let's, let's get this show out there even more than what it is right now. Shout out to Marcan Lynch. Were popping up on us this weekend, now the Super Bowl. Shout out to Dave and Busters.


Shout out to my whole team to help shout out to everybody to pull up to the Dave and Busters watch party with us. We, I appreciate y'all from the back of my heart. I'll be out there in the Bay area this weekend, NBA All star. I'll be there and we just moving man. We just, we just working. We ain't staying still. We ain't worried about what other people doing. We, we, we focus on us and that's what we gotta, you gotta see watching this show, you gotta do that to your life. Focus on you and what you can do and what you can be good at and what you can contribute at. Don't worry about why such and such getting blessed right now. If you keep doing the right thing, you gonna get blessed to. Yeah, you stand in line long enough, you going get to the window homie. I promise you that. I promise you that. But thank y'all for watching Man.


Peace and love them out The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered or perhaps is the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com we've done your homework.


Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights, speaking in public. The list of fears is endless, but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark, wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep. The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving Eyes forward. Don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the Ad council.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, you.