
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. It is Ryan Seacrest here.


There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chum a casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chua Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di do.com.


Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMV. I love This station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa snap I kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. The Volume.


What's up everybody? Welcome to the Bubble Dove Show. Today is Wednesday. Hopefully everybody having a great day. I know some of y'all didn't. Didn't go to work. Get caught in. You're tired. I understand but hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep when you do keep your notifications turned on. Got a hot show for y'all today. You know I'm feeling real good. You know we got breaking news up there in Dallas. Them big bag ass cowboys don't ring and trade up for George Pickers from the state. That's just what the doctor need. Y'all in trouble. Hold on. What you mean?


What I mean is y'all Mo, we got pickies over there. See no offense Pittsburgh ain't a motherfucking thing to do up there in Pittsburgh. That's why AB was showing down and cutting up like that. That's why Big Bill around touchy touch it. But I ain't going even get in that right now. I'm gonna let that B where B. But you bring your As down here. Dollar picking. We got what you want. Wait a we the lifestyle taxes we got whatever you want in Dallas. Think I ain't happy. You think I ain't saying you think I ain't seeing Super Bowl, you a motherfucking lie.


I'm like this that means some more help on the officer end because we ain't really had no run game last year because he was already feeling like he had to do it all with his arm. Now you got pictures, you got Lamb over Heree Commune. Now I've been mad at buying age breath as Jerry Jones out here. He ain't done shit in the draft this and that. But I like this move right here. It shows me that we are moving in the right direction now. It remains to be seen if our head coach gonna be worth a damn because we don't even know who this motherfucker is big in the league a hundred years first head coach out. So I'm not expecting him to come in here and and do something dramatically great.


I'm not. I like this pickup right here with George Pickens. I know my cowboy fans in the chat right now. I know some of y'all like it. I know some of y'all don't. Well why we didn't do it before the draft? Who gives a damn We got it now everybody, every other NFL team done made moves. We ain't done shit. I like this move right here. We ain't really just got a whole lot of big names on the team besides Cge, lamb and D. So we gonna kind of fly under the radar this year 'cause ain't nobody expecting the cowboy to do nothing this year they expecting us to fail just like some of y'all who went out there and went to prison and came home. They expecting y'all go back in there but you ain't going, you gonna change your life now you got you old lady now you had your one in jail.


Shh. You don't want nobody to know that but that's your business though nigga. That's your business though. But you home now. Got you old. They got your kid on the way. You doing good. They expecting you to go back but you ain't going said you ain't what you used to be. They only seeing you for what you used to be but you ain't that no more. That's the cowboy. Everybody's used to us getting our ass beat like we got beat last year by the Saints but this year ain't no ass whoopings. We giving them out. That's how I'm feeling. Wednesday we giving out ass whoopings this year in 2025. We'll kick ass we'll kick ass. We'll have friends and family over for get togethers when the Dallas Cowboys play and we'll win.


We'll win some of y'all won the damn do you'll be a Cowboy fan wearing the Minnesota jersey version on Jersey. Well I'm showing love to Prince. I'm showing love to. This is when Doves cry. If you niggas on here don't know who Prince is, ask your mama and daddy, they'll tell you the only nigga I know that can wear a French robe per on his head and a blouse and pull a hole ain't ahoe Prince couldn't get nigga woman five three Where wrestling like Sir Pancakes do you hear me? A smooth short yellow My that was on top of his business. On his mouth too. Yeah, prince was him.


Now let me get back to the subject at hand. How many more wins do I think George Pickers can give us this season? I gotta be real with us now. I see the Cowboys winning nine games this year. I see us winning nine games. I'm sorry y'all, you still got the Eagles over there. You still got them bad ass commanders over there? Oh yeah two motherfucker probably gonna win the division, not them two. We ain't that good. Let's be real now. I didn't get this shoulder. Come on here and fucking lie to y'all. I got this show to to tell the truth on my platform from my perspective. So I gotta keep it one hook sometime I go overboard. I do. I get it but that just entertainment so I got to be real.


I gotta winning nine games this year. I do. We gonna be one of the toughest teams to beat when teams come to Dallas. They normally beat us in Jerry World. They not beating us no motherfucking mo at home. They gonna, we gonna get our ass tore up on the road like at home. We will win. We'll win Now lemme talk about the elephant in the room. Do big bag ass Indiana paces beat the Cleveland last night they we pulled about Tyree Halliburton at the end right in your motherfucking face. I thought Cleveland gonna tied up for the most part they were kicking Indiana ass but Indiana didn't give up just like some of you niggas now you see how Indiana played.


You can't get well you've been shooting your shot at this hole for two or three years. She ain't been stu you, she ain't, she ain't had nothing to do with you but keep shooting your mother shot. You going hit Afin. That what Tyrese holler Burton did last night. They was down. He was th going to putting his head down going to the hole. That's what you do. Damn. All them threes at first I'm gonna get the tools, I'm gonna get the fire, then I'm gonna get a three point play then I'm gonna get up the fire two point play then I'm gonna miss the second freak throw. I get the three rebound now I'm gonna take you out here on this island. Island watch me shake and bake step back like Harden used to do 12 years ago.


Come on right in your god damn face. Cleveland down two oh and I get it. They out where they ain't have Mobley. They ain't have Goler. I don't give a damn just the playoffs. I got no excuses. You lost Indiana Pacers had five starters and double figures. Yes. Donovan Mitchell, Spider-Man went off for 48 points and lost. Lemme say again. Donvan Mitchell had 48 points last night and lost what when taking K goddamn damn bone taking bad shot now rebound and foul. Indiana kept chipping away, chipping away, chipping away and chipping away and won this guy.


That's what went on yesterday up that Cleveland. Now I want y'all to tell me how do y'all see this series playing out now? Do you see Cleveland coming back and and winging this series or do you see Indiana winging this six or maybes? How do y'all see this series ending? Because it's very interesting man to be honest because Indiana going home for two games. Can they close it out at home? Oh we Cleveland finally win one against the Pacers. Let's see because regular season wins don't mean a damn thing. And I know the Pacers were beating them during the regular season. They wasn't one the only two teams they were beating Cleveland Cavalier. But for the most part Cleveland, keep everybody ass in your regular season.


It's playoff time now. Everybody's locked in. I know what plays you running. You know what plays I'm running so everybody down there it's all about execution. That's what some of us gotta do. We got the talent, we got the mind frame. But can we execute when we need to? That's the thing. Can you execute? Yes you can go and get yes you can go to an interview. Yes you can even get the job but can you execute to keep it. Niggas get jobs every day and quitting. Man what you quit. Fuck man ain't finna be doing all that shit but you right back out here begging though.


Not gonna know nothing about that Mickey d Sprite. But how y'all feeling today man? Talk to me. Talk to me about this game right here Man. Pacers beat the beat the calves man they up too old. I know a lot of people surprised right now I am 'cause I thought Cleveland will least tied up. At least that's what I thought. What the playoffs been? Look tricky been look ain't You know what saying teams what you think these are what you thought teams are they not now I got to Indiana for what they been doing. Like I say five Starers was in double figures yesterday. Pace was kind of for for, I mean You know Cleveland for a while had to lead like they was up like least 15, 16 points yesterday.


But You know like I say Andy Younger kept chipping away, chipping away the head coaches a good head coach know when to call a timeout. Hey y'all noticed that a good head coach know when to call a timeout to stop a team's momentum every time cleaning the gig up there on the lead, I time out Indiana and they start chipping away, chipping away. So I like what I'm seeing from Indiana. Plus they head coach Rick Carello, he got a ring with the mouths. So what you expect championship DNA over girl on that team? Maybe not from the players but damn so from the coach it's what I'm seeing. Tyree holler Burton man he played a hell of a game.


They got some point, they got a lot of help from they bench yesterday when they put hol Burton on the bench for like four or five minutes the bench stepped in and contributed like 11 to 12 points. That was major for the Indiana Pacers. But talk to me man if you dur now, I mean not Durby Mitchell how is you feeling right now today you go out, you give all you got, you hurt, you limping. I know if y'all saw that he limping like he might not even be the saying game figure we don't know but he gave you all he got game two and come up short. Now we go and come back with You know with Mobley come let's see but from what I'm seeing right now man the pace is up too old. They looking good, they confident and they really believe they can beat this team in a seven game series.


So the Cavs got they work cut out for them? Yeah they most definitely do. Cavs may win one on the road. Yeah small guard who shoot too much never win rings. Yeah you can say Dunman don Donvan Mitchell. I'm gonna say Spiderman, I keep saying Dunman now you can say Spiderman is is not that tall or whatever but You know he gave him 48. I can't just blame the game on him for them losing. I mean it's a team game At the end of the day he was doing, he was getting to the hole. He was, he was making shots throughout the whole night. He just, Indiana didn't, didn't stop hell they just kept working and working and working and eventually they right there as you see it, they right there with him.


So I don't wanna put too much on him being a small guard. Why they never win rings? Because that Curry got what four Curry ain't 6, 5, 6, 6 and all that. Kerry what? 6 2, 6 3. Maybe I get Curry maybe Curry's sixth, three maybe. And aint he winning so I ain't gonna get say on the small guard on on that not winning rings part. We'll see. Do you think Minnesota will win two games this series? Yeah I'm just fucking get to that series. Watching that series last night the Golden State Warriors beat the Minnesota Timber Whips last night.


Really? We got Steph Curry, Curry out hamstring. He not going be available for game two Ant Man looked like he was on on on Wet Ant Man played like he smoked Wet last night couldn't do shit missing layups after layup. Easy to put back just missing. But when he played against the motherfucking Lakers couldn't miss a damn shot. None of them could. But now they playing shit fucking hill done find himself y'all and and that and that spells trouble. Fucker M so Timber. Well if Buddy Hill gonna continue to play lights out like this and you already got Jimmy Butler over there playing wonderful Defense.


Him and him and Draymond Green. Draymond Green might be a lot of things, might be a asshole, might be a dirty player but that motherfucker gonna play his role. He gonna set them pitch he going he gonna be vocal and God he gonna slash he going to pass the ball and he gonna do all the things that a player supposed to do. That's what Draymond does. Jimmy Butler going get you 20, 22 points every night but he gonna play tough Defense and he gonna hold the other players on the team accountable Steve Kerr as well. So they gonna went to Minnesota and stole one. They probably gonna really give a damn about game two because they know they gotta go back home to San Francisco. San Francisco and we already know how they play ball up there in San Francisco.


It's gonna be hard to beat them boys up there. Especially Curry can manage to come back. Oh it's gonna be fucking problems. It's gonna be problems. So I'm not saying this series is over 'cause Golden State is up one but what I'm saying is ain't man can't afford another bad game like neither one of them, neither one of them Minnesota cannot afford another bad game like that against Golden State. 'cause they will lose, they'll lose it. Championship DNA all over there in Golden State right now. The boy really think they can win with Jimmy. Jimmy got that goddamn coffee up there going on right now. Shipping coffee, feeling good shit up one. Oh we got my best player. Y'all in trouble Now.


I know that game surprised y'all last night thinking Kerry wasn't gonna come back. Oh shit man. So come back and win this. They just couldn't. They just couldn't. Just couldn't get the job done. Like I say, Rudy Goldberg really wasn't one of them a factor yesterday at Oh why? 'cause they putting bodies on them. They block it. They block it out then fundamentals on the game. Find your player, put your arms out and box out some shit the Lakers wasn't doing. Now I always say this about people and on teams in LeBrons and IQs, y'all say y'all got the highest IQs but why you not telling your players to box out the S ball? Go up, go get the motherfucker box out y'all ball up. Y'all just standing around looking. Nah they ain't, they ain't gonna win. That's what made Ds robbing so great when the bow went up he went and got it.


He did whatever it take to agitate the other team best defender and give him out they game. That's what DS robbing did. He know Jordan going to score that motherfucker. He knew that he knew black Jesus was going to score. As long as I can get the ball and get the black Caesar we gonna be all right but we got players not in the league. They gonna think like that but that's why I like Draymond Green. Draymond going scratch Claw kick you in your nuts elbow you choke, you Draymond going to do whatever it is to win and them the kind of players I want on my damn team. I don't want no soft ass player. Oh my nose hurt. I'm gonna lay here on the ground.


Get your punk ass up, get your punk ass up and let's play B Ruby Csan eating as trash. Yeah for real Got Rudy didn't do shit last night but against the Lakers that my brother Little Life be Russell look like Bill Russell against the Lakers but last night against God damn what? What's his name? Kon Loney and them couldn't do shit. Ain't it's amazing though man. It's like some teams only play your team the best when they play everybody else they can't do shit. That's what went on last night with the Warriors beating the Dom circle. Tim Wolfs. Hopefully an man pretty sure it will come back out next game on Point.


But tonight You know we got the Knicks Versa. Celtics Knicks up one oh right now against the seas on Cs. Y'all gotta stop shooting all them motherfucking threes. You shot 45 threes that first game. That's why you lost. You wanna be real stop shooting all of them goddamn three and go to a whole nigga. Y'all won the championship last year. Y'all know this. No y'all done fell in love with the three. That sugar caution. That sugar caution now fuck around go down two oh to Magson Square Gordon to them Nicks when them goddamn rats gonna be in attendance. They not bullshitting with y'all. It's gonna be rat pissing. All y'all get a raise.


I'm not playing the Knicks. Them people up there in New York starving for the New York Knicks to go to the finals do you? They are starving And the people in New York, they deserve it. Them the most loyal fans I ever seen in my motherfucking life is a New York Knick fan. The ghost of Nicky Boes, the ghost of Frank Lucas. The ghost of them. Damn tell tell ya mafia up there, they want New York to win. I wouldn't be mad at all nor it's a long shot but up then just think about y'all. If the New York Knicks won an NBA five, do You know what that would mean?


Do You know what that would just man that would be better than pretty much LeBron winning in Cleveland. Y'all like Realest Talk on some Realest Talk shit but that game was tonight in Boston. Let's see what tag him do tonight. Let's see if he have a better shooting game. Let's, let's see if Jalen Brown can have a better shooting game. Let's just see man, let's, let's just see. But I expect Jalen bro should come back out tonight again and Ball Town he come out hot but then he go cold as polar bro. Vagina in the second half. See can he finally put put together an all around game for four quarters and not be in foul trouble? That's what I don't understand about some of you stars Kat. Man the team needs you on the floor bro.


Stop getting these ticket T ass fouls and this and that. It's bullshit bro. Control yourself man. Then y'all crying Ola tape bitch you filing on the tape. What's up? All this, we see you filing now you got your team wasting time out and wasting challenges. You know you fo him nickel. I hate when they do that. No, you get your As back down the float and get ready to play some damn defense. Sicker cat, big feet mother.


So we all made mistakes right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they change of formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purser for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Wanna keep your personal number private but still stay connected with line two. You can get a second phone line right on your device with a super simple app and no need for another phone. Whether it's for online shopping, dating, or shielding your main number from Spam line two is an easy way to manage it all. Ready for peace of mind without breaking the bank. Call text block and more for only 9 99. Get started with line two.com/audio or download line two in any app store today. Line two, your second line simplified.


Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck on the shadowy world of the Godfather Slots. Someday I I'll call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome to the family. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


I'm sorry y'all. I'm just saying Cat Catt be pissing me out man. Cat do. I'll pick him to go over on picks. See Cat better go over. He got ten first quarter. Shit I'm in the door, shit four quarter. He still got the same damn points. Y'all know I ain't lying Gang. Two night Two Thunder. When you got N Up one. Oh right now. God damn Jokic. Look do what? He's Joker probably the best player in the league right now y'all. I ain't, I ain't gonna sit up here and deny that then you got Murray. He feeling hisself right now. Michael Porter Jr. Didn't do shit game one. Let me be real to my niggas fan.


Porter didn't do shit Game one at all had two motherfucking points. I think he gonna have more than that. This game boy I was talking about was Westbrook going out? Yo is going out. Mary going out and Gordon going out. That's what I was talking about. Can they be consistent in that part? We know joke are going to do what Joke could do. Now on the other hand the Thunder didn't have a good game at all and still I almost won that game. Wouldn't have been from the Heroic three from Gordon. That's all I was saying. I don't have no dog in neither one of these in in in this. I look for the thunder to win but if the Thunder don't win so big because why Denver got championship DNA over there. They know what it takes to win.


Got rid of that head coach. They feel like fuck it, we don't need him. We got who? We need the playoffs. So let's see how the game is being played tonight. They up there in Oklahoma and I think it's gonna be a ball game. These two games right here tonight y'all. If y'all watching y'all can't miss these game between the Knicks and the cell, between the Nuggets and the Thunder Man you gotta tune in to this type shit man. That's why I tell people yeah you can have your team and root for your team all day but if your team ain't in it, y'all still watching the NBA playoffs, you still a fan of the NBA period. So I'm tuning in man. I can't wait. I can't wait. And


You know like right now the show being presented by PrizePicks, You know what I'm saying? Going download the number one sports fantasy app in the game right now. Use my promo code trash. Yeah with the two Hs. Yeah right there. Download it. Use my promo code with the two Hs. You picking more lists on your favorite play over there and check this out. They got some real shit going on over there on PrizePicks. Man check this out. They're doing a Three Pick Flex. Yeah, Three Pick Flex Realest Talk man you can do it up to five times a day. It don't matter if you win or not. You could have a chance to win tickets to the NBA finals court side. I'm not bullshitting. They just paid for me. I won and they paid for me to go to the Rockies in the Golden State game. That's just the playoff game. You got a chance to go to the NBA final Three Pick Flex. Put your picks in right now and you can do it up to five times a day. You got until May 31st. May 31st. Put your picks in right now. I'm not bullshitting.


And also check this out if you can't watch the Bubble dub show. If you can't catch me live like I am right now, go with Apple podcast, go with Spotify, type in the bubble dub show y'all help me get these downloads up. Help me get these views up. Help me get these likes up. Help me get the comments up. Y'all wanna help me, help me out. You can catch me this Friday and Saturday in Tacoma, Washington at the Tacoma Comedy Club. That's where y'all can catch me. May 9th, May 10th right there. Realest Talk pull up. You know anybody in Seattle. God damnit. Tell 'em Doug will be there Friday. Two shows Saturday. Two shows come save me. I'm now fresh off the week of ones tour. I'm on stage kicking ass. I'm on stage kicking the ass baby.


And I'm enjoying myself. I'm feeling real good too. Yeah, woke up this morning. Grit and eggs. Damn right Doug you had gr and eggs just morning. You got them right who cooked it? Yeah. Come. Ain't nothing like a good breakfast. I don't care what nobody tell y'all. Ain't nothing like a good breakfast in the morning. That shit get your day going. Do you want me a good breakfast? You can go and complete any task you need to complete it. After I ate I felt good then I went right on down another goddamn Planet Fitness and did my motherfucking thing. I'm gonna go that Planet Fitness ain't number old people in that motherfucker ain't just the way I like it too.


Number old people nothing too. Damn right. I ain't gotta worry about nobody getting outta line with me 'cause anybody nothing to get outta line with me. You know I put these goddamn paws on right now. Realest Talk ain't nothing 85 and no people in nothing. They can't fuck with me with these hands. I put my hand on the elderly. I'm not bullshitting. I know something. Y'all think w hit the elderly you goddamn damn Right because if I whoop a elderly person as they make that young nigga get back to what he did to Mr. Frank. What you think he'll do to me? You damn right. Turn old nigga ass up 85 and up. I said I'm now, I'm I'm, I'm ready to jab your ass to death. I ain't gonna hurt you. I I ain't gonna, I'm hurt you on 85-year-old man.


I'm not bullshitting with y'all. I'm talking about dance too like Crawford Now when I go to LA Fitness I'm on my best goddamn behavior. Ain't nothing but cine steroid per dirty taking motherfuckers in there and then they testosterone through the roof and they ready. Hey when I go in there then shit what's up unc? Shit how you, how you doing fam shit boy you growing ain't you? Well last week you wasn't as big Now you I Hercules I I see you. I go around there and start jump roping and shit. Eat my granola boy and shit when I'm in LA 50 'cause it is like a young motherfuckers and now and a lot of young women in that motherfucker too. And I do mean they fine too.


Realest Talk and they free me too. God damn right. You need me to help you do some squats. Come here. I got shit. What brings you in here Dub shit. Same thing brought you in this motherfucker health. I wanna live a long time. I don't know about y'all but I wanna live a long time. It's a lot of people our age right now in that grave. I don't wanna be there. You don't wanna be there. Some of my old schools on the show right now man. Yeah you bad need no medicine taking ass hard. Hagg ass drinking alcohol, diabetic motherfuckers. Y'all better start listening Your kid already at your at your house not getting on your ass about you not doing this and that.


Start taking care of yourself man. You're 45 years old man and you bleeding out your ear but you want to take Rob Tusser nigga stop. Get your ass down nigga somebody doctor and get looked at. Believe not your goddamn ill and you gonna take some over. No the most retard shit I ever heard in my life. I'm just gonna pray to God and everything gonna be all right. No it don't work like that. Faith without works is God give you common sense man. God give you common sense. Hey get your ass up and go to the doctor man. Something could be very, very, very wrong with you. You could be, you could, your life could be saved if you just go and see You just never know.


But sometimes we're gonna go and get now we have strokes, now we have heart attacks now we outta here now your family is missing a a father or a brother or or whatever it is. And it could have been something so simple but we gonna wanna go to the doctor. We gonna wanna go and get tests. What you scared of? What you scared of? That's your fear. God ain't there no man but me and y'all friends manmade shit. Oh now we ain't fear nothing. We ain't fear nothing. We here to live our life the best way we can. We don't supposed to live your life in fear man. I don't wanna go to the doctor man shit I don't wanna go to the doctor man.


I know it's gonna be bad news shit you already thinking negative. You gotta think positive man. You gotta think when I go to the doctor ain't nothing gonna be wrong with me. And if it is wrong with me, I know I can get through this shit. I can get through any storm, I can get through anything. Why? Because I got that man up above with me. See the problem is we gonna never want to take God with us man. We pray God for things. Thank you for our health and strength And he, he wake us up every morning and he do all that. We don't even thinking we mad. I don't even wanna go to this damn job man. They ought to be glad on here. He gonna bless you with a car. But when you didn't have those things you were praising them every day.


But when you get those things you forgot who helped you get them. That's what people tend to do sometimes they tend to forget when you helped them when they didn't have no help, they tend to forget when you get they ass a voice. When they didn't have a voice they tend to forget that shit. Don't be one of them. Don't be one of them is what I'm telling you. Be a worker have a good name out here man. When you knocking them rooms, people talking good about you. So when people do come up and say bad things about you, the people that You know and know You know ain't not not that person you talking about. That's a real individual. I don't believe that.


And don't ever think it can't be you 'cause it can be you. It can be you. The shit you want to do, you can do it but you gotta put this right here to it. See a lot of young rappers out here rapping that can really rap but you also caught up in getting the money so caught up in getting the jewelry but you don't have the worth and to get the shit 'cause when you can get on overnight really hot song like jello boom you on money Nigeria now You good now where your album at? Where you goddamn damn album at Jello you came out with hot song but where your album at Nickel it last.


Where it last? That's the same. That's the sermon for the day. Will it last You wore her ass out last night. You wore her motherfucking ass out. Surprise You guess what she want it again But You know you can't keep it up. So what you got to do? You better go and grab that goddamn roast scar. All you gotta do put nothing in your tongue. Let it this out. Sit on the edge of the bed and shake like this like baby what you doing? I'm just exercising and when that motherfucker kick in you keep cutting beat your back in like that nigga did. My baby mama Realest Talk he take ease On my baby mama. He went down through on her mother fucking too.


Yeah that nigga fucked my baby mama so goddamn good. She let him carry our kids on his taxes. Do you hear me? I put the IRS in that nigga alive in her life. I bet he won't do that shit no goddamn more. I bet you bet. For the next 10 years he gonna get no income. I told her who was it worth it. He round out you round you wanna go out and get your back beating in because I couldn't beat Lynn. That's cool, that's cool.


But you learn a valuable motherfucking missing. Don't fuck over God's children. I'm one of God's children. So are you Reap what you sow Funky ho You reap what you sow? Yeah you laugh. Cheating on me. Do were funny when I was in the hospital losing weight I looked like 50 cent in that goddamn movie when my girl cheating on me. Do you hear me? I'm not kind of goddamn weight I lost. I was so goddamn skinny. You you could see the jaw muscles. I'm I'm bones in my jaws. I'm not bullshitting y'all. This is the facts. I was, I lost her my weight. My mama them had to call the pastor in to see me all behind that funky hole she had me y'all she had my nose wide.


Goddamn. I mean she had my nose wide motherfucking open y'all And I pray nobody ever had to go through that shit. What I went through nightmares behind that shit going through her phone and they and they videoing taping what she was doing. It's one thing to fuck my woman, it's one thing to have sex with her but when he was pulling his meat out that motherfucker steady wasn't coming out here. I'm steady waiting for that motherfucker to finally get out and you taking all that then you moaning with me. Ain't no motherfucking way y'all see a woman can put her on. Boy. This woman used to moan with me man.


My woman used to tell me she used to feel it in her chest. She lied. She lied man. And she had me bigger and she had me not to be wanted, wanted to be around my family ma. I got a good family that love me. I didn't wanna be around them no more. I didn't want to talk. I didn't want to talk to my employee. Well my coworkers no more. I was just, I was lost But now I'm found. God done blessed me. Y'all He knows and he's here. Yeah you see it. God bless me now she wanna come back around again.


Help He on now. That's what somebody dub. You gonna take your baby mama back? Hell no. Why? And broad sound like the road to hell But me, I don't want no more part of that devil pitch. Never, never. They might be trademark. I don't know why but they might be. But for the one that's is on this live, I appreciate the love y'all showing me man.


I know my shit should be jumping more but there ain't nothing I can do about that. I can't cry about that shit. I'm just gonna keep working, keep putting our content and eventually this shit going to, it's gonna kick in one of these days. I always got that mind frame bro. Like I know I'm putting in the work. I know a eventually the people gonna come around, they gonna see this show and like damn man, how I ain't, how I been missing this show? It's all good man. I ain't gonna cry about certain shit. I'm gonna keep working same way. I'm continue to work on that stage and and it's levels to the shit. Whatever you do, it's levels. Sometimes people go out there get a million, two or 3 million feet and they running and they running. But it's all about the consistency with me. I'm gonna be consistent. I'm gonna keep coming on every day. I know I got real mother 'cause like y'all in the chat gonna talk shit, gonna share my shit.


And that's what it is. It's about the sheriffs putting my shit out there so more, more people can see it and get it in the algorithm. But other than that though, I'm feeling good man. Shit. Hopefully y'all feeling good too. Shit ain't nothing to complain about. Life is good. Woke up this morning man. I I I could still be laying in bed on my, my back like this and can't move and shit depending on somebody to feed me. But I ain't gotta depend on nobody to feed me because God got me. Right. So even though I see other people podcast is jumping through the roof, I never get jealous. I I I 'cause I know my time gonna come. I know it's gonna come when no me views popping in and everybody tuning in and watching the door. I know one of these days that shit going to happen 'cause I got faith and I got belief.


Yeah I got this shit. But I see it, it's all good. It's gonna come and when it's come God damnit we gonna celebrate. Not just me, we all gonna celebrate together. 'cause you could be the one say, You know what, I remember one fan wasn't getting 800 to a thousand people on the live now he got 20 and 30,000. Man, I'm just amazed by the progress and he y'all gonna remember you or him or her. I remember that shit. I remember him talking that shit you gotta speak shit into, you gotta speak life into shit man. That's all about man. Yeah. Gotta be speaking man. I, I manifest a whole lot of shit in my life and I'm gonna keep manifesting. Can't nothing stop there. Can't nothing break my spirit. 'cause I got the good Lord in my spirit. I got the good Lord in my heart.


And no matter what these people out here say about me, I don't give a damn. I know God got me and the real people they know man. They know. And You know people might talk down on you or a her, whatever. Keep going, keep going. Words don't hurt. Keep going. They'll be back around trying to kiss your ass before You know it. And that's when you tell them Do county here. What's up y'all? How y'all doing Cincinnati, Kansas. I see y'all man already man. Thank y'all for tuning in today's show man. Will you be going to your baby mama wedding?


Hell no. K no I be down some of y'all baby mama get married. Y'all going to her witch. I be happy though 'cause somebody else got that problem now. No longer me, no longer me. Y'all women be stressing some of these. Y'all women be stressing us out man. I don't, I didn't think I was gonna ever bounce back from my girl cheating on me. Man. I I couldn't fathom that shit. Y'all like that shit took, I mean I had, I I ended up having ass behind this shit. I need little hey little nigga, my partners and them all laughing and shit. You, we, you we, oh nigga, I'm hurt dog. I need to go lay down for a little while dog.


I, I fainted like she, she had me bro. Like every time we get in the argument she say I'll go, I'll go, I'll go fuck that nigga again. And I would give her whatever she wanted when she said some shit like that. And 'cause I, I believed her. I knew she would. I knew she wanted to go back and get that punishment. I knew it. She fucked me up for the longest man. It really did. Did. But I'm here now. I'm over. I'm better. I'm better man. Hopefully y'all better. Thank y'all for tuning in today's show man. I see y'all again tomorrow. Peace and love about The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old s sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one min a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.