
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group VO for prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and d Boogie, Thomas rtt Rascal, Flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume What it do. Welcome to the Bubble Dub show. I know it's late night but like I said, You know just got through watching a wonderful game between between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Houston Rockets. I know some of y'all tired. I know some of y'all gotta work in the morning but you still up with your boy. So before anything, go ahead and hit the like button. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on. You know I'm feeling real lovely open, yo. I'm feeling real lovely tonight. Do shit them damn labels before I even get into the game about what went on.


Even though we won, I'm happy that we won but I'm not liking what I'm seeing from Luca. Is it me but Luca look like the size of Babe Ruth. I'm being That's a baby Ruth eating ass motherfucker over there Luca. Yeah he drank Thunderbird. Did y'all see the night? Three times Luca Dungeon shot air balls. What the fuck going on with uncle? You got five, you got six foot one Van Flea on you, you backing them down, you shoot a fig away air ball. They let me know you got a fucking handover. What got handover? Y'all see all y'all gonna see is the wind but what I'm, I'm seeing I'm, I'm seeing a organ sign before Destruction Some ain't Rocky with Local, he holding his arm.


Nigga you got a ringworm nigga you nasty. You ain't got anything wrong with local. You got a motherfucking ringworm nasty ass. I seen it. I seen that Mark on your, you filthy Now Lakers won this game tonight basically off they bench D thingy Smith had 20 and Shamar Moore AKA gave, Vincent had 20, they won Cal State bench And like I keep telling y'all, the Los Angeles Lakers continue to get the most open shots they never been had. My adding Luca, the Lakers shot 46 threes tonight Now for me that's two nigga goddamn threes they shooting somebody nigga come on in and take easier shots but they took 4, 6 3 Bro you looking your motherfucking age fam as you should though.


You coming off agro injury. I don't think you had a growing injury. I think you had Pavo. Y'all think you had Pavo And I think you need a motherfucking shot And I think you went and got a shot too. Just me virtual nigga. LeBron 40 years old, he ain't running up and down the court like he used to. Rightfully so pa the time but he steal LeBron James tonight had two great blocks in the end that we needed. But Luca you're 25 years old dog. You looking windy now. Last week I was praising you and and in the first quarter, I ain't gonna lie, the first quarter of this game y'all saw him. Luca was playing defense.


I if Luca gonna play defense, he did it coming home. That's all I'm saying. If Luca gonna get down there and get past the flexors get steals, God damn it. Pete did it coming home. Y'all don't argue with me. He ain't argue with your damn I'm, I'm just telling about what I seen like a rock is a good young team coached by Yoka. Jaylen Green was on the bench most of the four quarter painting his motherfucking nails. That's what he was doing. He didn't really do nothing but that Jabari what, what, what was it Park? Not Parker, I can't think of his name right now. Might be Smith. Yeah jab Jabari Smith and Thompson. That young guy. Hey got some di Dylan Brooks trash, he just tough for nothing.


He nigga he ain't even one motherfucker in that Matt bro. That's it Dylan Brooks. But I'm loving what I'm seeing from LA right now. Oh yeah Lakers back putting prayer in people hearts now back in LA God damnit and I'm loving what I'm singing from them but Luca got the play better. I don't like you shooting air balls. You stagger complaining when you going get a foul you going get back down on defense and God damnit you giving up open points like come on JJ. GG it gotta be some film study going on of y'all sitting down with the 25-year-old local letting AKA babe.


Ruth letting them know motherfucker sure you crying get back on defense. They not gonna call every, they not gonna call every calls. They mess some calls they not on the rockets. I seen they missed some calls on the Lakers. That's cool. Reps ain't going to see every motherfucking thing but the end of the day you got to keep playing ball. Man I love Luca but he cried too motherfucking much for me man. And he overweight and told y'all y'all took the Snickers away but you still giving them Ruth? I me personally I don't get it. I don't but that's just what's going on right now. Oh I pick school. I know y'all seen that rapper no longer got killed running from the police.


When we gonna stop motherfucking running you, you niggas, niggas go to jail everything. When you niggas don't stop running and stop that and goddamnit and and just just go to jail, that man should still be living right now. We gonna know what happened. Police say ain't touch it, other people saying they did, we going know I'm time shit going reveal it but at the end of the day stop running from the motherfucking laws dog makes no sense to me. You know they won. Do a thing, he can wait, you can make it they job way easier for you take sudden the law get behind me.


I'm not running, I'm going towards your nigga but me and my cousin ringing that And we, when when when me and my cousin went to that store and and and he robbed that man when the police came I didn't run and hide God damnit I went and told him where he was damn power. My cousin was a co because he ran. I didn't run. I stood right there freeze. I throw when they got to answer we go with the other suspect. He ain't no suspect. That's my family. We grew up together.


Same mama, my mama and mama sisters, he got the same blood running through my motherfucking blood. I can take you where his mama stay. I can take you where his baby mama stay. I can take you where his daddy stay. God I can show you everything about my family. Yes I was with him but I didn't know where he was doing. I was coming to get a cigar so I can, so I could smoke. You know what I'm saying? That's what I was doing. But I told him just, just chill out, You know what I'm saying? Go on take me downtown for about an hour or two on the way. Shit, You know stop by raising cane and like two or three in the morning he gonna show back up up his baby mama Crip and it worked.


Everything I said God damnit came to force. So when they brought my cousin leg, leg on in jail like right around three, I mean three 30 in the morning I was there sitting just like this you selfish motherfucker. You selfish yourself motherfucker. That's what I told him. Talking about we need to stick together. I beat Daniel who old? We not sticking. No ain't no we I already told him you was the mastermind And you And you gonna rob 3, 3, 4 more other stores that they ain't know about. I I check I had to tell them nigga motherfucker I gotta work tomorrow.


I can't be in jail. I I can't do it. I was telling y'all what's going on in the world. Stop running from the motherfucking cops or IP the big boogie sister I seen her boyfriend was driving high speed chase running from the cops flipped over and killed them. God damnit sometime man you just gotta take your losses bro. You just gotta take your losses sometime man and and and be done with it man. Man it's just sad out here man. This it's crazy man. And I get it man. People be scared man. They gonna be wanting to go to jail but man stop fucking up if you don't wanna go to jail, stop fucking up. That's that simple stop fucking dog.


And I don't know what Trump done done to social security. I, I don't know but he done rub my grandma the wrong way. My grandma I hear trapping do you hear me? My grandma was at the Dies game selling devil eggs fuck games selling devil eggs, selling communion plates, selling body of crack brownies. Them damn brownies got weed all here man I look, I don't know but something going on for my grandmother do this. She done went from the on the front piece to the damn trap in the she any mother you got hold onto it don't you spend a goddamn thing.


I know you go get them new. I fuck them. We wearing open po sandal during the summer. We ain't wearing Jordans, we ain't wearing all whites. We ain't wearing none of that design shit. We ain't wearing them sandals that was in the bottle going down there. The plan finish tomorrow and God and start working out motherfucker get physically fit on y'all nigga eat nothing but salmon too. Salmon, steam broccoli come here we gotta eat right. We're not you 35 God damnit you need to start eating right telling you Now you damn hey fuck around, get your leg cut off a 35 1 leg diabetic don't want take Goddammit keep it up.


You be in that graveyard baby down here drinking, partying ain't like that. Come on dog. That ain't the business no more in 2025. 2025 we taking care of ourself because we dropping like flies. Do you understand that We are dropping like flies. Why we ain't healthy? We look good. We got You know showing the money showing the diamond showing all that kidney terrible. Do you hear me? Kidney terrible. What terrible. What we going do lg?


Where long we gonna start taking care of ourself. Kanye done lost his motherfucker mind dressed up like one of them goddamn black clan. What the fuck going on with Ye now do I think he crazy? No I think the motherfucker is very conscious to what's going on. Kanye done seen some shit. Kanye done seen some shit and them Calabasas mountains up there in la. Only guy know Kanye done seen some shit and he experienced some shit too And you trying to run from you can't run from this shit. You go with that big dollar God Now you gotta deal with them billion dollar nightmare. No then you wanna Kim everybody in the goddamn industry had Kim caught that but no you wanted to marry a nigga so blame your damn self come first.


I didn't really wanna have kids. Yeah you did. You didn't want no call. No you didn't no call them bitch. No. Now do I think you crazy? No I think you very intelligent bro. But I think you a little bigger out of touch on what's going on like the shit you saying about the kids and Jay-Z. That shit ain't cool bro. Now far as what the industry doing to your kids. I get it. But that's the baby mama you had kids by bro. So if you gonna get married at anybody, you gotta get married at yourself dog like y'all. I know y'all seen that shit with Ye and and DJ Academics. That dude went on with Tyre. I ain't, I I thought the shit was funny as hell but You know it seemed like he don't wanna blame, he just wanted to take, he just, he he wanted to put the blame off on everybody else and that ain't the case.


You gotta, you gotta, you gotta, You know you gotta take the account kind ability for some of the shit you did too. Yeah, you laid down with Kim bro. That John Legend shit was classic. I get it nigga 95 degrees wearing Sluggers and Barba who do that. He right though John Legend. We wouldn't even know who you were if Ye didn't put you on fam. Real talk push push to you were finished till you got a good me, you a dope. You forgot Kanye gave you that gym about Drake having a son. That's what niggas will do to you too. Jay put them niggas on pull on nigga. I didn't know who they was pull on nigga spit in face now.


Yeah everybody ain't, can't, can't, can't take up for what the shit you saying bro about these jewels And you gotta stop all that now I understand where you coming from And I get it. I I but you but you in the bed with them. I don't get it. You talking about 'em but you in the you baby mama. Come on now. Damn we gonna talk about it. We gonna keep it 100 on this show and what's going on. We know who running the work And you think you got what you got. Yeah they gave you all that.


Now you think you going to talk shit to these white mother shit. Goddamn damn white boy going crazy up there now La right now they wanna do something to you but we more conscious now. They know we'll be on they ass like back pockets if something happened to Kanye because we know they got, they, we know they done it otherwise Kanye would been don't you, you stay your rabbit ass right here, get back in that goddamn studio and start back making that gradual and Kyle let's drop our type of music again. That's all we wanna hear from you is rapping all this Kenrick Lamar leave Kendrick alone Now you good beat making motherfucker but you can't and that's on the dead homie.


That's all I'm saying. And you cannot rap now. Damn. Jay-Z gonna help you become a mega star Now. You don't like camera face Jay-Z. No, that's how people do you man spit in your face. Yep. At one time somebody tell, You know you won't spit in they face. That ain't what we doing. How y'all feeling tonight though man? I'm, I'm, I'm good on Fresh Off Tour. Had amazing Weekend. Had three shows this weekend. We was in Greenville, South Carolina. Man we was lit. We was in Greensboro, North Carolina last night we was in saw North Carolina, man with number Love last night.


Man. I swear to God man. I'm on, I'm on, I'm on a I'm on a ride right now y'all. I'm I'm, I'm on a journey and, and and it feel good. I I got people who, who coming out and and supporting us man. It feels great but I'm going through some things, some I want talk to y'all about tonight. My cousin man, my cousin Dun had his tent child and he talking about let's celebrate motherfucker, you need an intervention. Celebrate no motherfucking tent child nigga with you pulling outta his driveways. He damn so ain't pulling out on no getting children shit.


Talking like a baby shower nigga. You need a job Fa fam got but I can keep helping you time. I look ain't know all your kid name. I know. You know, I don't understand why they keep having kids by you fam. You can't read ain't write Don motherfucker but your second game on five gotta be because I also see what they singing dog And you gonna celebration. Hell nah. What your, how y'all feel about that nigga got 10 kids man, dude 30 years old, 10 kids 10, 10 of these mother he happy.


You can't get right to defend yourself ni you can barely beat yourself. Stop bringing kids into this world if you ain't going take care of them. Man, that shit ain't cute. That shit ugly. I, that shit don't impress me. I got 10 kids. Yeah man please. Oh I got a legacy nigga. You got an a a U team. That's what you got. You ain't got no damn legacy. You got an AAU team. My world is backwards now boy. World is is backwards. So to the people out there, man, you got good people around you man.


Stay around them good folks. There's some bad spirit ass people in this world that going to smile in your face but the whole time they want to take your place backs stab us. Backs stab us. They smile in your face. Oh Lord, they want to take your place back. I'm telling you Now you do. You hear what I'm telling you can't trust nobody these days baby. I don't trust nobody as far as I can go And I ain't very motherfucking strong either.


Hey it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away you gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Ad Council.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California governor Gavin Newsom. I watch Fox, I pay attention. Newsmax one American News. I don't turn my back to the critics, but there is a sort of California derangement syndrome out there that is just sort of ridiculous. This notion that this is the only state that has challenges. It's just comedic but it's damaging. We record breaking tourism last year. We have a surplus again. We have a state with population growing again. You wouldn't know that that's not prevalent. It's not part of the discussion. It's been Engulfed by the Fires, it's been engulfed in the fires. It's, You know, it's a failed state, You know California. But for me, I, You know, it's pride for me again as a guy who lives here who cares about the state is to make a case A for it. And I'm a little Clint Tony about it. There's nothing wrong with it. It can't be fixed with what's right with it. Listen to the new season of, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Only people in the world. I trust God and Bernie James because that motherfucker can roll a blunt. Do you hear me? Y'all boy blunt rolling skills nickel. He the greatest. Do you hear me? When? When they You know don't supposed to be no smoking on the plane. Shit bru. I wound up bitch bru put that motherfucking do rag on his head. Pull that motherfucking Louis Vuitton suitcase out. Ain't nothing but the best green ain't no work. Do you hear me? He get the breaking no motherfuckers down bro.


Got the apple headphones on. He jamming Jay-Z bro they rolling the motherfucker find no mother giving the Luca Luas getting high getting them mother. Jeez Luca on that motherfucker even threw, that's why they got all ain't flips Twinkies. Oh they giving that white boy everything he motherfucking wrote. That's what's wrong with Luke fat. Y'all goddamn say it. I think he's fat over out of breath. First quarter, nine minutes left.


He's sweating like a motherfucking pig. Don't y'all saw it? If you got 4K TV you see the boy sweating like a three niggas went by. He's sweating hands over your head. Boy that's the pig. You been on the Lakers goddamn too muscles. What say to that. I'm just telling y'all what I see. I don't know what y'all see. I'm just telling y'all what I see. Jackson Hayes didn't do a motherfucking thing tonight on the court. 20 something minutes, three minutes ain't going to fucking get it. 20 something minutes And you got three points you got to don. I don't like mediocrity.


I don't, I don't like mediocrity. I don't like that shit at all. We got to get better as a, as a team. We have to grow every night. You not gonna shoot the ball. Well I understand that but you can. But you can. But what you can do as a defense is show effort. We undersize JJ Red love playing Denny Smith when he likes to take Jackson Hayes out. We small but we getting killed in the inside man. You know what I'm saying? We loses our man having to rung over there and help. Like we can't hagg that in the playoffs. So I don't really know what Rob Plink is just waiting on about going to get a big, big man. I don't, I don't get it bro.


Go and go and get JaVale McGee. I'm not saying he gonna come in here and and be dingers rob and all that shit but it will change how teams play us. That's all I'm saying man. But Luca got to lose weight. That is, that is key. That is motherfucking key to the lake of success this season is local health holding his arm. All I seen was a ringworm. I think he embarrassed to the world that he got a ringworm but did y'all see what I saw? I saw our bench tonight for the people who just not tuning into the show.


I our bench had like what, 46, 48 point. They the reason why we beat the Houston Rocks tonight. The bench Denny Finn Smith and Shamar Moore which is Gabe Vince, they the reason why we won the Stallers didn't really do nothing. The LeBron didn't have a good shoe night Lu definitely didn't have a good shoe night. Ru need need the guy down spit knocked out his mouth, all them open shots he missed the night. They gonna make no damn sense. So the Lakers really sugar lost this game but they didn't. So we gonna take this win. I I'm always gonna take a W but the Lakers got the play better. They got to, they got to execute better which I think they will. I think JJ will take 'em back, sit down, watch some film and You know the little details, small little things.


They'll go over that and handle that But, but overall I take that victory older Houston Rocks. I know last day or two y'all switching over to the Detroit Pistons and the Minnesota Timber wolf. Y'all seen that little braw? They had the altercation, they had everything started with that white boy. Let's keep your motherfucking 100. The white boy started. But what I don't understand is Isaiah Stewart why you feel like you got to get in every motherfucking altercation nigga? Sometimes you just get nigga I get into a nigga my homeboy come over and take the conversation over. I get out goddamn way. Hell it.


It ain't my business. So my homeboy get knocked out. He got knocked out. I'm not getting in there. Sometimes we got the mind our motherfucking business And I know it's basketball. That's my brother. Yeah, yeah. Fuck all that. I'm not finna be losing 150, $200,000 behind you nigga. I ain't Finn gonna be able to do it so I'm not Finn run or nothing. Act like I'm macho man and get fined and su I'm not doing it. No we here to play ball nigga. We ain't gonna box so many times. Isaiah, she already done got suspended six what?


Six times in his career bro. Bro it's a blessing to be in the NBA bro. Not many people wanna be in the NBA and can't A blessing man. Let them people trick you out your spot. You got a reputation now. That's why they treating you the way they treat you. You gotta fall back bro. Yeah, don't let these people trick you out your spot man. Talking about banning you and all that shit. That's, this is your reputation Next time you on the court some shit break out you, you walk the other way. You ain't got to run. Stick your hand in your nose and everybody motherfucking business that we know that now.


Little kids know that. Why you don't know? That makes no damn sense how y'all feel about that situation. Do y'all feel like the NBA handled be right or Isaiah Stewart got got got a bad reputation. Y'all talk to me? Yeah D Dwight got, I don't, I don't, I don't know if they gonna bring Dwight back to the Lakers or not bro. Honestly go man You know Dwight been on his podcast and shit. He been talking a little shit about the Lakers. You know you talking sugar about bro. You know he ain't, he ain't ain't bro ain't feeling that. So I think, I think Dwight might have played himself out of getting back to the Lakers but JaVale McGee most definitely can be a a, a person of interest that the Lakers should pick up.


But Jackson Hayes ain't it. I mean I like him some games. He might have 20 points if him and Luca can hook up on the alley hoops. But other than that he played 20 what? 20 something minutes tonight. Two, three point. That ain't gonna get it? Nah nah. Lakers gonna be tied in the playoffs of doubling. Nah they gotta make something happen You know Shit don't like I don't know. Yeah you gotta protect your teammates bro. But to a certain extent this shit is tossing you though. That's what y'all fail to realize is is them teammates gonna kick him his money back. You gotta understand these basketball players, these niggas spin and spin and spin and spin and spend and about four years.


That's why you always them nigga be broke. You gonna thank them two or $300,000 Act up you a motherfucking lie. You ain't got always got a big beat up for your motherfucking teammate. Hell no On nigga you got to be up for yourself nigga. I'm that when I'm damn be by myself. Well God damnit you gonna be here by yourself on this court nigga. I talk shit but I ain't getting that shit. I talk shit to one of you niggas right now. Don't mean I'm going fight. Hell no but you best you right there where we at And we you, you, you best the laws coming nickel.


They going come and see what's going on And you best believe I'm going to tell them motherfuckers threatened to fight me threatening to whoop my ass threaten to kill me threaten to do do harm to me. Sir are you afraid for your your life? Absolutely he meant it. He told me he was gonna kick my ass. I know he meant it. I know he meant it. That's me. That's what I'm gonna tell the police officer. You ain't gonna hear me telling them that though. But that's where I'm gonna be off to the side telling my side of the story Now when I come back over though, I'm telling you it's all good bro. Just a mistake. I'm lying like a motherfucker. You know the police, I know how they rolling. They gonna come over there and talk to you. Okay, okay, okay, okay we got this.


Put your hands up for me God dammit. That's my favorite part when they tell you put your hands up, spread your legs but you throwing that yo. I don't give a damn about them. Other people telling me dub you wrong me, you next I'm going home. I don't know about y'all but I'm going home. I don't hang with people who start shit. I go hang with drunks. I go hang with people who, who like to gamble on the diet. I don't. I'm going home. That's the motto I'm going home.


That should be your motto. I'm going home. You see a lot of times y'all see shit jumping off but you just, what? You just like Isaiah Stewart, you want to be in the mix and get shot through. I see shit. I'm in the spot chilling. I see some niggas bouncing around. I'm telling my people that let's get the fuck on up outta him man what's going on with all these hoes? You fuck them hoes nigga we fuck around won't be here no more. Fuck no hoes And we gonna get up outta here now y'all be thinking with the wrong head. He musty assholes don't want shit in life. Yes she damn she broke hole. How You know look at the bitch edges.


That's all I'm saying. Sometimes God puts stuff in our view we gonna pay attention 'cause we blinded by the pretty face we blinded by the ass. But we ain't realize this bitch touching ze, we ain't got no car so the said gotta be trash. They ain't got no car but she back trash telling you now experience don't have to be the best teacher. Y'all keep telling y'all that I letting these women fool y'all men pay attention ladies.


Stop letting these niggas fool y'all. A lot of times these niggas be on here capping got all this money that big motherfucking plug money them niggas owe. Got you fooled though. Yeah go and count this up for me. Boom. They ain't even that nigga money. That nigga home born this motherfucking nigga right now hunting them down for that little old 15, 20. Gotta pay attention ladies get you a man who got a real check coming in. A real check coming in man. Somebody that's gonna be able to help take care of you and your kids if you got kids man fellas, if you get with a chick and she got kids, that's a bundle you, you understand.


So if you give with the chicken she got kids you ain't just gotta rock with her. You gotta rock with the kids too bro. Regardless if they child father in they life or not, you gotta do your job bro and treat that child as if it's your child. Man. I know a lot of dudes get in relationship kids ain't there and they mistreat the step kid. That's bullshit bro. We ain't mistreating nobody motherfucking kids man. We gonna treat them kids with love and respect just like they were ours. That's what we doing. Now if my real kids got George, my step kids don't have motherfucking George. That just, that's just what it is now. We ain't gonna mistreat nobody or child 'cause I wouldn't want nobody mistreat my motherfucking child man.


But some of you ho ass niggas do that. That's why you ho ass Niles. You ain't gonna never beat shit. You gonna never amount to shit. That's how you treating other folk. Kids just can't be laying over with this ho and and goddamn mistreating her babies. What? What we do that at no


watching this show then You know it's being presented by pics. Go ahead and download the number one sports fantasy app in the game right now. You know you, you just picking your favorite players more or less. Oh there you're picking your favorite player more or less over on prize pick. And only way you gonna win if you going play. I keep telling you that the only way you gonna win if you going to play. I won what six? I won $680 a night. I'm fiddling good here tomorrow. I'm eating fried salmon. I mean who, who be eating fried salmon? Talk to me on here man. That's where I been eating like I either been eating grilled salmon, fried salmon changing my diet up a little bit. I'm eating broccoli, You know what I'm saying ma'am I'm eating rice. You know I'm just trying to change my eating habit because I got a little Bentley. You know what I'm talking about. I'm just trying to slim down eat right drinking more water. I drunk water today. I feel good. I drunk some water man so I ain't just preaching that health shit to y'all. Like I'm really trying to do it myself as well. But who be on, who be on that fried salmon though? Talk to me Dwight a hall of famer.


Dwight is definitely a hall of famer but I think his playing days is over. Somebody said that's them hoes. Fuck man you can shut me knocking down the ho man. And they got kids And you staying with 'em. That's what I'm saying. If you fucking them and not staying with that's one thing. But if you kicking it with a chicken, she got kids bro. You, you, you real men gonna step up to the plate and and take care of the whole fo That just, that just what we do. Right. That just what we do get that fish scene. Somebody say bake salmon is better because of okay put them back shit in the base while I get some nigga now I ain't, I ain't knocking that now.


I ain't saying why you trying to get what you get? You know have the kids in the other room. I ain't saying all that. I'm saying if you kicking it with this woman man you kicking it with this woman man hugging her kids is a package bro. I guess how it go. Yeah y'all, You know what I'm saying? You gotta take 'em to the movies, you gotta take 'em to the park. You gotta spend time with these kids man. Try to get a gallon. Y'all do definitely need to think a gallon in the wagg make gonna work. Christian Thompson. Y'all think he a bigger bigger? I don't know man. Tristan Thompson got that damn Kardashian blood And I, I don't know about Tristan Thompson Man. Hey you ain't lying though.


Some of 'em kids do be saying that you ain't my daddy but that's when you thump him up when you thumping. Right. This motherfucker ear little nigga might not be your real daddy nigga but I'm here now. Yeah nigga I'm in your mama guts now. They go I'm in guts all night. I know you heard of old nigga. Yeah and it wasn't from the meat, it was from me pinching them arms. Baby come here my girl ain't got nowhere worry about nobody finding no vein for her. She wanted to draw blood 'cause I'm pinching them motherfucking arms during sex because she ain't gonna feel this meat but she gonna feel this pinch come here. Yes sir. Come here. Body rocking up in the bedroom.


I be getting off on her mattress. Yeah I told my baby she got the little weight. Yeah her metric can't hold all this shit. We gonna talk baby. You got a little Yeah I got to move it to the side every now and then to get up her there and get shit. I don't mind. She little embarrassed I ain't, she got to cut the lights out. Leave home. Yeah, leave them home baby. I don't give a damn about no other man liking you. It's all about me that I like you. I like what I'm seeing from you kill. But what you gotta do sometimes with you girl take off from work sometimes fellas.


Y'all motherfuckers ain't been romantic. I mean too hard. Y'all ain't romantic no motherfucking more. I know she gonna look like she, I know your girl gonna look like she used to look no more. I get it. We we, we grow old. We we we we we we we gain weight as we get older but the love should still be there. The fire should still be burning And you, you should still be wanting to go to the gas station and get them hundred packs and off them little old Rhino. You you you should be wanting to fuck the wig off this whole head because You know, You know what I'm saying? I know I got some old schools on here right now. No disrespect but some of y'all old lady wearing wigs. We know that nigga. You know what I'm saying? Ain't got getting mad. Hell these young old wearing wigs, it's all good but goddamnit you gotta be wanting to knock the dust off that goddamn we for.


That's all I'm saying. Come on that. Oh you back sometime barbecuing with your, with your boy drinking. She looking at you over over her girl looking at her now she knowing you ain't better to get hard like you used to. That's when you ask the question to your boys, Hey man, what, what's some shit? I think that gonna keep me hard. Shit Charles, I got this root pill I've been hearing about YOU do at work man. Take this goddamn pill right here about an hour. Goddamn go down. That's all You know y so old fashioned and all that shit man.


Come on. No spice your relationship up this hole. Take her out on the ride. Take her down on the back road and have sex in the car. Do do whatever you gotta do man. Mine is a terrible thing to waste these days man. My mind is a terrible thing to waste. Stay young mind it don't do young dumb shit. But stay young minded a long time man. I'm telling you from an old man told me disrespected man real tall. I talked to this guy, he was like 95 years old. He said that was his method. Even though he was getting older, he wasn't doing the older shit that make him feel like he was going into retirement or nursing home. He just kept working as if he was just a young man.


And that's what we gotta do sometimes, sometimes we lose sight of the small things in life. Sometimes we lose sight of the things that we that we have instead of the things that we want. And and that's just the nature of the, of, of of life. You know, we all want more, we all want certain things but let's not lose sight of the small things. And that is we are alive right now. We're alive. So we winning scream. Some of y'all been job hunting still ain't got a job yet. It's okay. You still alive though. You got another day to keep grinding. You got another day to, to keep working. Long as you gonna lose sight of what's the bigger picture.


And that's being, that's being continue to lean on. God. Your face should ne your faith should, shall never waver no matter what you going through. I don't care how tough it is And I know shit get tough And I know shit get tough. Your face will never waver. I always talk about this, I tell this story to keep me humble And you remind me where I come from. But growing up man, And I know I'm not the only one I know every, I know, every time I know a lot of people say lot of celebrities, they always said they struggle lot 'em be lying bro. Lot of 'em had silver spoon. Lot them with middle class kids growing up. Lot of them folks be lying. They just say they just to make people just try to make their story seem great.


But folks be lying. But ain't no cap in my step bro. I remember growing up, bro, every time it would rain, it would rain in our house, like real talk. We have pots and pans in the kitchen and shit so when it rain it would, You know, it would fall in them buckets and pots. That's just real talk. That's just where I come from And I embrace it. I don't, it ain't nothing to be embarrassed about it just so, just, just where I come from. And at the time back then my family didn't have the money to fix the roof or none of that. You know, I, I come from a family, we just gonna patch it up and that's where I come from. But everybody's story is different man.


You just gotta stay focused, stay focused and put the work in. I always say it's faithful. God works. It's dead. I remember when my phone wouldn't ring y'all Now you jumping like Vince call got a slam dunk contest. Like I'm just telling you the truth. It can't happen and it can't be, you don't never think it can't be you one day. You, you might be down now before next day or two you could be up majorly. So I always treat people with respect man. I know sometimes people get outta line. You gotta discipline. I I respect that.


If I'm just talking about being a good person though at heart, not trying to get over on nobody and this and that. That's, that's what I'm talking about, man. Not being greedy. There's a lot of greedy people out here man. You know, people are about to let you borrow $5 but they want 30 back. I think that's bullshit. Personally, if I give you $5, just gimme five back. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't no extras. I I, that ain't how I am. But everybody different. But I feel Like, You know, you just gotta stay focused in this world. 'cause it's a lot of distractions out here from drugs to women to, to men.


If you in the men like it is, it is a lot of distractions for a lot of people. But stay grounded, stay focused. You know, if you can't watch this show sometime, man, you can only listen to it. Go to Apple Podcast, focus Spotify, type in the bubble dub show and give me a listen man. You know I'm gonna talk sports, I'm gonna talk real life. I'm gonna spit the bible. I, i I do it all. But guess what we do over here? Check out to my people in the chat. Si BI see you boy gang chaos. You damn right you can do it. I don't know if y'all don't know who, if I got some day one followers on here or not, but You know, it's like my seventh year doing skits and, and and and and this and that.


And like I say, where I'm from, bro, nobody believed nobody because they didn't, they ain't never seen nothing like this in what I was doing. I say I was kind of hit on my time. I my time where I was from, they didn't see it. The motherfucker see it now. That's the, that's the burger game at all. It's not for me to put nothing in their face or brag. I don't care nothing about none of this shit Let me gone on tomorrow. But it's the journey I had to go through certain shit that would make it feel so special. I had to really go through, I had to really cry And I had to really bump into these certain kind of people and deal with their bullshit and bump into these certain people and, and and, and, and so-called for motors and, and it got down on me for 50,000.


I I went through that and it still didn't stop me. Still didn't stop me. I, every time something came my way I just, I'm gonna keep jumping over this shit. I'm gonna keep jumping. Oh why me now I can't ask God why? Damn. Just, just keep going bro. And the same way with you. Just keep going man. Take one step, take three guys. Damn. I just, I'm just close God. And then before You know it, ah, I'm jumping over the shit. Now I'm jumping okay. Not gonna bless come not gonna blesses come now when no s coming you can't get the feeling yourself can't become an asshole 'cause money only make you more of what you really are.


Don't let that money change you man. Be who you are. But be smart and keep trying to elevate. Yeah, some of y'all in here now wanna start a business but your people probably tell you nah it ain't the right time then when then when is the right time then the guy calling us home every goddamn day. When is it gonna be the right time, the right timing? Now do it ain't there What Nike do when them goddamn LeBron and them get on that goddamn damn bus when they look old at Brony damnit doing it. What he doing? Y'all rolling Brony got 75 bucks.


Roll, Come here, bring your big bag ass. You know,


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away. You gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more in fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California governor Gavin Newsom. I watch Fox, I pay attention. Newsmax one American News. I don't turn my back to the critics, but there is a sort of California derangement syndrome out there that is just sort of ridiculous. This notion that this is the only state that has challenges. It's just comedic but it's damaging. We record breaking tourism last year. We have a surplus again. We have a state with population growing again. You wouldn't know that that's not prevalent. It's not part of the discussion. It's been engulfed by the Fires, it's been engulfed in the fires. It's, You know, it's a failed state, You know, California. But for me, I, You know, it's pride for me again as a guy lives here who cares about the state is to make a case anew for it. And I'm a little Clint Tony about it. There's nothing wrong with it. It can't be fixed with fire. What's right with it? Listen to the new season of, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Like all the homie, what'd you say? Fans Bro, I really don't be doing skits. I'm up bro. To be honest bro, I'm like, I'm just into my podcast thing. This is what I'm doing. Talking to the people bro. Like I feel like, And I know a lot of people always ask me like skits, like I really don't really do skits like that no more, just to be honest bro. I mean I still can but I guess don't. It's all about growth. Like in younger days you used to go through the windows of me, You know what I'm saying? Go in these girl houses, you used to go through the windows And you sneak in. When you get older you ain't sneaking through no damn windows no more. That's kind of how I look at it with that skit game. Shit. I kind of went to the sports l and this, You know, I still do it football season certain shit, but pretty much it's just gonna be me in front of the camera talking my shit, talking my talk and, and that's just what it is.


Now the reason why I say I wanna be doing skits 'cause I feel like I make a level now leveling up while I feel to be on some major films. Thank God they come. So that's why I'm at with that. I'm all about growth. I'm all about trying to get to the next level, bro. I don't be wanting to just, You know, look back like that. Like man I gotta do a skit. Nah motherfucker, I need to, to do some movies. That's what I need to be doing. Some major films. That's, that's my mind frame right now. So I know y'all miss the skits and me snitching and them type of videos and, And I I I miss 'em too. But they just, they just ain't why I'm at no more mentally.


I'm so dialed into my standup game right now. I'm on tour. We can watch tour. Make sure y'all get out there and see us. I'm so dialed into that man right now, You know, Friday we in LA Saturday, we in Oakland Sunday when Arizona, You know, God is great. Being able to finally be around somebody like Mike Epps giving me the game. I'm soaking it in. I'm listening, I'm learning. I'm, I'm adapting, I'm adjusting And I wanna be great dog. I wanna be great y'all. I wanna be good man.


I'm, I'm blessed. A lot of people been in the coming game 20, 30 years And I ain't accomplished without accomplish yet. And I feel like I ain't accomplished shit. I ain't done shit yet y'all, I'm just, it's just the beginning. But to to but to be on a major tour like this with the, with the big dogs and holding my motherfucking on, yeah it feels good but I got a lot of more work to do. I got some Netflix specials I want to do. I got some big time movies I want to do, You know, possibly build some schools man and, and and just be a good person man. Be a philanthropist man and really make a difference in the world.


Awesome. That's my mind friend. Hopefully y'all got to, hopefully y'all got dreams and aspirations, which y'all know show many y'all do. Some of y'all aren't doing y'all motherfucking thing and I'm proud of you. It's one thing about me. I ain't gonna never hate talk down. I ain't nobody from poof feeding they family and doing what they supposed to do. As long as you ain't out here on no pedophile and raping and, and and hurting people and all that. I'm riding with you 'cause it's never been about me. It's always been about us. And You know, sometime I tell people in in in in your in your circle, your your your people gotta realize that. If, if if if you a star, if, if you him, everybody gotta play they motherfucking role no matter what it is.


You gotta play your role to to to to get him or her to whatever they need to get to. And when they get there they And you best relieved. I i if they got the right mind and the right heart, they going to wherever you need you got and that's the way it should go. That's why I applaud LeBron. He may not be the goat, that's Deb but he could go putting a motherfucking team together. His brothers and he'll motherfucking goal in that. I'm gonna play ball, I'm gonna focus on ball. Y'all take y'all ass to school and learn this, this, that and the third.


And, and and when when it come back time for me God to sign these big ass contract, God damnit you gonna run the show. You gonna be in the means. And that's what I like about him. I'm trying to build my own team the same motherfucking way but if not tell them it's all about the people. Your only good is the people around you man. You got full of shit people around you. You going to have full of shit business now tell me I'm lying. Tell me I'm lying. If you got full of shit people around you, you going to have full of shit business. You can't expect shit to go right when you ain't got right shit around. Somebody gotta be able to say no if you too powder.


Somebody gotta say, somebody gotta say you ain't doing no powder, no damn lot motherfuckers plow around here And you ain't slide motherfucker take a picture ride here slide motherfucker ride taking hundred backs. That's me. I'm a hundred pack taking some but I ain't doing it right. I'm taking a hundred pack with Dr. Peppers. I'm supposed to take a hundred pack with water. See I I know fucking know. I I know I am And I I'm, I ain't supposed to be taking no motherfucking honey pack with no Dr.


Pepper. But I do it, I do it and I'm wrong. I we family, I can tell y'all the mistakes that I'm making. That's what I do trash of the day. Those to me. I took one of them motherfucking hundred packs and drunk a goddamn Dr. Pepper. I wasn't no more goddamn good. I what y'all I'm a dog. She called. I'm on the way. Stay your ass at the high. I'm seeing double. I ain't had shit but I was, I was seeing shit I wasn't normally supposed to see and that motherfucker, he wasn't, he he still didn't, he wasn't hard.


So I knew I did it backwards. So for the people out there watching, if you take a hundred pack don't drink no. So man drink water. I know you supposed to drink water anyway but me, I wanted to take Dr. Pepper. They just me. God damnit I had a dog got a craving Dr. Pepper and God damnit. They just what I took we, but now I know I learned you got to drink water with the hundred Pack Dr. Pepper, sprites. That shit don't work bro. Get back on the water. Man, I had to tell y all that shit 'cause I, I, I had, I went to the hospital because Yeah, yeah, I, I had to tell you I went to the hospital and shit. Yeah man, I was seeing all kinds of shit man. I don't know what the fuck wrong with me man.


Surprise, TMZ ain't got the tape. Why that damn there put me one of them straight jackets. Boy. I was fucked up off that a hundred pack and that Dr. Pepper. That shit didn't mix because, but I'm back now. I'm better. I'm feeling better. Yeah. That little old thing gonna come over tomorrow night too. But ain't when when lemme tell y'all something man ain't no greater feeling fella when that motherfucker phone come over. But you, you start cleaning up the house and shit. You know what I'm saying? You call your mama if your momma still living Now you call. Hey mom, how you doing baby boy I ain't talked to you in two weeks. My mom, I'm just, just everything all, I need some money down there nigga ain't got no money but nigga gonna say anyway, y'all got some money down here.


I need something. Yeah, we good. I just checking on you And you see no motherfucking head lights hit they driveway nigga start doing pushups and shit. You start bouncing around motherfucking house and shit. Open that motherfucking door. She come through her smelling. Most men I know because the women be like, oh you such in a rush. That's me. Soon as she come in that motherfucking door, I'm like that. We done talk on the phone all motherfucking day. We gonna talk nasty on one another. When you talk get naked. I'm taking them motherfucking clothes off of you. I'm going down 12 too. Yeah, I'm on some boys in the hood shit.


Picking up, taking up the stairs and shit. That your boy and I'm in there getting off with no rubble. Come on. Don't get me wrong. Safe. Sex is green. Safe sex is green but unprotected. Sex is cr Come on. When you get in that, when you get in that wet summer, get got that orange chili in the background he phone. Baby. All I need is your me. Excuse me new. Hey babe. I'm telling y'all some real shit tonight.


Ain't no greater feeling when they come over. They got that little spend the night bag too. They be capping. They'll be laughing at my little bag. I normally gonna be doing it. Bitch you done done this six summers in a row. Why y'all women be lying now And I don't normally having no spend the night. Bitch you been doing this for six years straight. You gonna get your cute, thick, fine smelling good ass all up in this motherfucker now. Bitch I done a Sprite bitch. I'm so comfortable around you. I'm so comfortable around you too. I'm saying everything I'm supposed to say to get that shit.


See what the head game like you said you old god damnit get for it. Let me see. Oh yeah, I'm a motor figure. Don't and get it. Even though my thing ain't big. I talk like it is. Don't even get that wanting storm. That's how go and get bitch you bitch you got my hand on my Glock 40 too. You bagging. You did Ain't got much. You bite my shit. I'm outta there. You scar my shit. I'm outta there so we gonna take this real, real serious. Don't you bruise this brisket, This real brisket. Don't you bruise him sister.


I got all right here tonight. Who y'all. Who y'all got winging on ncaa. Talk to me. Who y'all got? God damnit. Y'all thought I wasn't gonna talk about this college basketball. You a damn lie. Who you got? I wanna see y'all picks talk to me. NCAA. Who y'all got winging off? Talk to me your stepdaddy, you god damn right right here. Them big hoes. I like around October when not get me a big hole. I love me a big 285 pound woman. Big tiggy motherfucker. God damnit. Motherfucker who need help getting up off the couch. Them my kind of goddamn with me.


Bitch I be back in two days. Don't you fucking move. Okay daddy tongue kiss here big motherfucker get too. What motherfucker? I grab a big bitch. If you ever tell somebody I fuck you, it's I make love to them being 275, 280 pound caravan driving ass. Motherfuckers always hyping. They besty green up.


Shit I love but during the summertime I'm not with your big girl. And I will deny too. I ain't never slept with a big woman a day in my motherfucking lie. But the whole time I'm lying. Appreciate that Norm. I'm gonna leave. These niggas gonna get out here and lie to y'all. I put them You gotta be respectful. I got kids watching y'all, y'all, y'all put this two inch lemon pepper in. A big woman in, in a man and lay up with too. Shit. I lay, I live with a 300 pound woman right now watching Godfather Hall.


Think I won't win our wheel. See they women, that's the thing. That's how they women. Oh because she big, she still got her vagina. She still got tears. Shit. And and back in the day when I didn't have no place, shit, well I was fucking for a home. I fucking for sale though. I couldn't go back home. So I had to make it work. I already didn't have no meat so I had to make sure my tongue game was Excellent.


I'm talking about Excellent. And the best ones is them CNA, them big CNAs. The best motherfucking women on earth because niggas don't be wanting them. They be talking down on them and and and and shit. Not me. I ain't nothing like pulling up to them. CNA jobs in one of them whole cars picking them up. I've been hitting licks in this bitch car all motherfucking day. I'm gonna real milk and when I pick her up from work and take her home, she gonna give that motherfucking kitchen and cook for that. And my fire broke up in her living room that's being paid by six and eight And I'm gonna put the big PS five on the big screen in the living room and her kids gonna be in they goddamn room mind and eight damn bitch.


And by 10 30 after the kids done took they bath, God damnit, I'm gonna go in in the room with her and all her big motherfucking ass up. She going look like a overside g Gladed donut. When I get done well then I'm gonna slide down And I put on my scuba deal. Yeah, you gonna think I'm a Navy Seal. Damn. You know, put a little talk on my big hole all night and tell her when you get your taxi boo, we gonna get a curl van. We need more room. All this ass you got baby a Curl van. See she think the Curl van all about her. But see that Curl Van is my front to move my work.


Damn. Hey man, I'm just making myself laugh man. Don't pay me no attention on that last point, man. I'm just, I'm just having fun shooting this shit man. Appreciate your opportunity in night. I catch y'all again tomorrow night, man. Peace and gliss and love out one The Volume.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay. Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Go miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.


Hey, It's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California Governor Gavin Newsom. Is there any chance of increased tax breaks for the movie business? We're Gonna double it. You are. I proposed that a few months ago and that was right before the fires. What are the fires only reinforced? Right? The imperative. And also working with all our friends, You know, the the who's who of Hollywood saying it's time to double down on bringing production back to California, particularly this time of recovery and renewal. I said to my legislative friends, I said, there's no budget. I'll veto the budget. If we don't get it done, it's gonna get done. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers, but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away. You gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else, but never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov, brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Ad Council.