
For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena. Here in Las Vegas Stream live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet and more. Buy tickets now with axs.com.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The volume. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. I'm back. I know y'all been missing me. Damn. I been on the road getting it in but nevermind nigga. I'm back today. Let's get straight to it. Hit that light button right now. Yep, yep. That's gone. Get it started in case. I don't know what's been going on. I know y'all been seeing 50 cent in Hurricane Chris go ahead. Going back and forth now lemme go and just get straight to it. Hey, hey look fam, there you was up under 50 cent Post asking could you be in the celebrity game and now that you didn't get in the celebrity game or that you didn't get to perform down there in Shreveport where I was at.


Matter of fact, who I performed and what I did my mother fucking thing. But nevermind that ain't about me. It's about 50. It's about Hey babe. Babe you mad that you wasn't a part in the show. That's what you mad about. You mad that you wasn't a part in the show fam, this man is bringing money to the city. You ain't bringing nothing but drugs and destruction. Now tell me I'm lying and not rock with you baby babe. But you going about this the wrong way fam. What you say you came out in oh five, it's 24. What the hell have you been? That's what I know. What gonna up under, you gonna wait a whole weeks now you wanna come out and talk? Stop it fam. Now what real men do is if you can get the gig on the show and you feelings hurt, I understand.


'cause you is Louisiana, you iSport, I give you that. But you go behind the scenes. Hey fam, I don't like this. I don't like that. I feel like, man you should have reached out to me man. I'm a legend girl. I been doing my thing over 24 years and that's the way you go about it. Going out and open public and doing that to 50. You ain't doing no make it matters worse bro. Come on dog. You know what I'm saying? You, you showing the world that you gonna know how to run no motherfucking business. Mad and upset. Something don't go your way now you what? You act like Don White people act when they get fired. White people get fired to go home, get their rifle and come back up there and do some stupid ass shit. That's what white people do. That's what you did. That's exactly how you act right now fam.


You. I mean come on fam got got you got They got you. You nigga got up under the post. They got you Hurricane Chris. I want, I wanna play. Come on fam. You begging and Dick turned down nigga like somebody who can't get in the club talking all this shit in the world but outside the club and can't get in. That's what you were doing. You, you shoulda just pulled up. I figured if you would've just pulled up got in the event, they probably would've just put you on stage fam. But you wait two weeks later to bring some sugar. Come on fam. You better than that now. I ain't gonna even get at no more John because I know y'all been seeing her going the back and forth. We we ain't gonna even get to that.


Let's get to some real shit going on Dallas Cowboy. Where my cowboy fan at Jerry Jones still act up bullshitting. Guess what Jerry Jones doing? Y'all bullshitting still ain't signed SiGe Lamb yet. And this somebody y'all wanna put y'all motherfucking trust on. I think oh age done got to Sherry. I'm gonna be quite honest. I think Jerry Jones line by the age he been 88 9 years in a row. Stop it. I know damn well Jerry Jones a hundred but that's my own. I rock with him but me and you need to have a talk Jerry now CD Lamb. They telling me they gonna outfit you 133 million. What the hell you waiting on?


Its time to pull up Sug up. You put the numbers up now go get the money fa 1 33. Shit. Whatcha you trying to be a girl? You must, you must take you Tyree Hill. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You must take you Jeffrey, Jeff J Justin Jefferson Lamb, you ain't nothing. I don't get playing y'all you know Lamb, you know you a great player but 1 33 fam gone and take it man. Come on man. We need you on the mother in field. You seen the way Dak looking out there trailering I Cooper Rush is who I want but we need you on the field Jerry Lamb sit down some damn word. Make a goat decision.


I don't people I, I don't know what this expect. Hell me either. I dunno. I'm tired of fucking losing watching them in practice through film. Defensive line ain't getting off the line like they supposed to. What the hell y'all doing in the off season? You supposed to get ready in the off season. Come to training camp and he should be already in great shape in training camp. But some of y'all are getting in shape in training camp. That's a damn problem. That mean y'all ain't working on y'all craft. Y'all out here working on them out I suppose in different area Go.


I get it. I would be too but if I'm getting 15, 10, 15 I don't care if I'm getting 5 million a year motherfucker, I'm working now every day I'm gonna laugh rat. I'm gonna look like that damn rushing that were knocking out Rocky. You do. You hear that damn Russian. Were knocking out the Italian pasta Rocky in they movie and y'all know it. Y'all you see what he did to Apollo same way Curry did them good night put him to sleep. That's what that Russian did to Rocky in Apollo. Y'all know. Damn what that rush Rocky couldn't whip Apollo. Hell Rocky couldn't even talk shit.


Come on man. Come on man y'all know I ain't playing with y'all today. I'm telling y'all the truth. Cowboy bullshitting this year I want results. I want results. This year we we got less. Niggas more you can do less with more. Look at Brady. Look what Brady did with New England besides Gronk and Mo just talking about notable players like that. R-I-P-C-T-E or Hernandez. Who else Brady Hagg over there. Who else he have over there?


I fucking wait Brady that pop Billy coolest like drinking that Bill Belichick, the Greg Greg duo vote. Y'all wanna talk about Shaq and Kobe. Y'all wanna talk about what about Brady and that's the damn Greg duo put something on your mind and they, you damn right I did got a chance to go visit the Pittsburgh Steelers this year. Shout out to my homemade Mike Tomlin. You know Doug went up there and did a little comedy for the player you know went up there and told little jokes. Yeah that's what I did. And having the conversation I seen Russell Sierra Wilson now I seen Justin Fields them, them two men competing fucking start a job.


I told him I don't give a damn who start long get my prize pick hit. Damn right. If you ain't playing prize pick you change. I'm on the road today. If you, you already logging in right now, you should done hit the like button already. Damn right. Sugar done hit the subscribe button if you ain't subscribed and you should be in the comments right now saying Dub on fire today. You damn right. Stay good Green. Yeah this ain't don't get your song it hey you like me don't even get your song. Yeah I went to go visit Pittsburgh Steelers. Like I said we don't really know who gonna start but I can just tell you that I think Russell Wilson gonna start the season out.


He is a champion by the way. I don't give a damn how Sean Peyton portrayed him last year. Russell Wilson didn't have a bad year last year. I put that shit on on Sean Peyton fat neck ass. Yeah I still don't like you Sean Peyton. Even though I think you a good coach. I think Bo Nate gonna do you and them Bronco good this year but Damnit Russell Wilson going to start this year and I think he gonna play great because if he don't Justin Field's ready to take the damn field. I'm telling you right now, Steelers ain't got a quarterback problem no back. They can win with both. Y'all can win with both. He goes whatcha gonna do with the Steelers dude rounds, what y'all gonna do with the Steelers B them up?


What y'all gonna do with Thes Like Thomas say you know matter of fact even though I'm, I've been with this organization 18 years started that room room they all fuck black. So I'm gonna say mother this gonna be the first time I had two black quarterback come here now we gonna talk today. L got 32 NL mother team ain't but six black head coaches. I don't like this shit. Damn if we gonna change we gonna change for the not for the worst and I ain't got nothing against them mother coaches, you know white men, whatever it is, I ain't got nothing against that but damn it six outta 32.


I don't like that. Ain't no black NFL on y'all motherfucker wanna report on this and that. Why y'all ain't report on that? There ain't no black NFL owner don't gimme magic 'cause he ain't the fucking majority. I don't even know if that's Magic Johnson no damn mo look like boy Henry. I'm just saying I don't even know if that's magic. Magic don't even know he magic from damn NFL black owner and I don't like that. That's a fucking problem to me. It's a problem.


Got do better y'all. We got do better. It just, it's just crazy shit what's going on out here these days man I can see somebody made some video of Trump and Kamala Harry having kids Stop it. That sickness, I liked it. I ain't gonna lie. I liked it that video, it was funny to me. Some people ain't gonna get it. I find comedy and everything, you know that's the way I, I find comedy in that. You're saying it was, it was some funny situation on that also. I got a chance to go visit the Indianapolis coach got a chance to chop it up with Anthony Richardson. Man good young man come from a great family. I feel like Indiana finally got him another quarterback because they, you know they had the Peyton, they had luck.


Now I got, now I feel like now they got Anthony Richardson now all they have to do over there is build with him. They got the running back. Taylor put it in the bread basket they can get it. I know you can get me three yards. That's the kind of running back. Jonathan Taylor is he can get you three, he can get you four. Hell he getting the secondary. He is hopeful. Be on the lookout for the coats. I know some of y'all be watching this show. Y'all be like dang man Dub and what? What team he got? I till I die and I don't give a damn what G Wall tell y'all I was set up.


I'm a cowboy for life don't you Mofo never forget it. But if the cowboy get to lose it, Doug will change up. I ain't gonna lie, I'm gonna change up throughout the year. You gonna see me with the Steelers on Detroit. You gonna see me with several NFL team Jersey Young. Why? Because I'm a fucking analyst now I can get away with it. Y'all smart. Y'all asses y'all ain't finna put me with one team I'm with. I hold 32. Might not be no black NFL on but I'm be the first black man to have all 32 NFL team. Come on.


Come on. How y'all feeling today is Monday? Man I know some of y'all didn't even wanna go to work today with y'all side ass. I don't blame shit. I ain't wanna come here and do this video but I know I had to get y'all, I had to get it to y'all man over the weekend. I know I, I forgot 'cause I 'cause I've been working. I know y'all back to boxing. Canelo fighting on what's his name. Burling fighting to nobody and I know he 22 no 23. No I get it but he ain't finna whoop no damn Canelo and y'all know it. Let's be real. Let's keep it real. Canelo ain't can, ain't finna losing no damn Burling. What I wanna know Canelo, you keep running all the other damn podcast.


Why in the hell your ass ain't fighting big pig ass is what I wanna know. Me and the rest of my boots spurs wearing as Mexican friends. De we wanna know we watch that motherfucker on Telemundo. Don't think my good Mexican friends don't wanna see you fight Bighead. Yeah, yeah. Bring your Hogg ass out and fight. Bura ain't here. He from New York. I'm from New York. New York


For 25 years. BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our IHeartRadio Music Festival President by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows. Thomas Rhett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell Out@axs.com.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Fight being a big ass Fanm. Berlin. Berlin I ain't got nothing against you. I know you young, you still building but you I max I know fag. Your them all behind end. Yeah don't listen to that shit. Don't you listen to that shit. Shoot that bell. Ring that Rooster Neck Canelo coming in now. Canelo 61 and two. You heard me? Canelo Avarez 61 and two and De La Hoya. You got your fist neck wearing ass up there on on UNC show talking about you a better than Stop it. Stop it. You need to be drug tested right now.


I bet you it's probably in your system in them thirties we know how you get down De la ho you how much you gonna remember. Yeah you remember fam you know exactly. You went and picked out the dress, the thong and everything in fam then you get up here on these podcasts and lie stop it and stop it And J Paul you gonna learn too. Mike gonna knock your ass out too. Yeah Mike gonna knock the rich about your as watch running around here playing. I'm fight old Mike. Okay, Mike ain't got here. Ain't the real Mike. That's another mother.


That's another one. Mike. The mike I know wasn't friendly. Mike smoking weed, playing chess, playing Monopoly with with shit. Yeah Mike playing possum. I'm telling y'all Jake your career gonna be over Fa. Yeah Mike knocking your ass out third round. Hope they got paramedics on site. Y'all wanna see a dead body but damn you finna see one. Damn you finna see one another boxing Nu on one over the weekend of Doula Mason. Have y'all heard of Doula Mason? I know I've been talking about him on here by now. You should done done your research if you don't know him, get to know him.


Get to know a doula Mason right now. He had next thing on the tank. He next mother and I'm putting all my land property on him. Knocked out Mike knocked out Mike o Hand Jr this past weekend in the second round. For real shit. Knocked the chicken spaghetti up outta a knee. I can't see no mos. I thought Robert Green no Moss told my god Chin ain off on that mic hitting that goddamn bank. Y'all got me bullshit. What y'all in here today man? Hey man I'm telling y'all AB doula Mason is him. Shout out to j Prince Senior for found.


That's one thing about J Prince Senior I can say you what y'all wanna say about the old man, the og. That motherfucker got a eye for boxers. Don't forget he had Floyd. He had Floyd under them rules and regulations too. Champ to gig. But yeah I got the J Penn senior man dude got a eye for boxers Real talk. Hang on. I think this young man gets gonna continue to get better and better and better. A 74 inch wingspan to reach out and touch you like at t. Come on, come on you get not tuning in Damnit. You should done hit the light button. You should done come in at 50 times.


She gonna hit the subscribe button. You should done sent it to your pastor, your mama, your auntie and your old lady. Your old lady ought to be sick of y'all listening to me. But damnit you should be sitting it and listening to everybody if you're at work right now and you can't watch, you can listen. Go Apple podcast right now. Type in The Bubba, Dub Show or if not go to Spotify and type in The Bubba, Dub Show. Watch me your pure like candy man saying three times. I won't. I'm scary. I still sleep with the light on shit. Not your boy. Not me. Shit Called me out, called me outside after the dark. You gonna be out there by your own mother yourself. I'm not going.


I live in Texas. Damn will take you out Musk. They ever down here. My dog won't go outside no more say man go on out the roof. I said what that mean mosquitoes shit nigga you got a point. You got a point with me. Shit. Summertime about to be over football season. Damn near here. I told you football, I can smell the grass right now smelling real good. Smell like ass whooping season. Me sound like the cowboy. Whoop past this year one my Detroit line fans said y'all whooping ass 49. Y'all whooping as John fans. Y'all whooping there Saints fans. Y'all whooping ass Texan fans. Y'all damnit.


Y'all ought to be exciting to him. Drop your team name right now in the come drop. Your team names in the comments Damon. Who you riding with this year? What I want to know what I really want know. Who you riding with? I'm on road with day y'all. I'm just on one right now. Damn. There's just so much shit going on. I'm upset child support don't ring up on your boy. Shit I'm having a bad motherfucking day. How you feel upset? What you going do about it? Ain't nothing I can't do. I got the fees mind. That's what I told the judge. I'm gonna take care of the kid but then who gonna take care of me?


My baby mama and this motherfucker riding around in the car I him ac work behind on I'm in this motherfucker sweating you. I'm feeling that. I ain't feeling too good under weather. Under weather today. Shout out to I Cube and his big three. Gary Peyton them won. That's what's up. They su you was out there trying to fight motherfucker gp, you shoulda done somebody Ain won something man I'm so proud of that big three man looking good. Everybody going to them games got some dope shit man. Ice Cube got going on man. I'm thinking about buying me a team on the cool. Matter of fact, me and the people that's watching, we all can put our money in.


You know I'm a big majority owner though, so I own 90%. Y'all put y'all money in with me. We'll own a big three team just to put something on y'all mind. Shit. Who will it get the paperwork right. Make sure everything legit and then we could buy a big three team. How about that Dub and whoever wanna pitch in. I say no more than four people, four more people. So be five people we'll pitch in, we'll buy a big three team, call the trade, don't make money. That's a hell of an investment right there. See Dub including y'all in my business. Fair. See I'm a real one. That's why when I come to your city you got to bring your big bad funky breath ass. I can come see me love seeing my people in public dub.


We love you man. We love the show shit. I can't tell them likes and views. I'm And. we need to do better than that. But all in all it's all love and I see y'all alive. It's always love and respect. Y'all be screaming TRASHH and as a man, as a artist, I can't ask for nothing more than that. That means a lot to me. It means I'm I'm I'm getting in different house hoses and y'all sitting down and y'all able to watch me and enjoy me. I really appreciate it when I come to your city. Like I said, you gotta come out to my comedy shows. I'm really doing my thing. I heard it's not something that I'm sitting here telling you. I'm telling you the truth. You can catch me this week too. Yeah I'm gonna be in OKC at Bricktown Comedy Club Thursday and Friday.


Grego tickets Saturday and Sunday I'm in Tulsa at Bricktown Comedy Club. Grab them tickets man. Come out here and see your book. I'm what You must see I'm, I'm just, I'm just keeping the book. Damn it white people. I know y'all watch come out. You and Sarah goddammit come out let somebody come through. Babysit Dustin and bring your ass on out here and see Dub Mexican. My Mexican family. Where you at? Y'all been pulling up too? Yeah. Y'all been pulling up? Yep. Come on, let somebody come watch and y'all come on. Bring the low riders out. Yeah, bring the Cortez Nike backs in the Dickies home. Bring your ass to the show all this week.


Thursday and Friday. I'm in OKC Bricktown Comedy Club. Grab them tickets right now. Stop waiting Saturday and Sunday I'm in Tulsa. Yeah Fresh 48 If you gonna come bring the police with you. 'cause I am. The motherfuckers dangerous and tussle. See after the show to my room, that's it. And on my bible sheet motherfucker lying Tus like that. Mm Ain't gonna around like that in tussle like that. Now they five rg three ass too pn. They ain't bullshit. Yeah you won't take up for such and such. Bye. Shit. Cut through they shit. ESPN ain't bullshitting. They find people these days. They gonna give a damn Who?


You yo SAG three at the end of the day. Wasn't cutting the mustard. RG three start your own podcast. Damn. Damn. But you need them. You don't need them. Do it on your own. Do it on your own. Stop playing with me today man. What we got coming up Case. Look, it's a video floating around with Ghislaine Wallo. Lemme tell y'all something like I told y'all earlier. I was set up Wallo set me up y'all. I'm just gonna bring, bring that back up. Damn. I was set up and and everything I said wasn't me was ai. I swore I ain't not on my kids.


Everything I said in that video was AI wasn't me. Mm Nah it wasn't me. It wasn't me all don't forget we got the hell all segment coming up. Got the TRASHH of the day segment coming up as well. Just so much shit going on right now. Y'all like I say this presidential race between Kamala Harris and and president and and Donald Trump. People coming up to me Dub who you voting for man look, I'm voting for who I'm voting for. You vote for whoever you wanna vote for it don't make a down to me long as you vote. Don't care. You can go red, you can go blue. As long as you be true to you. It's all that matters. Don't let these people get in your ear man. You better vote Kamma man. Shoot man. She gonna make change first woman president and don't let people get in here and tell you gonna vote for Trump.


Oh man. He'll biggie. He'll racist. He might be. I don't know but one thing I do know he was grabbing them women by they vaginas that shit. That's one thing Trump was doing. He said it itself locker room talk. If it's locker room talk it's real. That's all I'm saying. They come out. I ain't gonna get in nothing man you better do this now. I gonna give a damn what y'all do. As long as y'all tune in, watch this show. I don't give a damn once again football hall season it's close. Dub been going fishing too. Damn right. Don't you go fish? Hell y'all But I don't take no bait. Come on. Ain't nothing like being out there on that lake. Go out there on that pond relaxing with your cell phone without, can't nobody reach out and and bother you 'cause people wanna bother when you people are calling.


How you doing? I'm just relaxing. Okay cool. You need to relax but can you Hell no. Mm I can't do nothing these days. I'm tired of my whole lot of fucking favors. I know some of y'all watching all lot of favors. You been good to people that you wasn't supposed to be good to and they burnt you anyway I feel like or killing. I need some help. I got a big heart and I keep trusting you. That's me. Got a big heart. Try to help people and, and and, and and and they get over me. I'm sick of that shit then you know right now you got some people around you.


They better do they whatever they doing for you, they better do they motherfucking best. I don't want no halfway a person to drive. Y'all can do this Good now. Nah motherfucker. I need 100% outta you. If you say you going to do that, do it. Then when the next objective you do that when ain't skipping no steps y'all. So whatever company you got, whoever you working With over your body, you can shift leave at McDonald. Ain't no skipping no motherfucking shield. We ain't skipping none of that. It step by step by step by step by step. We gonna do it the right way. Don't give a damn if it take us 30 days, we going to do it the right way. Hey, I'm feeling today. Some of you here got hey take sitting around waiting on what to go off for some of you 40 fives and 50.


Some of you nigga been watching the show. 45 and 50 ain't been to a doctor in 12 years. You get your old ass down there to that doctor and let him examine your crazy ass talk much. You can't sleep at night. It's the weed. It ain't the we, it's you Henry. You need to go around and get diagnosed and shit. Get checked out. Boy y'all wanna live a long time. Don't you wanna live till you're 85 and 90 black people. 41 be die shaking No I'm hurt.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our IHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows. Thomas Rett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell Out@axs.com.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Peter B. King Man, sick of y'all nigga. Road time somebody die. Y'all act like y'all done an autopsy with a a hurry. Y'all messing me behind that autopsy song you said, oh with a a man aint died three hours. They they died man. He, he, he, he last eight Golden Corral. He had syrup in his system and shit. Man let the family come out and say how he died. Y'all already got his shirt made y'all motherfuckers, it's vs. Y'all ain't no worse than that damn chi when they make a kill out there and don't nobody know they made the kill but the damn vulture.


They come and when, when, when the other anger ika Fox damnit. They know some, they know some dead, they know them or somewhere. Come me about five minutes later come they galloping a lion. Y'all know I ain't lying. Telling you straight facts. Straight facts still ain't bullshitting with y'all day I been gone man. I been been on the road man. I been working man. Getting ready for this season man. This gonna be a big season for us y'all. Yeah what you mean y'all do shit. The people that's watching me Dove gonna show love to you got some merch coming and I got some perks coming.


Not not Peel perks. Yeah, look at you thinking y'all thinking P-R-A-P-P-I mean PRC Nope. PERK perks. Put the s on the end for perks. Got some, got some merchant perks for y'all. Damn. Not the, not the E-R-C-E-R-K but what I'm saying is I'm gonna pick a lucky fan to come out to the game with me. I'm taking a lucky fan with me to the Saints and Cowboys games and I'm taking a lucky fan with me to the Cowboys and Texan game. Yeah, breathe up. I'm not bullshitting. I told y'all hit the light buttons so all you have to do and getting the comment section, me and my team will go through and we'll see who been showing the most love and we'll, we'll we'll do it that way.


We'll we, we, we'll we'll know who watching and who ain't and we're gonna continue throughout the whole football season. No more be on the games y'all get to go with me on. But let me give you details of what's gonna be going on when you, we fly you out to this game. You better come to the game with us. You better kick you with us. You'll be on video like you know you'll be on this show as well. We'll better get whoever your team is, you might be a Cardinal fan or whoever fan you are, you'll better get your perspective on you better tell the people about your experience or hanging with me and my team on The, Bubba Dub Show. Hang on, we're gonna continue it that way. So the playing is every game that I attend I fly a lucky fan out with me and the team and let you enjoy life.


I see. I look in the comments, it tell me that a couple of y'all have never been to a NFL game or in any professional game With that, hopefully you'll be able to, you know your name will, you know your name will be picked hopefully. And we be able to make that dream come true to you. And that's what I'm playing on doing on this show. It's making dreams come true. It's, I'm all about giving back. That's what it's about for me. All about seeing other people smile. Y'all make me smile when y'all tune in each and every day. That's all that matters to me. This show is growing. We is growing for the new subscribers. Thank y'all. Welcome. I am crazy. I'm I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm off. I ain't all the way there and the reason why I know I I know that because I'm, I'm a cowboy fan.


Damn it. I need it. Dammit. I'm delusional. I'm, I ain't gonna fucking lie. Being a cowboy fan has made me delusional but I fucking love it. And to the other Cowboy fan I knew y'all love it too. You got to be a delusional fan man. It's all I'm saying man. Feeling good these days man. Let's go and get to the hell no seven today. He know Hell no. Seven. Somebody hit me up. D would you ever take your girl fishing? Hell no. Take no mother fucking rush. Talk too much. And I ain't really going fishing.


I, I'm, I'm really not really going fishing but I'm going fishing if you get what I'm saying there all day I'm going but I ain't going and you definitely ain't taking on no motherfucking fishing trip. Talk been I'm scared my damn fish and dub don't like to go out fishing. Don't like to don't come home with no fish that got hot. D roll Somebody else hit me up. Whoop do man. You blowing up man. Do you think you would wear a dress? Hell no. I'm wearing no motherfucking, I'm funny. Just the way I'm ain't gotta put no I'm my boy damn nigga. Y'all shit, you tripping man.


They gimme 10, 20 million and then that's you man. I ain't going judge you 'cause I, I ain't got no heaven the hell to put you. You could do what you wanna do for your life. I'm gonna do what I want do for my life. I ain't put that on. I put on a suit though. Damn. Right. Pull on a suit. Shit. Y'all seen me down that street pulling, I had that suit on. I was burning it up like a motherfucker. But I had it on doing what I was supposed to do on that stage. Getting busy, getting busy today. Shit. You watching The, Bubba, Dub, Show baby. You watching Entertainment at its best over him but we do shit.


Shout out to my people that don't wear condom shit. You know a dub love you. Shout out to my people that take Honey Patch. I love you. You taking blue shoes? I love you. You don't see Alice, I love you. I got a new one I'm working on too. Next time I come on this show I'm gonna tell y'all about it. What? I got a, I got a new one. I got a new one. I'm talking about it straight drop. Lemme tell you I got a new, I got a new pill out there that to get your things. I'm, I'm talking it it, it'll get your fingers hard like straight.


It'll take you up to Scott and she gonna love you forever. Ooh she gonna hold you tight. I'm not playing. It's gonna scare you for a minute because you ain't never seen your thing like that before. It's normally a gummy, you know what I'm saying? But not today. Do not today all night and I'm listening to Prince. This is when Doves cry. Come on. Come on man. Y'all better stop playing with me today. Y'all better to stop playing with me today. I'm on the roll. I done told you and I know what y'all think. Come on dude Man. TRASHH day up next TRASHH day yo.


Y'all already know who I'm gonna give it to too. Who? Hurricane Cri TRASHH. Dumpster Juice. Landfill milk. Yo girl King Chris never thought I had to give that to you fam but your ears. Hey baby ain't not no couldn't even perform in your own city. I a damn same. I'd probably be mad too fam. I ain't going even trip. I probably be mad too. Hey baby damn fam you coulda just pulled up.


Yo City loved that shit. Shreveport ain't been that many street. Many people down there in Shreveport since slavery bringing back memories. 50 half everybody down there fam. And you wasn't now. And you talking about he spent over half a million on the police Better than me. I done spent 2 million. You motherfucking look like you wouldn't have got here me 50 better than me Now shaking y'all hands. Y'all don't wash y'all motherfucking hands. You motherfucker be going pee and don't wash your hand.


Think I'm gonna shake your I don't motherfucker shake your hand with gloves. I was 50 but I ain't 50 so I'm gonna shake your hand because that's me. Come on man. You better than this shit. Hey baby. And you can rap. It's stiffness. You couldn't rap but you got the top of my, you in Boosty Mix tape in oh five nigga. Nigga got was oh five. Boosty was full of syrup and old fire. This new Bootsie on Tomb Fish. You know what I'm saying? He two different niggas. Man. Shout out to my nigga Boo. This this boo on to of fish now. See that? What's wrong with some of y'all man? Y'all be wanting T Fish instead of steak.


Y'all battles y'all motherfuckers battles. Hope y'all enjoyed this show today man. Not playing with y'all mother getting to come in right now and drop your team. I told you. Put your teams in the comment. I wanna know who your team is. Me and my team gonna keep record of it and then we're gonna call y'all out each and every Sunday. Thursday nights too. Thursday night on we gonna call. We gonna have fun. We we we family. Y'all get that. We family we gonna, we gonna talk shit on season because I know y'all gonna talk shit to me soon. The Cowboy lu. Y'all can't motherfucking wait. Especially you Saints fans. You serve sipping as Texan fans. Where y'all at?


Where y'all at? Shit, I'm excited though man. Hopefully y'all excited. Like I say to my new subscribers man. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show man you're gonna get this all season. I got some incredible content coming up for y'all to see as well. Don't forget any ideas y'all have or if you wanna come on the show call 8 1 8, I mean text 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51. Text me. I'll bring y'all onto the show. We can, we can debate. We, you know 'cause you know we can do whatever you want to do. If you got a business you wanna shout it out or whatever it is, let me know. Me and my team, we gonna make, we gonna make it happen.


But we make dreams over here. Happen over here on The. Bubba, Dub Show. Yep. That's what we doing. That's what we doing over here. So once again, thank y'all for tuning into The, Bubba, Dub, Show. Matter of fact, the way I'm feeling, y'all might see me tomorrow. Matter of fact, you gonna see me tomorrow? See y'all when I see y'all Psych dub you tripping. I ain't sure hang over yet. I ain't stopping the show. I got something else I wanna talk about today. Doing what you wanna talk about. Nothing. I see y'all later man out The volume.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena. Here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab. Doja Cat, Dua Lippa G St. Halsey Hozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow. Thomas Red Victoria Monet in more buy tickets now with axs.com.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.