
Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day. firing Downfield Stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs. kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday. Only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football For details.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


The Volume. Yeah, it is Monday night. Yeah. Yeah, you can believe your eyes. It's Monday night and I'm like Jack, little lot of y'all didn't think I was gonna go live at night, but I them up. I'm ready. Great football game tonight. Monday night Football tonight Ravens beat the Chargers, which I already knew they were gonna do that anyway. But before I even get into that, before I even get into that talk, y'all know how I like to do it. Over on The, Bubba, Dub Show, go ahead and hit the like button for you boy. I mean you already up waiting anyway. Why you already in hit the like button but you in the chat ringing your mouth.


Hit the like button fam and hit the subscribe button if you ain't already subscribed. Now if you got through, watch the game that I just got through watching then you get seen the Baltimore Ravens just beat the LA charger 30 to 23. But lemme just say this, the way the, the way the Los Angeles Chargers came out, that first drive, they went down that field seven played 90 yards. People like the 70 twos. I was like shit Baltimore might be in trouble tonight. Jim Har playing Big brother John Har they come out on fire and behold they turned right back into who we thought they the Georgia na jerseys.


Na y'all with the, but that's about it. This big boy lead him and Lamar Jackson showed you that once again tonight. 16 for 2272. No interception. Get the frontrunner for mvp. Come on and I can hear y'all now. Come on. Duh. Come on man. You rocking the Raven jersey. I'm rocking every motherfucking jersey I want. I can do what I want now. Get off the gas now once again Baltimore, last week you didn't give a baby the ball so the baby can't grow.


If you ain't feeding the baby, the baby gotta have it. Nutrition baby gotta have protein. You gotta feed Well tonight you fed Henry 24 carry 140 yard. Look at the results as a team. The Baltimore Ravens had 212 rushing yard. You not Finn beat no team. That's, that's rushing over 200 something. Yo. You ain't gonna win. They gonna take a rocket scientist to find out. The more time you give Derrick Henry the ball the better he fucking get. And he was a little motivated tonight come out too anyway. Wait Saco Barkley ball last night so you know Derrick Henry was gonna be ready for this game.


Gimme the motherfucking ball and get outta the way. Oh Greg Roman, the offensive coordinator that used to be with the Ravens, he with the Chargers now. So he know, he think he gonna give his team. You know the intel never don't matter if you know gonna play or not. We still going to execute this shit. Good teams execute. They didn't change the game playing. They adapted sometimes You gotta know. You gotta know how to doubt get like sleeping with a woman man you can't really, she ain't tight. She loose and you ain't putting it down like you normally putting it down.


What you gonna do give up? Hell no. That's when you start using your, she gonna everything. You know you gonna moon, you gonna, you gotta know how to adapt. That's all I'm saying. Learn how to adapt. That's what the Baltimore Raven dig after that first drive after San Diego Charger went down there and marched it down the field, they adapted. We seeing what you trying to play, you trying to run these scenes. We been in this zone defense. We gotta get outta here. We gotta start playing some man. We gotta start throwing some disguises out there 'cause Herbert, you know he like to scramble every now and then out there and we gotta have a spy on you big bro. Say hold on little bro. You not finna come out here and disrespect me like that.


I know you at home. I get it. I know you been running from them scandals up there in Michigan. You running back down here to the NFL getting away but you ain't gonna get away right here. This a man's game and the March Jackson and the Baltimore Raven show tonight. I know some of y'all in the coming now man. Justin Herbert ain't got no receiver. Tom Brady didn't have none either of them 15, 16 years he was up there beside Randy Mo. He didn't y'all y'all can't name nail one them damn receiver. Only person y'all knew was Gronk and that damn killer on Aaron Hernandez made him resting shit all dub this coat. Man that nigga would kill innocent people shooting teammates in the eye going back to goddamn to the dorm sleeping good nigga you done shot 70 people Florida.


I blame new y'all did it every now and then were going out here smoking PCP rocks shooting people in their eyes and shit and going down on Saturday catching touchdown. Y'all didn't say a mothering thing. All these and satellites we got in the world mean to tell me y'all don't know who committing these murder. Stop it. Do you stop it. I know a good team when I see one Baltimore Ravens is a good team. It's all about Kendall Mark get it done in January.


Damn that's when we want Can you, can you get it done then? I know what your black ass can do during the record season. Boy you're Superman boy You're amp. I love it. But be the people raving fans. I'm just a fan of the mark. I'm just a fan of the jersey. I'm just being 100 They ain. Wanna know can you get the job during in January when it's cold? I feel like you can do it this year 'cause you got Derrick Henry give him the ball. You ain't got to do it all this year Lamar. And I'm pretty sure you know that you ain't got to do it all character team like you used to. You ain't gotta do all that. You got a motherfucking monster back there that's ready.


I ain't nothing but a big buck and he's full of backs strap. That's Derrick Henry. A big buck full of backs Strapp, he from the country. You know anything about dur dur then you know that back Strapp the best. That's what I hit them with. That backs strap me. Come here. I hit them with the backs. Strap me. Y'all know nothing about that. You country boy know all about. Y'all know I dunno about it. Baltimore move eight and four, the LA Charger moved to seven and four. They still in it. What I mean you know I I get it. They ain't got no receivers but Dobbs got hurt for Dobbins got hurt for the charges.


He was out. But I can no longer continue to make excuses when y'all keep saying quarterback don't have no receiver when Tom Brady took nothing to make something out of it like he made will welcome nobody know who we we was but you do now Daniel Amla. Y'all didn't know nobody no damn Daniel Amad. But you do now Dion branch you didn't know nothing about no D What you do now quarterback and make anybody look good. That's all I'm saying. We gotta stop with the mothering excuses when we gonna stop making excuse. Same thing lead me to my next point Drake suing Kendrick y Y'all motherfucker heard me right Light-skinned Drake ain't Drake ain't letting that shit go.


You know a man heard when he sue his own company that he a part of UMG Universal Music Group so him for inflating Kendrick Lamar numbers, they not like us pretty boy. Drake say six guy is what they call him. He say when fans was typing in certified lover boy they not, they not like us was popping up. That ain't supposed to be that mean it's a glitch. Drake's saying Kenrick Lamar wasn't doing them kind of numbers. They been falsified. We have been fooled, we have been bamboozled. Now let's say Drake win this lawsuit.


I'm gonna tell you who this remind me of Kendrick Lamar. Y'all gonna lu this right here. Kendrick Lamar is Ryan Garcia. Damn think about it. Drake is Devon ha can't believe he lost he was on PD They ain inflating the number. This what Rap don't come to nothing. Rapper suing one another saying man you ain't really doing them nothing. All I got to say about this is Drake. You saying they inflated the numbers for Kendrick? Did they inflate it for you? That's all I'm saying. You gotta be careful when you this's some light skinned shit right here.


Must I say this is some light-skinned shit and Drake waited. He ain't shoot him yet. Basically threatening he ain't, he waited, he calculated too until Kendrick dropped an album to come out with this kind of news right here. Man he trying to hurt Kendrick numbers. I'm telling you man this a tactic. I know bullshit. When I see one think about it, why come out now man go drop the album. Everybody talking about it now you wanna come out and try to put a stain on what this man doing all boy it's some light skinned shit Drake. Bam you lost. Just get back in the studio and get back to singing. That's what we want hear. We wanna see your yellow banana face as singing all that rapping.


I'm hardcore. No you're not. Boy you a twinie. You not like that. Like keep me say you not like us and I like Drake. Drake wanting the ghost to me whether he write his own music or not. Drake wanting to ghost change the culture of the generation right now. Drake is him. Look I'm not gonna let y'all didn't ing nothing Kendrick Lamar done done. I can't let you do it that any bigger cut is driving. Motherfucker can rap and he one of the greats. Why can't both of 'em be great that why can't Kendrick be great? Why can't Drake be great? How about that? Can we all just get along?


I look see Drake and Kendrick on a song and a whole album. Come on dude. Comedians Doby movie Eddie Murphy, Harlem Nights. Him and Richard Pry wasn't really getting along. He had Robin Harris in the movie Red Fox in the movie D Reese in the movie. Come on man. Did Eddie Murphy had everybody on now y'all forgot we all can come together but they love it when we divide it. They love it when we are apart. They love it when we hating one another. Nah we gotta, we gotta be together sometimes loving one another. Cheering on my brother, cheering on my sister.


How y'all feel about it though? Me personally. You though They two rappers. Both of 'em Rich, both of 'em set their families up from generation to generation. I don't understand the pride but you know what it is, it is pride and ego. It's the internet. People get get on the internet and it's illusion. Man ain't a negative illusion. You see a fine chick going ig. Oh man she bad. You might go in meet her cat funky big fine cat, big fine funky cat mother you could get smelled and you, you understand what I'm talking about. Motherfucker dead gorgeous. Can't smell like straight sound shit no good Mexican.


Ain't no furniture in them Partments those big nine come they end up. Man that shit ain't no furniture in that motherfucker. Oh she let me hit you. Damn right because she wants some furniture. Bitch ain't even got a toaster in her house but she bad though. You bad fucking up. That's what she don bad. I better open your eyes out here and see what's really going on. These hos don't really fight you like that Fans they want what you got and when they get what you want, what they what you got. They go on to the next one now you mad. You in love now you want to do something to the next man now deal with it.


Your mama deal with it when your daddy left her you deal with it too. Know if y'all even watched that Eagles game last night. I was talking my earlier way. Say way Derrick Henry came out here and and performed because of what Saco Barkley did last night. Just them Ram 255 yards rush. He made that damn sta rocky statue fall down. I'm not bullshitting you New York Giants didn't want it. You can go. We got damn your bones where they get you with no quarterback, with no motherfucking quarterback. The damn rats don't even go to the games no more. That's where they go and eat every game the rash of go as a family and eat.


They don't even go eat no more. Rats don't even go to church no more in New York. That's how bad it is in New York right now. Y'all do you understand that's how bad it is in New York right now when the rats don't want to eat. Puffy didn't even come to the chow hall today. Puffy didn't even go a child hall today. That's how disappointed is in the city of New York. They just trash giant trash Yankees lost the damn World Series New York. What's going on up there y'all New York do do dub need to come up there and do a comedy show but you know come I be Up to real damn soon.


How y'all feeling tonight man? I'm feeling good man. I'm smoke me two or three. I'm in the zone right now. I'm feeling good. Or Thanksgiving around the, around the corner. Shit I'm ready to eat. I'm not bullshitting. I'm calling everybody lying. Oh I love you ain't I know I ain't talked to you in a long long. I got a little something for you when I pull up them niggas think doa bring them some devil. I'm bringing love boy I thought you bringing me some change. I'm bringing love. Don't you say you love. I do. Well you to me too. Treat thy neighbor as y'all treat thyself. You treat yourself real damn good then treat me good. See some of y'all got the game messed up. Some of y'all be eating.


Yeah Wagyu steaks in the kitchen. You and your family. I come to your door and knock until you I'm hungry. You gonna give me wagyu steak. You going to give me Roman noodles? Never good looking at you. Good Lord. Looking at you. You you eat steak man. I know it tastes like butter. You won't get noodles beef bitch I eat, I eat, I eat. Shrimp kind of noodle. I don eat beef. Just the disrespect for me. It's the fact that some of you people think y'all can lie to God. You ought be the same to yourself. Ain't no different to me when a female say Bud send me a picture. What you got down low?


She send me some of her I send her or somebody here. She don't know it. I don't keep it 100. Them pictures in video. Y'all all think that's me naked shit yet. That's some black nigga is Nigeria. See that ain't me. I ain't got no package. Mm ain't got no package packaging. Me don't even sound go together at all. I'm more like a little gift. I'm more like a little gift. You know what I'm saying? I ain't got that package type shit. Nah, that's for somebody else that I can't stand. You know what I'm saying? I'm just saying man Thanksgiving coming up man. Hey a lot of you people that's in the kitchen right now knowing some of you knowing you can't motherfucking cook but you want try a new dish.


You can't even make the dish that you can cook pretty damn good itself. How you gonna make something else good? That's what I don wanna understand. I called my aunt, I said baby what doing baby? I got some ribs in the oven. I don know who gonna eat you? Me I don. Who ribs You wasting money baby. You already holler. You on a fixed income. You, you wasting money. I advise you could stick to the goddamn waterfalls that you been to. Don't you get in there, put no damn ribs in no oven but want that shit. Matter of fact, you ain't, you ain't seasoning the rib. You ain't letting sack out in marinate, none of that shit. No, I don't want that shit.


Thanksgiving. I want the best food available Thanksgiving. Some of you niggas ain't washing your hand y'all. Y'all ain't praying over the food. You know what I'm saying? The house smell like weed, alcohol and puss stop the house gonna smell like cat. Least let the kids come in, eat fur and let them go outside and play. Then the highest can smell like you post like you want to smell. But the how can you smell a light hot cat? Before we say Grace, that's all I'm saying.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time entered Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary W Group Void. Were prohibited by law 18 plus terms.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data. Visit joint signals.com today.


This is Ray Slater from the Soar Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence. Toyota's been building for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of efficiency and safety. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The wait is over. The Knicks Black Friday sale is on now@knix.com. Shop early and save Up to 60% off. sitewide Plus all kinds of limited time daily deals from the number one leakproof brand in North America. Don't miss your chance to save big on innovative intimates like Leakproof underwear, wireless bras, shapewear, and more. Everything is on sale. Millions have made the switch to N's revolutionary period underwear and there's never been a better time for you to try them too. During the Black Friday sale, save Up to 60% on super comfy machine Washable and stylish leak-Proof fundies. Plus, shop the best deals of the year on N's bestselling assortment of wireless bras, including the wing woman and revolution bra. Don't miss this chance to stock up on your Knicks favorites. Or try something new during the Knicks Black Friday event. That's KI x.com. Hurry the sale ends soon and sizes will sell out. Go to nicks.com. That's KNI x.com.


Damn rats don't even want them damn to go place. I ain't bullshitting y'all man. Make sure y'all hit that like, like button. Hit that subscribe button man. How y'all feeling tonight though? Somebody say do that's with them buns. Never. I want no bunny. Only no bunny. I want y'all a Taylor Swift. That's it. That's the only only white woman I want. Taylor Swift. You gimme me. Taylor Swift. I saw y'all a new man. Yes sir. No sir. No ma'am. Over that real talking real proper open up cord. Everything here for shit. Y'all change y'all life for Taylor Swift. Y'all sit here and talk all that shit. Y'all want to but Taylor Swiffer change your lives man.


I'm just keeping nigga book.


Yeah man. Gotta do right sometime man. Yeah, if you getting out watching this show then you know your show being presented by prize Pick scan that bar code right there man. Use my promo code trash man with the two Hs. Man. You y'all, y'all y'all. Y'all playing. Y'all playing. You talking about you need some money. Yeah, it's right there. Yeah. Put five hours in. You gonna get 50. You betting on your, I mean you betting on your favorite player more or less. That's it. Simple as that.


Can't watch this show then. Listen to it. Apple Podcast and Spotify Go download it right now. I don't even know what y'all waiting on man. I don't even know what y'all waiting on. Should bet done download it. This man, we we, we jumping over him like a crack spot on the first boy. I remember about the first used to hear boy. I used to have them. I used to have them Bang boy Dub used to, probably used to have it going on. I Frank Lucas didn't have shit on me. Well you know he could not talk to me but you know he had a little bit more work to me. But shit, me and Frank look shit in my mind. Shit. Frank couldn't touch me y'all. I him, I was hustling for a whole year nigga. I had I I ain't for a whole year Trash couldn't tell me nothing though.


Why was I thought I was him. I had all that money the whole time. It was the plug money. I'll be right there with them. Ho ies. I got 15 bands. Shit I was so done. I turned into 15 band. Only thing I had was $75. Damn. I'm out there hustling for to look good like a dummy. I was the dumbest drug dealer ever. I say no drugs. Nah, there no damn drugs. I'm selling jokes. The only thing that would work for me for jokes, I ain't lying fresh.


The 15th boy, I'm, I'm on the block. Same clothes, same shirt, shit. I'm getting somebody else some money. I wasn't getting my own self. Nothing. Boy I don. I was lost. But now I'm fine y'all. So I my favorite saying, I always say no matter where you start, it's all about where you in. If I got any of my people that's in this show right now watching, that's gonna be in Buffalo this Sunday night for the 40 Knockers game. I'm gonna be there. Pull up on your boy. Anybody that's gonna be in Buffalo this Sunday night, dub going to be there. Meet me there man. Real talk. I might have something for you that's, hey my people, I'm just saying I'm gonna be in Buffalo this Sunday night.


And, if you happen to be at that game and bump into me, I might have something for you. That's all I'm saying. Real talk. Now he's getting down to the nitty gritty. Like I always say Ravens Aiden Foho, it's 12 weeks them past your four football season right now. You can already, excuse me, you can already kind of see the the playoffs shaping out. Shaping out and your Super Bowl pics. And I told y'all the other day, Ravens Bills Chiefs, that's the A-F-C-N-F-C Lion Eagles.


That's really about it. I don't really see nobody else sneaking in and beating them two teams. Right. I I don't see it. I don't think the Falcons can beat the Lion or the Eagles. I don't think the Buccaneer 49 Rams. See how you see my point Eagles Lion Chiefs Ravens Beatles. Hopefully Pittsburgh is sneaking. I don't know. We'll see how Russell Williams cont Russell Wilson continue to play but them are my Super Bowl picks right now. Detroit Lines, they looking like him and I can't be a a a Hager and and and say that they ain't looking like one of the best teams in the league right now.


Hell they probably playing the best ball in the league to right now. It's the Detroit Lines Rams. I mean the Eagles don't want what, six six in a row now. Jaylen hers done find his groove. Quan doing his thing. Devonte Smith is hurt. They ain't even got they second best receiver yet. Old back with AJ Brown with the Eagles. So let's just see how this playing out. See how this go. But them are the best teams in the league right now. MVPI gotta go with Lamar Jackson right now it's Lamar Jackson. It's Quan Barkley. Yeah but Lamar definitely illegal in the MVP right now for me.


Then it's Quan then you can go Henry. But who y'all got right now for Forest? MVP. I think Lamar finna win it back to back. It'd be great if he won it back to back. It'd be great if Lamar Jackson won a Super Bowl. It would be great if he won a Super Bowl. But I'm gonna say this, if Patrick mc Holmes win this Super Bowl right here, it'd be three in a row. He could go. I don't give a damn that. Put him in four rings. I know Brady got Selma is damn impressive. What Brady done? He a goat right now. I don't never wanna take nothing from Thomas Brady but if Patrick Holmes go down there this year and win that's three in motherfucking row.


That's MJ type shit. That's Kobe type shit. Yeah, yeah Future voice type shit. He have four rings. I would have to say he was the greatest quarterback ever. I'm sorry y'all I got, I been, we've been there seeing enough and that man on time what he's able to do. What y'all think I know y'all gonna get in and say Brady I ain't arguing with you on that. I'm just saying if the man won three in a row I will put him in that. Y'all talk to me, let me know what y'all give you say Saco, I can't argue with you. If you say Saco MVP let's say Saco Barkley fingers over 2000 Russian yards this year. That very well could be the N-F-L-M-V-P or they might give him, he was hurt last year too wasn't he?


So he could get NFL what comeback player of the year. If not who y'all think gonna be the NFL comeback player of the year is? Can't think of nobody that was hurting that's came back and get strictly just bawling right now. I can't anybody know who was hurt last year? That's bawling right now. That could get NFL comeback player of the year. I can't really think of nobody right now. Over 2000 if he get it. Josh Allen? Yeah, Josh Allen in there too for sure. I don't know. I know what y'all saying Brady still to go. Yeah he go right now but winning three in a row has never been done.


Winning three in a row has never been done greatest. Tom bragging them Patriots being they ain't never win no three in a row. So it's something to think about like, like y'all always say hey ca he ain't got that many rings. Well Bill Russell got Le rings and we still say Michael Jordan the goat. So it's something to think about. Michael Jordan got six rings. Bill Russell got left. Now if we gonna go buy rings then Bill Russell the goat. But we know Bill Russell not the goat. May him rest in peace. Everybody say mj. So I'm saying LeBron, you know what I'm saying? Whoever which one you wanna go with. I'm not arguing with you on neither one.


Some say Kobe should be in the debate. That's what I'm hearing now people, we all got our opinions man. We all got our opinions but I think majority of the people would say MJ the goat, that's the only poll I ever see if they got him as to goat, I got LeBron to goat. I'm not arguing when people say Jordan goat not arguing on that. I'm just telling you from my point of view. If Patrick Hall went three in a row, he could go for me. That don't make him the goat but for me he could go. Somebody say Bill was a tall well he was well Will Chamberlain. Will Chamberlain was taller than Bill Russell but Bill Russell always built beat Will Will didn't have one ring had a million holes but he had one ring.


That's all I'm saying. Bubba Dubs live on the show. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you hell Watching this show now you know we doing part the show what we call it the hell no segment. If you knew if you Thanksgiving and you know good and damn well nobody ate your mac and cheese last year, what the hell you cooking it for? So question is do you want me make my Mac and hell no wasting cheese and you wasting time. You could be reading a book ain. You know what I'm saying? You can be reading other ingredients instead of mac and cheese. Oh dry as mac and cheese. Y'all gonna fry out this little dish where you put egg in your mac and cheese and put cheese on the top.


You gonna pull it in the oven and all that N bro. Sugar on the towel drainage. You gonna put veil beagle in there. We ain't doing nigga old shred of cheese shit. Well I want veil beagle in my macaroni and cheese. Everybody can't cook. I can't cook. That's why I'm not in the mother fucking kitchen. Some of y'all be a little too quick. Let me go ahead and whip something up right quick and be fucking ego fucking up the ion. Fucked up the Turkey, fucked up the potato salad. Then yas the cakes burn fucked everything.


Up to get mad when nobody don't want to eat it. Talking about what's the problem Mule you motherfucking problem every year you cook bullshit and you make your side and kids eat this shit. They gonna want eat it. They looking to me tears come down their aisle. I can't save them. I ain't your daddy. You know what I'm saying Momma you got but I be really wanting to go in there and flip that damn whole table off. What do I really wanna do? I don't wanna start no shit. I can't fight. I ain't got time. You know what I'm saying? But I be really want whole damn table. I really wanna do that shit.


I been working out at Plenty Fitness now. Damn. I'm about to build up some enough nuts and courage to just start flipping the tables over when people who can't cook and I go get that high, I just flip the whole damn table over nasty. The cooking ass motherfucker. You o Jack learning gums, having mother Bullshit going on. Whole lot of bullshit going on man. Overall though. How y'all feeling though? Talk to me. Tell me you need to go to the doctor, get checked out. You goddamn elbow been hurting three months and you still ain't went and got it checked out.


Now your arm now you can't move that motherfucker Muske. Bitch you my ass. Ain't no damn Muske bite nigga. That's a spike bite. Muske can't damn Muske ain't biting you when your damn arm can't move no more. Boy. Boy you sick black people go and get yourself checked out please Can't even move your motherfucker arm. What's wrong with your arm Larry? Ah mosquito beat me Mosquito in your arm. Okay man. Nigga stop it better go get yourself checked out Better go get your motherfucking self checked out before he check you out telling you some real shit.


Gotta start taking better care our ourself. Man we going. I'm one of 'em too. I gotta go to the doctor my damn so but start taking care of yourself man. Look on any could be anything. You know some shit ain't no go get it checked out fam Fluid on your knee. Go and get that shit checked out man. Fluid on your face. Go and get the shit checked out man. Stop worrying about how much that shit cost. You ain't gonna pay it no motherfucking way. You niggas ain't paying them doctor bills. No, you know You know I ain't telling you truth man. Like you gonna pay out pocket stop.


You know I'm telling y'all the truth man. Thank y'all for watching this show man. Yeah, make sure you hit that like button. Make sure you hit that subscribe button man. Make sure y'all sharing this shit everywhere. Y'all can share it man. To my new people that's tuning in. Thank y'all. I'm doing something for Christmas. I'm doing 12 days of Christmas giveaways, hats, jerseys. Make sure you get in the coming session. Lemme know your Jersey sizes, your hat sizes, man. 12 days of Christmas I'm showing love and I'm giving back, man. That's what it's about, man. It's tough times for tough people. God can put me in PO in position to donate the rice and that's what I'm tend to do. God bless. I love y'all.


Peace amount The Volume


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you. Time entered Chump of Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus. Bonus sponsored by Cheba Casino. No purchase necessary VTW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@jointsignals.com.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today@greenlight.com slash Iheart.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. Turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Looking for a career that challenges you in all the right ways. At CGI, we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business. Here. You won't just solve problems. You'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life. Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI is where you can have it all ready to level up your career. Visit cgi.com/women to start building the future. You've always imagined.