
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Holiday magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco, tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking the tackle touchdown tonight. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears tonight only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details


The Volume. Good morning. Good morning. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show ladies and ji, it's a day after Christmas. You ought to be excited. You ought to be already on your feet right now. Some of your tired, some of you ain't. Some of you party all motherfucking night as you should. If you were good, Sandra came to see you. If you wasn't and Sandra didn't come see you. But welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Go and hit the like button right quick. Go and hit the subscribe button right quick and hopefully if you already been subscribed to me then you already got your notifications on and you already know when we going drop over here on the bubble.


So today we gonna go and start the show off with what the motherfucking you did last night. Once again Anthony Davis hurt somebody. Go and wake Dr. CB up because he own that motherfucker that can heal right now. How in the hell you get hurt on on Christmas fam? These the days when miracles happened and you fucking hurt again. Soon as you went down and cut the TV off, I knew the nigga wasn't gonna come back. Where? I'm trying to give you a bigger figure of a doubt man. A been balling ay big in every game and here you go with this shit again.


Well I got something for you. Ay, I'm putting your as right back in him trash. LeBron James 49 years old got to carry his damn team the way he doing it. We got some help yesterday. Ar came through Clutch. No bro you get out the motherfucking way. I'm gonna win this game. Shot and did. Took it to the hole and laid. Look that's what you supposed to do. Ain't no motherfucker sent the lake of 17 and 13 out 30 games. We gonna win 17, we gonna lost 13. I don't like it. Keep talking my y'all gonna make a some adjustments.


What goddamn adjustments y'all gonna make because some of the people that's on the Lakers need to be in the damn damn stands with me. Curry went out, we had the game one, we were put know we were run it through them. All of a sudden they let Curry ass get hot and we already know when the chef get hot he get to cook it. Thank God Draymond Green terrible or we were loss Draymond. Draymond Green Miss seven open threes in the corner. He ain't gonna make that hole. Let Rudy Goldberg come out there homie. He ain't gonna miss shit.


Telling you the truth for day Man. Do I feel like my Lakers don't go in the playoffs and do something. I don't. And I love my Lakers but I don't feel that way because this same team to be Golden State alive to go out and lose the next five damn games. They gonna roll y bringing in JJ R Young head coach know the game on podcast with bru. God they eating h d'oeuvres and shit thinking they were gonna help and it didn't help. And I won't apologize to Bumpy. You wasn't problem Bru shouldn't have to do that at that age.


He shouldn't have to do it. But he was feeling it yesterday on Christmas though. Fade away shot lay off. Don't God damnit bald then but Bru got everything in the world except for here on top of his goddamn head. There's something he can't buy. You can go to Turkey, you can go to Germany, you can go anywhere, all with Goddamn world. But you can't buy no goddamn hell to grow in your head. Think about it bro. I got all the money in the world, he got all the endorsement, he got all the resources in the world. But that one resource he can't give is fucking hell.


Fucking hell. Think about it. The people that some of the greatest players in the world, baldhead, mj, LeBron Primetime was Coach Prime What? Take party Tiger. Tiger ain't got no motherfucker up under their hat and here he's a hugging his ex again. Never. Niggas gotta quit. Ain't no damn well I'm hugging my baby mama. She done took a hundred, 200 men from Street. See you at the Crossroads. You going be long legacy you at the crossroads. You going be Long Street making up Aunt Man ran through, ran through the mouse yesterday.


Luca heard again Luca you need to fix your damn operator because you're smoking. Kyrie had 39. He did what he supposed to do. Aunt Man had twin six. Old as Mike Conley had 10, Rudy Goldberg had 1410 and Minnesota. They ain't they they they record ain't reflecting on how good they are right now. They just barely getting by. But we know come play all time it man my twin gonna be ready to ball NBA in good hands if you ask me. They say the ship is down. I understand it's down all the three point shy. Ain't nobody playing defense. They bullshit. They showing on ES esp n Tre bring me over there.


I I get the goddamn up over there because I'm not gonna call the game the way they call the game. I'm gonna call the game the way it need to be caught This team two for 30 for shooting three. Stop shooting them. Stop shooting them. You see what Maxie and them did yesterday took a s come here. I told Maxie to his face. Tell Joel mb y'all ain't gonna win if he keep playing in them. Goddamn bowling ball shoes, sketches are balling. Bowling ball shoes. Why he keep slipping and hurting and shit nigga get you some real shoes, get you some Nikes some me but them damn ain't gonna get it.


It them damn culinary shoes and y'all know it. And I love Joel MB to death the big best big man in the league. I pulled him over Yoic and y'all already know how I look at Yoki. I'm already a hall of Fame. I love Yoic he's him but when MB won a bigger a best player in the game, can't nobody stop that big Nigerian mother. Nobody can stop him but them damn sketches. Powell Joy pitched in 12 yesterday. Play LP giving you 200 something motherfucking million dollar you gonna give me 12 points never nigga I want 23 points a better each and every night. See it's all about the expectation.


Same way when I take their hundred pack, that motherfucker supposed to Kiki and me like them Sprite for Matt Donus do I? That's what they to and I ain't playing Eagle. I'm coming through at tonight bitch I'm sandal let me lay my slay down on your chimney. That's the only time the women get freaky Christmas and birthday. Other than that they don't really be doing that much for us. They be giving us the same salty coochie for years.


Christmas come around all of a sudden it smell a little different now it tastes a little different now because you want them kids to get the get they gifts, they gonna get them. But what about me? I'm out here fighting, fighting ths family members crack ass each and every day. But when I come home you got a attitude. I don't want no motherfucking attitude. When I come home to the house I want you on. I don't want you to have, I want you to be naked. I wanna see raise the bump cat. That's what I wanna see. Raise the bump cat. I wanna see the ies, I wanna see the yams.


Even if you ain't got no yam, even if your girl ain't got no ass, you supposed to make her feel like she got the biggest ass in the world. It's the confidence for me. You gotta start giving your girl confidence fella. You making them feel bad. Some of 'em overweight and they ears and they get a little beside they self sometimes. But God damnit, you still gotta make that big woman feel good. You knew she was, you knew she had capabilities of gaining weight. All you gotta do is look at your girl mama, her dad inside of the family and the grandma. If some of them hoe got bacon fat right here, nine times outta 10, your girl gonna have that bacon ba a bacon fat too through the years. So stop getting mad when your girl gained a little weight.


Man, I don't want her no more man. She man, she can get gained all that weight nigga. You love her. You sit up there and watch that girl eat rot, tail dip cr cr crab legs after crab leg and godda it. You didn't say nothing Now all of a sudden you gonna move now no nickel. You made the bed, you lay in, you lay in it. We ain't going for that no more. We ain't gonna be able to go for it. No Damn no. Y'all gonna start respecting these women around here and we ain't gonna wait till 2025 and do it. We going do it right here today. We gonna do it right here today. Now if your girl or whoever you with went in there and cooked Christmas for you, you ought to be kissing on her damn neck right now.


Do these women get on our nerves? You damn right. Do I want a Draymond, some of these, these hoes sometimes right. I wanna, but I don't because I don't wanna go to jail. All I take is woman. Woman say one thing. Say you touched her, you going to jail even though you ain't touched her, they'll sitting your ass right down to jail. But what us is different, you call the cops on the female. Oh you wrong man there's a warrant. Stop it. Stop it. New York knick one yesterday too. Damn right. When me on 42 we off. I told y'all that that motherfucker got some, they can put him down there with CP three, CP three feeding CP three don't never give a damn about scoring points.


He just want to assist. And I'm telling you right now, win beyond gonna be the first NBA player with a $500 million contract when he come up watch they can go go gadget inspector arm. Motherfucker just keep going up, up, up and up. Doning on everybody shooting threes from everybody. You can't block his shot. I'm starting to think beyond but not real. I think Elon Musk made that nigga one of them Tesla plans. I swear to God I don't think went beyond a real human being. I think he a Tesla robot nigga too gifted.


Oh he too gifted. Real talk y. Better stop bullshitting now let's go to the NFL Goddamn Kansas City ref Chiefs play against the Pittsburgh Steels. I thought Pat my home ankle hurt. I can't tell. I told y'all allegedly that nigga onco nigga had a walking boo on couldn't even walk out the front door. Soon as he get to the game he ain't limp no damn mo. I want some of that. I dunno what pat my on y'all, but I want some of it. That nigga was Superman yesterday. 29 for 38. 302 yard two to down no interception.


Do you I me God damn. Travis Kelsey came back alive again. He been raised, he been raised from the dead again. And let me know right now he back texting them sisters. Hey Swift don't know it. God, them Travis back tested them sisters. You know them white girls. You only white girls are appetizer. You want the full meal deal, you better go get your sister. No disrespect to my white women. I love you. Karens Sarahs Heathers. I love all y'all 'cause y'all gonna get every drop. God damnit some them black women ain I'm gonna do it but most of 'em ain't. Mm you could do it anywhere except put it on my stomach. Mm. I'm putting nigga I'm putting real talk.


Russell Wilson 23 for 37, 205 yards of inception. Now let me be real on this show right here today. If I'm a Pittsburgh Steeler fan, the last three games you done lost, you lost to the Eagles, Ravens and the and the Chiefs two elite teams that we consider in the NFL that could win the NFL Super Bowl. You ain't got it. And I love Mike Tellman and I love Steeler. But from what I'm seeing right now, y'all not gonna beat nobody in no motherfuck playoffs. Oh we beat the Ravens though. Y'all not gonna beat. I'm gonna talk about them minute. But y'all not gonna beat them in the playoffs though. Russell can't get the job done sitting in the pocket fucking second. Then we gonna turn and spin then F shit. I'm Mike tumbling. I I'm pointing right at Justin Field.


Hey boy you started this, you off the bench. I seen your ass right back over there. I'm not here for the foolishness Russell. I go give a damn how many gold chain. How many healthy food programs you can get the offensive line. I don't give a damn net. We here to win games. We done lost three in a row. Your job is on the line. Your job on the line fam. We done lost three in a row. It ain't looking too good in Pittsburgh right now. Oh then Swan rolling over in this damn crazy right now. It ain't looking good. Now tell me I'm lying. Y'all tell me I'm lying. What did y'all see yesterday? Naja Harris ran the ball.


Good. Warren ran the ball. Good. Yeah you can run the ball good but God damnit, can you make this third and five pass? Hell no you can't. But I got a trick for Russell Wills. I'm the pitch Bird Steeler fan. No play on that team. I'm telling him I just heard a new song by future and he talking about you again. Watch this nigga Bow, you watch Dangerous Rush. Go out there and bow and see how we gonna be pregnant again. Watch. See you gotta say some motivating shit to your quarterback. Hey dog. Last three games you ain't You been dog Shit. I still believe in your elder boys looking ass.


I'm gonna need you to come on with. I'm gonna need you to play better than what you playing. Some of y'all watching this show. Come on. Duh. Russell Wilson. Oh now nigga Tom Brady was 74. Still winning. So don't gimme that age shit. You gimme that shit. You gimme. I'm gonna make my team better. I'm gonna wheel my team to a victory. That's what you gotta do. You got the motherfucking run game. They can't stop. It came out 13. Oh y'all went down there. Score this 13 seven. That mean defense. Get a goddamn stop. TJ watch JJ watch. I did a Michael five watch. I don't give a damn. Gimme a stop.


Born in the game. You gotta get some stops. It's a offense. You gotta come together. Offensive line. Gotta be seen with Russ. Russ we gonna give you four, four seconds in the pocket to throw the ball after that Four seconds. God damnit. They they, they, they gonna be there. But you got four seconds. Look, I can give you four seconds. Thank you for the Christmas gear. I can give you four seconds. Stay run game. Now that mean offensive coordinator Mike Tomlin. Y'all supposed to be joined at the hip. Y'all gotta have some motherfucking plays calling. Y'all gotta have some plays. Calling the Goding Floyd, the Kansas City Defense. And we know Kansas City right now got defense. They ain't really been giving up that many points but they can't stop the run. That mean if you can't stop the run, God damnit, you ain't gonna be able to play.


Stop the play. Action. 29 to 10 you got beat. Now we gonna move on to the other game after Bmore Rave. Shout out to Lamar Jackson. Ball out once again Lamar Jackson. 10 for 1,568 yards, two touchdowns or four carriers 87 yards with a touchdown.


As We gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


It's Ray from the Bobby Bone Show here to tell you that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 Yeah available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander seating up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more of this national sales event. The deals are there when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. That's buy@toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Juba Looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Btw prove no purchase necessary. Board web prohibited by loss. See terms and conditions.


Congratulations Lamar Jackson wrote Michael Big all time leading Russian yards over 6,000 yards now for for Lamar Jackson. Congratulations. And I know I said last week, I don't think the Baltimore Ravens going to be able to do nothing in the playoffs 'cause they had lost to the Steelers is when I said that. But let me say something right now, if they gonna continue to give a motherfucking ball in that big back workhorse Derrick Henry, they gonna be tough to beat them boys had over 250 yard motherfucking Russian. You ain't gonna be able to beat them boy when it's cold like in Baltimore. Hey yo. Hey yo. You ain't gonna be able to beat them in the Houston Texans.


These niggas had they slabs out yesterday morning. It were raining a little bit but then this guy make with sun come out. Them niggas had they slabs out, they were ready to pull them slabs out. Man them motherfuckers stole two goddamn points. Them God slabs didn't come out yesterday. Them nigga jumped back in them Ville trucks couldn't tell y'all shit early in the year. We the we the team to beat them Texans over everything. God damnit talk now. I called him yesterday, he ain't wanna talk. I called little Kiki, he didn't wanna talk.


He wanna talk about my god damn my my my veneers. We ain't talking about veneers Kiki nigga. We talking about the Texans. That's what we talking about. The motherfucking RAs Texans. Oh we hurt. So is other NFL teams hurt too. We gonna keep playing that game about who hurting this and that. Everybody hurting banged up right now. What they got to do with anything. You got CJ style. You told me you had the best goddamn quarterback in y'all division. God damnit I'm not seeing him right now. He can't see the field. He can't see the field. He need laser eye surgery too like that nigga there are two motherfuck points on Christmas.


Are you kidding me? You stole mother getting points on Christmas. Y'all Joe Mixon had nine carries 26 yards. Nick Collins had three catching 59 yards. CJ strap 17 for 31 185 passing yard. One interception. That's not going to help. Baltimore Ravens had the ball 35 minutes in 21 seconds. That mean you getting dominated. It mean they controlling the line of scrimmage. They mean your defense on the field more than it's supposed to be. And we already know when the defense on the field more than it's supposed to be, they mean they die. They mean they can't stop. That's why the God score 31 to two.


So like I said, y'all gonna make the play out but after that first game, you right with us Cowboy saying on the God couch that's where you at own the couch with us. We watch the play all games together. You like snicker dig Cookies, cookies or you like sugar cookies because God damnit which one you want man, that's what you gonna be eating over here with me now tell me I'm lying. Never seen no shit like this and my mother freaking live T score two points on Christmas on Netflix.


Debut on Netflix. First time having two games over there now double hell and y'all gonna come out and score two motherfucking points. I'm so happy that Netflix wasn't buffering like they did on that Tyson fight. So I could see some more NFL games on Netflix. Maybe NBA games over there. Matter of fact let's put a goddamn show over there on Netflix y lemme host it. Lemme say what I want say on this show. I bet the motherfucking ratings be up. I bet you that we all know white people happy When them ratings up them goddamn white people are cut a check. I call a game where need to be called. I ain't biased. I call anybody out.


I don't give a damn you like you or not. I got a job to do. I'm gonna be real. I'm a realist. I'm gonna be foul. And what I say I ain't gonna hold nothing back. They be worried about oh man I ain't gonna say that. No they ain't gonna rock with me no more. No I don't give a damn thing. Rock with me. Do nothing. I'm gonna tell the truth you wouldn't motherfucker down down tonight fam. But it's all about how you gonna come back the next game though. That's what it for me because I don't personally think no NFL no NBA player or nobody in professional sports are really trash. No but do they have trash games? Yes but if they trash as an individual no but they do have trash game. They'll tell you they have trash game. Hell I have trash moments all the time. They got more trash. Hell no.


Unless I ain't got no honey pack then I'm definitely trash bills or nothing. Lemme break it down to feel how I'm feeling right now. Pi Pittsburgh is not not gonna win Super Bowl. I don't give damn to y'all liking or not. I'm being real. I done told you who got a chance to win the Chiefs Ravens and them bad as Buffer be. Oh they went to the Super Bowl four times and no I don't give a damn. I put in four applications back in the day didn't get damn motherfucking job. Look where I'm at today. Why? 'cause I didn't give up and neither should you. Some of you get discouraged when you put them apps in and they ain't call you back. Keep working nigga don't stop putting them in because they ain't calling.


Keep working, keep grinding wrong workers. We gonna wanna put the motherfucking work in. You think everything should be easy, you go out here and talk to this female two or three days? God damnit. You feel like you should be already in the Pand. I don't want no goddamn p nigga that motherfucking easy. I get on here and joke about the first night and all that shit but I don't want no cat. That motherfucking knee make me work for it a little bit and let me decide I got nothing If I wanna keep getting it, you know what I'm saying? Lemme work for it. I don't want you to give me nothing. Let me go out and get it. Don't handicap me by giving me shit. Make me work for it because I'm a hustler baby. I'm gonna grind for mine. I ain't looking for no handed house.


No I'm gonna go and get it. Same way you should be. You should be going getting it right now day after Christmas. I'm hearing everybody on my time now man. I'm ready for next year man. I'm gonna turn up. Why your ass ain't turning up right now today. Next year ain't promised nigga tomorrow ain't promised the very next minute ain't promised. Why ain't you doing it now? Gotta change our mindset. We gotta stop looking at everything from a negative point of view. Start looking at shit from a positive point of view man. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes we be at fault. No ain't know it 'cause we don't know no better. That's why you gotta educate yourself man. Real talk. That's why I like YouTube Real talk love YouTube for simple fact I can't cook but I can get on, type on YouTube and type in whatever I wanna cook and learn how to cook it.


It might not taste like get poster to taste but god dammit I can cook it. That's all I'm saying. I can cook it watching this show then you know it being presented by prospects. Man scan that barcode right there. Put in my promo code trash two hs baby. Real talk. Put $5 in. They gonna match it with 50 scrap business. They're gonna match it with 50. You betting on more or or less on your favorite player. That's all you got to do. If you can't watch The Bubba Dub Show sometime. Appreciate it. Dig truck. Appreciate that fan. If you can't watch The Bubba Dub Show, you only can listen. Go to Apple podcast and Spotify. Type in The Bubba Dub Show. Boom there I'm baby.


All I need you to do is hit that light button. That's gonna put me in the algorithm so they can start making me become recommended. Sometimes y'all be hitting dub. I didn't even know you dropped. 'cause you Negroes and, and and and Everybody else is not hitting the light button. You're watching, you're laughing. I saw all our ass is a simple light. I get my algorithm going baby. As long as you doing that I'm gonna keep coming over here giving y'all a motherfucking real Now I know what I said about Trump getting in office. Everything gonna be all good. Gonna be good. I lied. I don't know that. I'm just on here to entertain. I don't know how it's gonna be after January 9th. But I will tell you this, we still gonna have to take our ass to work at the end of the day. We still gonna have to work. Y'all sitting around here worrying about what's going on with Finesse two times and Lil King.


That's they motherfucking problems. That's they motherfucking problem not ours. I've always been told let a kid stay at a kid place. I don't know what's going on with that young man King. I'm praying for him. I'm praying good lord Continue to bless him. Get him around the right people. That's love him. Gonna get him to school. Gonna educate him. I don't give a damn let 12 years old. That young man ain't got no business at them. Goddamn die games don't care what you say. That young man ain't got no business at them. Goddamn dollar die games gotta have his head in some kind of book on some kind game and that's it. But die game niggas get killed Dodge game every day b I'm a grown man.


I don't go to Dodge game now. My partner don't play die. I don't go down through there and I know them. I'm not going down there. Hell no money. Alcohol and drugs don't mix. Somebody will get killed do you? Somebody will lose they lives. Let them die. James and I gonna see Gamely kill family. So what you make you make you think they won't do nothing to an outside. The strangest shit happen. I'm just telling y'all we keep, we keep encouraging this shit. Man look at that little nigga at the Dodge game. That little nigga have his ass somewhere at the house sleep. I guarantee you he grew up my father. Shit ass beating. You ain't going out shit.


And for some of you already know, don't let them street lights beat you either. My parents will put something on your ass. Shit my parents grew up in these days. They being TPS. I had them way they whooping I ass. But I ain't mad about them ass whooping. Them ass whooping got me where I'm at today. Them ass whooping taught me respect. My elders be respectful. You live a long time. See I always and I was raised around older people. I got an old soul man. I I was taught to respect elders whether your parents or not. Whoever respect them man. You live a long time. I always taught if you be disobedient to your elders or your parents, you shorten your days. YI still live. I still live by that code and ethnic to this day.


I don't have to know you my brother if you older than me. Yes sir. If you ma same way one. Yes ma'am. I'm, I'm, I'm, I guess them me to be respectful man. There's too much disrespect going on these days man. You young women, you come over there, they ask you, hey can you come over here and help me with my son? I get over there you ain't got nothing on with booty shorts. I'm looking at ass now. I can't focus. I wanna help your son but now I wanna help you and you giving me that eye. I'm the wrong motherfucker. Get that eye too. Grandma Tackle. I call your ass. I ain't here for that. I ain't here for that. I'm here to help your son but you keep looking over here, you gapping your legs open. I'm gonna give you something you god damn I'm gonna give you keep asking for it. I'm gonna give it to you.


You think I won feed you shit. I'll feed you. Don't me invite me over to you all that. If you got a man, don't invite me. I'm not coming over there. I'm, I don't, I don't. I don't want nobody else's room. I always live by that code. I don't want nobody else. That's a dangerous game. I don't play. I come over your motherfucker house and you boo motherfucking high like this. You going gonna get touched. Don't get touched. Not gonna call you after. Don't feel bad either because you know what it lives. You already know what it lives.


You watching the show then you already know we have a segment calling Hill no Show. He knows what he saw. So you know I go home yesterday. All my family friends wanna pull up having a good time. We drinking, we on that dish ain't trash. You know what I'm saying? I ain't got everybody here. Then you got other people pull up. Hey family, I'll let you man I'm so proud of you. I see you commercial on TV and everything man. Guys I gotta just been good man. God has been good man. Look you know I hate the ass. You think I can hold a couple hundred dollars? Hell no. Well you been gonna get money from God. I expect you to go right back there again.


Get it from now. Them damn loan companies giving out loans each and every day. I suggest you get on their phone. Feel like you fill out an app and go and get you some paper. Know why you can't go and get no loan 'cause you ain't paid them back. Now if you ain't paying them goddamn white folks back, what makes you think you gonna pay me back? Been going out. You gonna stay going out. Yeah we family. Yeah I love you but God I ain't giving it to you. You know I'll not, I'm gonna sit down here on Christmas like I did. I'm gonna watch these games God damnit. And I'm gonna enjoy myself. I'm gonna enjoy the fruits of my label and some of y'all doing the same thing.


Enjoy the fruits of your label. Stop giving all your motherfucking money away. People use your ass. They gonna really like you. They just want what they can get from your ass. Now you got some genuine people that really need it. You can help them. But sometimes these niggas don't want no help man. They just wanna see what they can get from you and if you don't help them they gonna talk about you like a die man nigga, shut your crop baby ass up. Stop crying if you cry. What the baby going do? Time for us to step up as men and go and get too many greedy people around here too. Got a lot of shit going on. You can easily bring one of your brothers or your friends or somebody you know up and help 'em. You don't even do it. Or you take for God to strike your ass down for you can lose everything you got.


Then you want reach back out. No nigga you stay your bad look ass over there where you at? You ain't been reaching out. Don't reach out now. Stay where you at. Stay where you at. Trash Sugar Day. Steal trash. I don't wanna hurt the taste of his mouth no more. This motherfucking, I don't wanna hurt y'alls mouth. No guy. No I'm done with y'all.


Y'all wanna start back winging again. Y'all better take y'all ass down nigga Lynn and Oyster Hood and get you some of them motherfucking oyster. If you ever come to Hce Town, y'all mark my word, go to Oyster Hook. Tell Lynn you'll meet him. Baldheaded right ball. Y'all know him. That's how he talk. Tell him Bubba Dub sent you. He gonna bless you game. I promise you. Go Oyster Hook man down here in Hce Town man. Go all the other places. They got some great food too Ken. All these play prospect. I ain't gonna hate, I'm a real nigga. I'm gonna give shout guys to go holler at them people down there man. Tell 'em Dub sent. Man. Houston is a beautiful city. If you single, there's a number of women down here for you Godda and you can have a bunch of fun. And if you got, if you like men, it's a lot of gay men down here for you too.


Goddamnit Dub don't discriminate. I love all folks. Don't you never get it twisted. 'cause I get on here and say some jokes about gay people don't mean I don't like them. I love everybody. Never take this shit personal. You just entertainment for me y'all. I'm here to make y'all laugh. Some of y'all going through some shit right now. It's my job to get it off your mind and get your back smiling and happy. Some of you probably don't here man, shit, I'm thinking about robbing somebody. But come over here and listen. Talk to me letting you know it ain't worth it fam. Hmm. Three minutes of trouble and can get your life in prison. Sometimes we need to start thinking before we do shit. Stop reacting and start thinking now. I better not do that. My kids need me or my mama need me or my dad.


Somebody need me. I better not do it. I better just stick it out. And that's how shit good things happen to those who wait. Stop rushing. Shit. Put the work in. Everything will work out. I I guarantee y'all that. Thank y'all for tuning in today's show. You already know Colorado going to pick up on BYU. You already know Coach Prime them already down there in SeaWorld doing what they do. Go out with a bang, go out with a motherfucking bang. They ain't just talking about them. I'm talking about, oh, go out with a bang, give your all, you can catch me this weekend down there in San Antonio, Texas at the improv. Grab motherfucking tickets from Grab them.


You wanna see a show. You better come down there and see me. Five shows two Friday, 2 31 Sunday. If you see me down there in guy named San Antonio, you know I'm eating and I'm looking for I see you because I'm with your Col Day and down there. My name ain't Bubba Dub. Y'all know my name is San Antonio. Send your dub peace and love s out The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Hey, comedy fans. The funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros, ies, Wanda Sys, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Btw group, no purchase necessary Board web prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions.


How Crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli me crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk, fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters, whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.