
Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 20 24 5 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No seriously the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org brought to you by the American Lung Association and the ad council,


The Volume. Y'all don't already know what it is. Welcome to the bubble dove show at night. It is midnight. They say freaks come at night. They say Freak come out at night midnight. Thank everybody that's watching the show right now. I know some of y'all probably asleep. I know some of my boys still up right now. We going to have fun tonight before we even get started. Go ahead and hit the like button. Go ahead and subscribe and when you do make sure you keep your notifications turned on. But You know what we here I, I take, I take list, I give all that Go the garage.


Stop Big Buffet said the next gonna wing it. You lie. Can I get the church? Say hey man. Yeah, big bad Char Barkley. You full of makeup with the boy. Shut your motherfucking mouth. I guarantee if I slap Troy Barkley my whole finger, my whole hand print or be on side of the face even though I never do it. I love you Char. I'm just saying though. Bow shut your mouth when the Lakers flinging boy. Big Lakers told y'all LeBron James come here, come here 31 points ain Tim towing Luca.


Damn right. Big ball. 30 a 30 ass two. Now you stop all that motherfucking crying you doing though. I don't like all that crying Luca. Couple times you fo it. You crying gimme the call. No get your big fat, healthy badass back on defense. But the game ball tonight, the game ball going to some Moore. AKA gay ball. You ain't his shit out here. But the night when we need shit you came through gay bi. I know you might not know who I am but you might do but I want you to know tomorrow morning when you wake up, I'm sitting there you a whole pound bam.


Ain't me gonna be at your dope steal Hold P on your boy. Yes sir. This ain't trash. You deserve it so you can go ahead and text Bruny. You don need no more. Ain't bullshit. He's serving. I'm telling y'all right now man. From when I'm seeing right now for them Los Angeles Lakers, they look better. I thought they were gonna lose. I'm gonna be hungry. I like this one of them game. It's gonna gig away from 'em and they ain't gonna be able to come back but they they just kept it close. Kept it close. Don't connect gave us 12, well it was it 11, 12 points off the bench. We needed that going along with Ben sent because I ar didn't do a motherfucking thing tonight. D Smith didn't do a motherfucking thing tonight if it wasn't for local and LeBron we won lost But back to the game ball Gabe Vincent that's what we need.


That's what we need from our players that's on that bench man. Our role players to step up and hit timely shots like that. He came in that four quarter hitting number. God damn three. I said I thought they were big shot Bob. I thought it was Rob Rob out there nigga. That's Gabe Vincent. That's the same game Bishop that we went down there and got for Miami now starting to pay off. Jenny busted me tell you something baby you you flat booty moon pie face looking motherfucker you Yeah shut your mouth about that damn trade we got Luca, we moving forward. We ain't looking behind us no damn mo. That's what most people in life want you to do. They wanna remind you where you came from but matter damn where I came from, it's where I'm at.


Used to have shit in my drawers now I get eat motherfucker clean now. Hell used to didn't have no hole now I got fall over. Stop talking about that trade is over. Luca Laker now Luca surfing now we working on this weight. We Finn slim him down. Oh yeah we goddamnit we're gonna slim him down. That's the only thing about Luca right now. Y'all can see that if you watching the game his conditioning. I know if y'all seen earlier at Dig a replay he went to the hole. You can see he got some fat going on right there and that's okay because LA is a vegan town and it is this number vegans up there and we got your ass on that dick.


Dick Gregory Diet along with the vegan food along with this. Good we we finna prescribe to you. It's gonna be prescribed now. Oh oh absolutely. You know it's ways around this shit absolutely prescribed but overall Nick's ball out. I ain't taking nothing from Jaylen Brunson. Man if the ball wasn't have got hurt at the end we probably would've lost. I ain't gonna lie. That little left handed motherfucker, I thought it was Damon Stocker by way he was out there getting off the knife. Jaylen Brunson is a problem now. Big Co Anthony Trash Absolutely dog shit. He ain't do nothing to help Brunson tonight. Not nothing Adam Newbie did good ball out.


Gotta give him credit but overall man this a good game man. Timber do got the New York Knicks playing hard man they man it was, we was just, I overall good game. Like I said I thought we were gonna lose. I'm just being 100 but man we just kept it close. It's amazing what LeBron's still able to do at that age. I know y'all keep tired of me saying that and everybody is saying that but his condition I mean it it's just amazing just, it just shows you man you gotta put the work in man and it will pay off but it just another win at the end of the day. You know OK C's still the top team but like I say N-C-A-F-C-O-K-C you see Lakers and five. That's, that's what I'm seeing.


I don't know what y'all seeing from the Lakers that make y'all like I don't like 'em besides them being small like not having the big man 'cause they were killing us on the boards. I ain't gonna lie. For a while JJ Regg had Hayes on the bench in the fourth and they were just getting every rebound. But if we can just go out and find another big body, another 16 seven footer to step in and give us seven, eight minutes a night, that would help a lot off take the load off of LeBron and Luca. But like I say Luca ain't even a hundred percent yet and he's doing what he's doing now. He's starting to find his rhythm a little bit and and he finding his rhythm and crying. I don't like all that motherfucking crying though dog. If they gonna call the goddamnit the whole whale goddammit come on back down to court and do it all over again but all that wh and shit.


I don't like it. I told you if you cry what the goddamn kids going do. I don't like all that shit. Anybody got the motherfucking family member, you tell a story. They gotta tell a story better. I wasn't even, I was just telling my uncle look, look fa I look fa I had the flu, I got over in two A here come this nigga shit nephew I had covid, I beat it with green tea. Nigga stop. We ain't beat no damn Covid with green tea. Nigga stop. You got dang green Talking. I try to come down there and talk to the family. You got the I do me nigga. It ain't no competition. I'm not competing with now nigga now female in my family never.


We family for a reason. I don't do that competing shit or I got this or I got that man I could be dead tomorrow. You can't take that shit with you when you don. So I don't compete, I don't do all that. What I got, this what I got But if you need a little bit my anytime we we wanna shoot shoot basketball, he want to come out shoot me. Shut your old ass down somewhere man. We almost lost you last year nigga. Yeah we almost lost you last year. Yeah you don't wanna talk about that do you shut your hot ass down somewhere or what about them females always talking about now I'm be honest with you now I'm low key Bitch you got all your business on Facebook, you how you low key and all your business on Facebook.


Stop it. I'm sick of you Ole Missy assholes out here don't do nothing but lie and keep up shit and won't let them kids see they damn daddy. But you want to think you deserve to go out on a date to stay 48 bitch never You going all you want is me. That's all you want is me. I ain't got it physically but I can take you out. I get you some meats. They got all the meats you want on the phone with your home girl laying on my motherfucking a mattress talking shit. Bitch you can go, oh you ain't got no car. Oh I gotta call your Uber. Never I call might be Ragley ding a motherfucker but get me from point A to point B ac don't work.


Nope Windows don't let down either. It all good because I know one day heaven to father up there somewhere gonna bless me. He gonna me bless you too. Gonna bless you too but man, ah man I'm I, I'm, I'm just so excited I get to talk, come over here and talk my shit. How I want to talk my shit about my Lakers man. Spike Lee was there man it's amazing to see Spike Lee make all these movies man a successful black man in the business in Hollywood and for him to be able to do the things he did man shout out to Spike D. He still doing put Denzel in a lot of movies man.


Spike d gonna get the recognition that he deserves in Hollywood. Shout out to Spike d He at the game. You know they going nigga I was looking for Jack niggas. I don't know if they old motherfucking get out the bed. I don't know. You know them niggas in Hollywood, You know they be keeping secret jack look. You know what I'm saying? I'm just saying. But overall LA lit right now they got the wildfires calm down. Only thing wild and fire right now is the lake 'cause everything else in the city is back. Coping steady Marathon burger opening up check got the black Sam them carrying on your brother, carrying on your brother dream. That's what it's about. Carrying on your brother dreams or your sister dream. Somebody in your family wanted to do something and then you continue. That's what it's all about.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself, not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No seriously the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org brought to you by the American Lung Association and the ad council.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's top headlines listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention starting on March 11th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


How y'all feeling champ? I'm feeling like a motherfucking camp tonight. Hey, y'all ever got some head so motherfucking good? You call your lawyer nigga. I got some head the other day. I called my lawyer and told that motherfucker take my mama off my will and put this sweet mile motherfucker on. Now she deserves it. And I took her down there to the Mexican car. I bought her a cash car too. Damn right. 4,500 Come here, got her little Jeep Cherokee. 2018. Come here. She got the windows tinted on 'cause y'all can't see me riding up. Shit. We took a ride out on the town. We took, we went out, took a countryside God damn right.


Took out there on the countryside and got me a little hit. Come here when you, when you, when you, when you buy em a car trigger my nice Oh the hi is wonderful. Oh. Oh. Just the rainy day. Find so hard time to wash away. Hey, hey I'm trying to tell you. Smile on me. Smile for me. Hey I'm telling you. You know that head good if I'm banging. Ja rule ain't nobody listen no motherfucking ja rule. But I'm And y'all can say what y'all but but now the face heyy Drake is back. Gimme a hug. Get You know I missed you when I came home from jail from them five hours.


I didn't wanna see my kids. I wanted to see my baby mama. I need some head. Come here my dad. My kids running up to me. Dad get out the goddamn way. Where your mama at? Call a babysitter. I'm finna put some work in on your ass. Over drive bitch I'm a I powder. Come here. Come on big rock. I'm on your ass baby. Damn. Ain't nothing like here boy. Why? I'm in your head. I'm in. I get head like, like it's a so do you hear me? I get head like it's a so in no thought.


We going to the grocery store, shit we going to the park. Come here. Get your ass in this back seat. How y'all feel? Talk to me man. Any questions out there y'all wanna ask you about? I'm in Detroit tomorrow. Oh yeah I'm in the D tomorrow. Yeah. Little cesar ring. I'm performing at the piston state of ring. Come here be a woman tour. Go and grab them tickets. And I told you man if you in Detroit and you're coming to the show DM me, I might let you come to the back and kick it with your boy. Show in love to all my fans appreciate prestige. Showing love to all my fans That's pulling up to my comedy show on this wiggle Warrens tour.


Getting my DM and I'm gonna give with my team. I'm gonna invite two or three people in the back to come hang with me in the crew. That's what we doing over here. We doing c little bit different over him. So good. You know what's going on in the world y'all. Y'all talk to me. Y'all talk to me. My mama been calling me crying about Donald Trump all day. I told mama I don't wanna hear nothing about Donald Trump. Then she telling me she gonna know how she gonna make ends meet. And I told my mama, you better get out here and sucks with me. Girl, you could death but you better get out here and sucks with me because I ain't got nothing for you.


Don't stop calling me. I'm breaking out. I'm breaking all family members and friends up. I'm calling me asking me for some damn money if I give out my money away. What? I'm gonna have nothing. Figure out what you told me. 18 get out boy. Figure it out. I'm telling you mama. Figure it out. Thank you. Moving in here with me and my hoes. You a mother you lie. Well you You know ain't nobody coming between me. I love you mama. But this is my life. This is what I like. Pretty holes and pretty toes. Make 'em get down. Bend down. Oh foes. Come here. Come here. I'm not bullshitting.


What y'all like if you're watching this show that's presented by prospects I done told you right there. You see that? You see that right there? Skin? Yeah you want win kid come here. Oh the money for you and me. We will split it down the middle. Can you bid more or less on your favorite player? If you don know how to work prize picking, you won't do it. I told you go with my IG bubble dub 94. I slide in your DM and I help you. Yeah I don't want nothing in return but the love that you're doing now and watching this show for me, that's, that's ly nigga thing. If you can't watch this show and god damn it, you can listen to it on Apple Podcast. POW P. Yeah go on type in the bubbles dope show. There I am Joseph.


Thank you. Somebody say Stephen Steph curry goat never. Don't get me wrong daddy yellow motherfucker. It's the greatest sugar we ever seen in our world. In the in the world. But you talking about goat, you talking about drag of all time that mange your head. God damn LeBron James is him. Sorry bro. You know I love you but I'm good. I'm just keeping you 100 nigga. You need your mo all on top of your head dog for the man. That's all I'm saying. If you down south and You know a dog had manes, You know we used to put motor oil on the dog. Somebody tell me I'm lying. Y'all niggas running over here to German and Turkey trying to grow your hair, put some motor oil on your motherfucking hair.


Watch it grow. Telling you what God love. I'm just telling you what God I love these day but y'all don't wanna listen to me and all also don't y'all hate them. People that be over spiritual and shit. I ain't where everybody fam. I'm gonna let God handle this. Well guy waiting on you to fill like that damn application too nigga. How about about you waiting on God. He wait for you to get you wait waiting on your God ain't gonna keep doing all the work. You niggas don't have to start meeting God halfway and stop calling on God when you're doing bad. Hold on him. When you're doing good time y'all get into some shit.


You wanna run to God. But if you always stay with him you ain't got the worry about getting ready. You understand what I'm saying to you To stay ready and stay dangerous and stay dangerous. I rang into a motherfucker day, no lie my car wouldn't crank. I swear to God my car wouldn't crank for nothing in the world. I rang into a motherfucker brush. Think so bad that motherfucker came over and talked in front of my engine. My car crank again. I said I beat. Damn. I took a motherfucker breath be so bad it could crank a car. That's a bad motherfucker. No push start just talk.


I ain't bullshit. The nigga so bad. The nigga, the nigga can cure. Counsel no radiation. No no no. None of that. Just by breath motherfucker can breathe Life scientists Elma. Damn no robots. Come find this dude. I'm talking about breath. It's dangerous. I ain't lying. Missy Elliot is my window. I can't stop the rain. Hey who member got Missy Elliot Man. Yeah I may love a missy. Where you at Missy? I don't know where you at. They say you you, they say you a stud. I don't give a damn What you hear Missy Elliot, I'm so in love with you baby. Real talk.


I'll make sweet love to you. Right down here in Houston, Texas on Galveston beach. I'm not bullshitting, no disrespect and none taking God. I'll make love to Missy Elliot on Galveston beach. I fire up that goddamn pit on that goddamn beach boy. I'm not. I put, I put them, put the catfish on that grill too. Shit. Pull up some syrup. It ain't gonna be the real one. She gonna know the difference. I pour up some syrup. Tell her we on that Texas syrup. See make up Missy. Get all up in no more. I get, I get the short stroke because I ain't got no meat. I get the short stroke at Missy.


Shit make Isha get her mind right. I make her come out with a new album. Damn right Keisha Cole, come on. You can't find love God damnit come the door. Everybody keep mistreating you. I won shit. You think I won't I Keisha Cole come here. Come God damnit you need love. You want somebody to hold yo your ass at night. God damnit I need I I need a place to stay. I hold you all God day long. I'm not bullshit. You too. How y'all feeling? Lemme get you in the chat. God damn. How y'all doing man? How y'all doing man? Somebody on that fake drink man. You know some fake drink out here Travis.


What it do fam? You know some fake drink out here. Man, these boys ain't really sipping like that. These boys be lying and going on out. Lying nigga ain't sipping on nothing. Real drink gone but nevertheless man thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show. You know I had to go live and talk about them Lakers man. Eight in a row man. Boys on boy rolling right now man. And it won't stop. We got Boston Saturday. That's gonna be a good game now. That's gonna be a game. Don't thank for one. Boston ain't gonna try to run us off the court. They gonna try to run us off the court in Boston. I just want LeBron James them to stay away from the clam chaga up there and and and up there in Boston and they gonna be all right.


Paul. Where at? I know you ready to run your run your mouth. Damn. I give we ain't of them trash Sugar Day going to no other than them damn refs Trash no ref will cheating sugar out us in that fir from first three quarters and y'all know it. They were calling everything New York White. Oh yeah. Y'all didn't want the Laker to win but we won. Hell want the headline read tomorrow.


Detective me. Detective Riggs? Yeah. Danny Glover. Mayor Gibson. Mayor Gibson is Luca. Danny Glover is LeBron. I think that's a good goddamn right. Duo Detective and Detective Riggs call it let the weapon vote in la. Guess my time. Y'all been great. I love y'all. Y'all sure this shit peace and love. I out The Volume. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other.


'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.