
Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5. Because we have all of the hi music but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about Real stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa, what snap I kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. The Volume.


What's good everybody welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight and I'm never late. I'm always on time. You'all clocked. Just slow. Get the like button, hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notification turned on over here on The Bubba Dub Show. Been a lot of crazy things going on over the weekend but within the weekend, You know with the, with the draft and and and what's been going on with my Lakers? I don't fucking know no damn mo. We dialed three one to the damn wolves.


Do you hear me? We dialed three one to the damn Ws and I don't like it Now it's time for me to do something new on this show. It's time for me to start handing out ass whooping in the first ass. Whooping going to the big bad wolf Lord Brother Ramon. James come here. Did nobody tell you to play them goddamn mini new Now granted you had 27 points. I almost triple double. You didn't but you did all that one through three four quarter. I couldn't fucking find you when emotion you wasn't there. A big boy.


Yeah turning the ball over. Missing three bling Bad body language but you 40. But what the hell you on the court for then? If you gonna want give it your out. If you gonna want this shit the glee, I want some players on the team that fucking want win it. That shit that happened another night wouldn't have happened to Kobe. You was shooting the ball outside of the goddamn van. Black boy knew who I seen that three LeBron shot off the goddamn bat.


Boy off the side of it. What I'm gonna do with that? Zero points in the fourth. The greatest player ever no points in the fourth. My ass. And y'all think I'm supposed to come over here and just put out the blame on JJ Re now he next but LeBron gonna get his ass whooping right now. I'm gonna give it to him. Can't take up for you no more. Big boy. I spread child. Spread a ride. You get your ass whooped today.


Let's talk about it layups. Nigga you going to be outside you trying to finesse 6 8, 2 7 5 for Ness N Nigga you starting to look like Oliver Miller and I don't like it. I don't like to come on my show and talk shit about you bro. I don't. I don't like it but I gotta be real to you, to myself and to my fans. I got to let 'em know I don't mind. Hand our ass whoopers. That's what we do on The Bubba Dub Show. We hand out ass whoopings. You violate. We'll demonstrate now you letting that young full of calm ass.


My twin Antman. I love to death pushing on y'all looking down the court. You ain't doing shit. You shaking hands. You talking about playing cards after the game nigga Neville not my killer, my killer don't associate with these kind of players. They don't do it. Y'all all friendly and shit. I don't wanna hear nothing about that. I wanna see players going to war with one another right now. I don't like you nigga. I don't. We enemies now let me move blame to JJ now why the hell we bring if you ain't, You know we You know eventually we got, we trading him for Williams.


Something wrong with Williams. He got scoliosis. He got polio, Pabo, he had something we didn't want him so we kept out connect but when when we needed a big man we let him go. You mean tell me no motherfuckers in that front office smarter than us. I did not play on the collegiate level. Might not play pro ball but I know fucking basketball I tell you that I know who can get on that goddamn court and can produce. I know that and You know it. So we settled for Jackson no plays. Hey 20 some minutes. Two fucking points at seven football you only can get two goddamn points.


I bet you look for that direct deposit every toasted when you wouldn't fucking find it. What that have three to the wolves I'm handing out as whoopings today. Real. You can score with the best of them but you can't slide your goddamn feet. You gonna know how to chacha boy all that time using Dallas. Them niggas don't sha go teeth sad Niggas didn't teach you how to cha chop. That's why Nico got rid of you 'cause she don't know how to cha chop ain't playing no kind of defense.


You a liability every time you on the goddamn court. It don't matter who old member Sogo got the ball, they want you one on one. They know they can get the shot that they want. That's a problem. That's a problem JJ. Ready give there I brag on you. I'm gonna give on your ass. Whoop today. Now this's a new thing on this show you get I'm handing out ass whoopings. So if somebody in your life right now ain't been acting the way they supposed to act with you, hand out ass whoopings. Whether it's physical, verbal but hand out ass whoopings. JJ come now you see that we ain't got nobody to hold in.


We ain't got nobody no more fucking work. We can't hold nobody on their team. We can't keep nobody in front of us but we got somebody on our bench that can play a little bit of defense and then though you gonna fucking playing you on him. Oh what you wanna put? You wanna have Luca bring the ball up to court. Luca getting ripped nigga full court preps on Luca. He getting ripped. He tripping over. He can just fucking balling. Take the ball out Luca hands my nigga. Take the ball out Luca hands my nigga. That's all you you gotta do. That's all you gotta do.


Take the ball outta Luke hand that somebody else bring the ball up the court. Let Lu get the ball top of the key or off the elbow. Let him work out the ball that way. But bringing it up court, he already outta shape as is the nigga size of a goddamn 3-year-old polar bear. Let's be real. Let's be real Luca. The size of a 3-year-old polar burn. Y'all know it. That white boy full of whiskey. Full of whiskey and strawberry hookah and y'all know it but y'all want act like we don't know what the hell we looking at when we looking at it. Every time Luca get the ball top of the key, he call for that lazy ass scream when he turned his back.


Them boy reaching around and ripping him every time. Watch the film. That's how they know how to rip. You stop turning your back to the ball boy you got handles. You ain't gotta turn your back to the ball when you get in the screen. Look at it. See the see it coming to double call. Split it. I pass the ball like you were doing the rule in the middle. They Rudy run down the middle court, either sugar lay up or pass it out. Took an open three. That's how you gotta play ball But you're not. You turned the goddamn ball and you lost your confidence. I watched six open shots you had the other night.


You turned them down. That's a problem as a head coach. The first motherfucker shot. You turned down that you normally shoot. I'm looking at you. Hey hey you do it again and dammit what going on? That's your side. We ain't got nobody doing that over there. Everybody quiet. Brody over there. He ain't smelling like weed nigga that ain't what we need. I need Brody over there on the bench buying daddy up. You big boy. What's going on? You supposed to be a goat. You playing like a goddamn stone lift.


We ain't playing lake a ball y'all and y'all know it ain't no way we supposed to be down three one. This shit supposed to be 2 4 2 2. We down 3 1 8. Man himself ain't man at the house right now. Then said man humping go no call two I call that's my twin but we ain't playing Laker ball. I know it and You know it. This could be you. The Lakers could get there. I ain't saying they'll beat the Celtics or the calves. I'm saying the Lakers supposed to get out the west and they're not due to the fact that they turning the ball over.


LeBron. James been in the game 22 motherfucking years. We up you shooting them long ass motherfucking re threes. For what? Nickel. Get your big ass in the paint. Can't nobody stop you Rudy Goldberg. You went to the Frito line 17 motherfucking time you you don't wanna go again. We shoulda won that game y'all. We should have won that game y'all. But we didn't but we didn't. Now I'm stuck here with y'all crying and complaining as usual because the Lakers are not taking care of business and y'all know it.


So yeah I'm a little pissed off Lakers. Dial three one and my pastor done called me preaching. Jay called me preaching. I buy miracles. That's how I know that nigga done lost his money on fried picks. Sugar took my, took my picks. I don't get it man. Why I got to keep running into the league. He devils now the preacher telling me that the riffs was on the devil's side. This what the pastor telling me. The refs was on the devil's side. This what this nigga telling me now.


I ain't the smartest man in the world. Y'all lord knows I'm not. But you ain't supposed to be gambling after church nickel. Now my pastor Warren preached to me about being humble but he up to preaching in Gucci. That nigga was Gucci down from head to toe yesterday. You wanna come to me about being humble? You got some kind of goddamn nerve big boy you got some kind of goddamn nerve coming to me about that kind of shit there. I don't know no more y'all I don't know no more. I just don't fucking know because somebody explain this shit to me how a pastor won't come to me about being humble but you up the rocking goat chick.


Do y'all understand that the magnitude of this where I'm going with this and these ain't jokes. I'm dead ass serious with this. My pastor need his ass beat. Yes he need his ass beat. The same women that I'm looking at in church, I ain't supposed to be looking at them ho. Excuse me Lord. I ain't probably looking at them women but I'm looking. I look out this eye. He looking. Hold on now. Your son going to be in the book. You supposed to be a store. If anybody gonna do some singing, God damnit let it be me.


Not you. You gotta leave by example. That's all I'm saying. Like this chick I made earlier told me she was a contractor and that she worked for only fan. Bitch you selling cat got the lot of me you selling cat ain't nothing over there in her house but a picnic truck and an air mattress. That damn house smelled like a wet dog. I had to throw my damn clothes away when I left. I ain't gonna lie, I wasn't over there but who am I gonna judge? I rent. I come here, I damnit come here best $400 I ever spent.


I spent the night woke up God damnit and cooked spam. Gee y'all don't come where I'm coming from. I come from, I grew up eating spam. That's all she had in the refrigerator was spam and eggs. Come here, bring eggs and ham here I I'm Come here now. Whoever in Miami selling cocaine. Y'all need to come the boys y'all beat 1 38 to 83 today making make sense. 1 38 to 83 Get boys every porter you need your ass beat Pat Riley need to retire The Godfather.


My ass the godfather of taking ass whooping. It's what they took from the Cleveland Cavalier tonight. I don't know about y'all and I know y'all love Boston. I get it Tatum Brown. I love it White love it. But what I'm but what we watching right now, Cleveland Spiderman Moly, I mean balling them what they been able to do. This might be one of the best series we going to see in a long time between the Cavs in the Celtics when they meet up. I'm telling y'all right. They beat the dog shit out the Miami Heat Now I know the Miami Heat wasn't gonna win this series but they normally gonna get beat like this.


They got beat down man look the game was over second quarter. Second quarter game was over. Y'all think about that man. Second quarter game old that mean another team out there ain't bullshitting and the way the Cals playing right now the ball is moving. They ain't turning the ball over. They sharing the ball doing everything that the motherfucking Lakers not doing. That's what the Cleveland Cavaliers are doing. So it wouldn't be surprise me if they made it to the final and won it all because they are playing fucking ball. So Miami, y'all was already at the house any motherfucking way.


You already on vacation? Y'all can go fishing tomorrow. God damn y'all can go hunt Blue Dolphins. Well all you can go do all that shit tomorrow north. All the poll you want tomorrow 'cause your season is over. Season is over. Nick Boston beat up on the Orlando Magic yesterday. They up three one in that series as well. Ro and Waner. Y'all ain't, y'all ain't got enough. Y'all got all ass Van Joseph go. Y'all not Wing shit Orlando right now let's be real y'all I'm looking at women though. God damn thing right now in Orlando another cakewalk for the Boston shelters.


Even though Jaylen Brown is knee is bothering him, we could tell he he's acting like it's not. But we all know but the Boston Cel is so and they loaded, they loaded old ass Al Horford he ain't slowing down so I just look for them two teams right there in the east to come out the books. Dang no toys. Achilles Doc Rivers need to be fired, kicked out the league. Him and Dorham hands and the pockets having ass niggas. Them niggas need to take two or three years off from basketball and and goddamnit and come back because right now they bad fucking look. They bad fucking look and y'all know it hear nothing about no goddamn Doc Rivers no damn mo.


I'm all about my black man being in power getting jobs but that motherfucker that need to be fired to do, he need to be let go because the series over Indiana gonna move on in advance to the next series which is a good thing for them as well. Tyrese, Halliburton, big Karen, the team Miles Turner. I like what they, I can't think of that bright guy name over there but he doing his thing too as well. But yeah that one on him about this right here boy that old Michigan spray come here. God I'm feeling like Hector come here. I'm feeling like real Hector right now.


I go all goddamn damn day I got two got no Mexicans. I love 'em. They got two. No why I got two hearts. One shut down, the other one's still going now those nis I got into the old school diabetic ass   earlier they at the store. Nigga told me he was gonna keep my motherfucking ass if I can stop talking about them cowboy. I said alright nigga. Yeah alright You keep you you you start. You keep not taking that goddamn insulin, you ain't gonna have a one goddamn foot. Big boy I'm so sick of you diabetic, hardheaded ass motherfucker. Nigga don't want to take your medicine, don't want to eat right, still want to drink, smoke and all that. All right you gonna lose. You gonna lose more than your leg. You gonna lose your life nigga.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. Y'all know I ain't lying them diabetic niggas hard headed. Can't tell them shit Popping Viagra with Dr.


Pepper. Nigga stop it. Stop It Ain't no damn sense. But how y'all feeling though? Y'all talk to me y'all need, I'm just man I didn't get no sleep last night. None Rs I ain't get no sleep. I ain't get no rest man. I'm just so upset analyzing the game and bunch of and why we can do this and why we can do that. Man, my my mind is going crazy. Fuck them. Cowboys ain't going nowhere. Nope. I guess ain't the same. Now let's, let's talk about what we really need to talk about tonight.


This NFL draft, that's what we need to be talking about tonight. We all know Shado Sanders got drafted in the fifth round 140 fourth pick to the Cleveland Browns. Now the Cleveland Browns got every motherfucking quarterback in the world over there right now. But let's talk about how they called. They self trying to humble Shado Sanders is, is, is is it's sad man that at any given time they feel like they could shut our world down. They do it right in front of about motherfucking faces. Do you understand what I'm saying? You should do. Sanders ain't did nothing wrong. He ain't did no more than what Elan Eli Manning did when what his daddy did for him when he didn't want him going to a certain team.


Deion ain't ain't did near as much as that. But what they will tell you is Shaar sandal ain't that good but on film you mean tell me it was a hundred 144 more people better than Shado Sanders. Is that what you fucking telling me? It's the same old tactics that they always used against us. So you're telling me there was 144 more players better than Shado. Stop it. Just fucking stop it. Y'all just stop against that Y'all were pissed off 'cause he can come to the draft like y'all wanted him to. Yeah he didn't work out and God damnit and he didn't talk to the certain team.


Just, just say that. Say I look I wouldn't mind drafting him but God damnit he showed me God damnit he want everything given to him. I couldn't accept that but this bullshit that y'all pulled right here trash and you niggas know it. See the first thing no white people want to use is the race card but they can't be race 'cause the fresh player pick was black. It ain't got nothing to do with this hemp. See this shit run internal. You know this shit is is deeply rooted inside the NFL on. So when they decide they're not going to do something, they going to do it. And same way they did with Colin Colin Kaepernick.


Now they claim nobody said to one another that they wasn't gonna pick him up. But no NFL owner all 32 NFL team didn't pick Kaepernick up. Not a coincidence boy ain't played ball no more. Now I know his girlfriend come out and say that he's still training and hoping that the NFL will give him another chance. Let it go nigga I got a better chance starting for the goddamn dollar cowboy then Colin Kaepernick do and and coming back to the NFL no nigga is Soul for You know what you took the money. We ain't forgot they can't get 20 figure nickel. That nigga ain't step the foot and on now no motherfucking NFL stadium saw you.


Them white boys don't play that shit but You know who gave 'em that power us. What you mean Doug? We steady watching. We steady support 'em. You know that's what we do. They give us two, they give us a hundred million dollars. Oh we good. It ain't, the world ain't all that bad no more Doug. We got black people making hundreds of millions of dollars. Yeah, yeah it take a little money for y'all niggas to sell y'all soul. But if we all come together we can get some sugar accomplice. We can get some sugar accomplice all the way across the board but we going have player man ain't messing up my money.


It's that slave mentality. You worried about your money when it could be everybody money if we handle things the right way now I get it. I'm not gonna give her and say shit door shouldn't have worked out. I'm not gonna give her a here and say that Shado shouldn't have took them interview. 'cause he should have. He should have. But to do him like that the way they did him is crazy. Now it's like I say they ain't do Eli like that but Eli better college quarterback then Shado. I don't think so when he talking about the pros 'cause Shado ain't played in the pros yet. We know what Eli end up doing. Winning in two rings. We get it. But coming outta college I don't know that.


That's all I'm saying. We don't, we we we, we can't say that. We just know he was a man long neck like his daddy and brother were paint. We get it but it's up to us to make change. We ain't willing to make the change. Why? Because some of us scared and number two we gonna wanna lose our money. See money control a lot of people man they get on these podcasts, they come around the world and speak. They talk that shit like that. This and that. When it all boiled down to it, they ain't trying to mess up they money. That's simple as that. Someone gonna keep they mouth closed. There's gonna be some ones that's talking and ru ruin and ride but when it's time to do it they know where gonna be found. They just like that nigga on barbershop that Cedric Tangle played when he was talking about black power, black power when they shut the door shit them niggas crazy.


That's how them niggas is right now in real life. The very one y'all praise the most, the very one superstars y'all put up on that pepper pedestal don't give a damn about us. Do you hear me? Don't give a damn about us And the ones that do give a damn about us, we ridicule 'em all the time. Talk bad about 'em. Talk down, try to cancel 'em. We try to cancel the real, we're gonna never try to cancel the fake. That's that's what's going on in the world right now man. The fake has become real and what's real has become fake. It's been watered down now. See a woman think now she gotta get her ass done.


She got get titties done. She got to get all these surgeries just to be beautiful baby. You beautiful just the way you are. See our sisters done forgot where they come from because some of us weak ass men in the world not letting our sisters know that they are beautiful without all that. All that makeup without that fake up As with all the fake shit they don't need. They done forgot it because they been told that they ugly. They not this, they gonna compare to the next woman. But us real men you got to build your woman. No you got tell her you beautiful, you got to slap on the ass. We're consent got let her know you gonna one even though you might be fucking 50 more but you got to let them one know you gonna one.


Why? Because they going to keep going down there fucking up cutting on they body. Some of 'em dying on that goddamn table down there because they trying to look good for your sorry crazy retarded ass. I want, I don't want, I want chick where you shit live. So these women here with us, men are saying because they wanna be chose, they wanna be with us. They want, they want, they want, they just wanna be loved but we doubt 'em so much and some of these ho need to be down. Yeah some of 'em we need to praise and build up and they can have better attitude about they self. That's why they half naked on IG 'cause they like nobody love them. They feel like they got to show their ass off for somebody look and say something to 'em real women ain't got get on IG and Facebook and and be half naked.


Real women can dress like a woman supposed to dress and still show her curies and all that if she have those or not. It's up to us man. It's up to us men to start showing compassion and love again to these women. Man I ain't say to these hoes, I said to the women 'cause they out there and when you find a real one you, you treat her, You know how she supposed to be treated. But that's just what I see going on in today's si society man. With the, with the, with our black women, they have no confidence in they self. I mean some of 'em had kids early, two or three kids earlier and the family gave up on 'em. The baby daddy gave up on but Sister, if you watching this show and you, you've through some things like that.


What I'm talking about don't give up. It's not over. It's not over for you. It's a man out there love you. You and your two or three kids. I am however you got, it's a man out there for you. But once again you got to start fucking who you need. Not who you want 'cause what you want got you single and dying. Not her falling out so fucking who you need. Yeah it's a nigga at your church right now play the piano. You think he gay? He ain't gay. He just looking for the right one. Go give him some high dudes fake ass. Yeah real talk. Yeah and I hear what you saying LeBron legacy.


Yeah it he'll see minute but it's how you going out? It's it's a thing with me with LeBron. You shooting the ball off the side of the goddamn back boy. Fam the side of this motherfucker a three at that. We need you on the block big boy we gonna need you shooting threes like that. You not curry nigga you hit two threes. You Think you cur that ain't the business now you letting Minnesota off the hook now you say you now they say LeBron got the highest iq. I can't tell you because I know can't nobody if I'm LeBron I know can't nobody hold me on that team. On the block I'm getting the ball in the block.


I'm backing down to one of them. Motherfucker double me and I'm gonna kick that motherfucker out. Dug a miracle whip and he gonna hit the three. But they ain't doing that now tell me I'm lying. They not doing it so it rather damn his legacy submitted the not. But God damnit you said you longer be the goat. Goddamn goat ain't going out and inside a game. So what I'm saying here tonight, if LeBron ain't the goat, they win them. They win Wednesday night. If LeBron ain't the goat they go back to Minnesota and Wing again. If LeBron ain't the goat, they winging himself nickel now who else on here feel like that?


If LeBron James the goat they win this Tim Wolf series and himself. That's all I'm saying. Somebody say I got T Wolf winning shit. Damn man you hurt my feeling Leo. You hurt my feelings Leo. You hurt my feelings with this shit. Somebody say he gonna get a a chip as a spect. I I I mean I'm one of the LeBron biggest fans bro. But I just, I start calling bullshit when I see it and that's the same way I call it. In real life, if you a whole ass nigga in real life I'm just gonna let You know what you is. You just the whole ass nigga, nigga is what it is. Ain't no ain't no sense of sugarcoating shit.


Start telling people how you feel. Ain't no sense of holding it in you. Some of you negro be mad at people. I never say nothing. No start letting people know how you really feel man. It's okay. So I'm just letting y'all know but night how I feel about the Lakers overall. Yeah I'm mad at LeBron. Yeah he had a turnover, a foul in a mystery. Yeah I know he ain't scoring the four. Yeah, I'm mad ass. Yeah I'm gonna whoop his ass today but come Wednesday night he win the game. God damnit I love him again. It's a love and I hate relationship with me. Some of you niggas got love and hate relationship right now with your kids. Yeah we gonna talk about it. Yeah. Some of your fathers out there.


Yeah, your dog a hoe. Yeah You know it. You gonna like it so you, you mistreated Don't mistreat your dog because she a hoe. She got it from somebody in your family. Whether it's you, your wife, sister or your grandma or your great-grandma or your grandpa. Somebody hoo it nigga. Even though your dog might be a hoe, you still gotta lover nigga. She got kids. You supposed to be a Paw P nigga. Still our kids brother. What they do? You still gotta love them. Some of you niggas on here watching the show right now. Son Gay, you been feeling kind of dying now you laughed at everybody else being gay Now your son gay now you quiet now Paw nigga you big bad something cute.


Talk now talk about everybody else being gay growing up. Now your son gay, you want to keep quiet about it when you go used to be talking loud at work when your son was young. Now he ain't grown out here sucking on wee Wes you come to work now quiet as a church. How mouth no talk now James, why could your boy sucking wee weed now? He grown. He 19, he died then college sucking no wee weed. Yeah, you don't talk about it no more. All you talk about is fishing. No nigga let's talk about Junior. But that's your son. You still supposed to love Willy so wee Wes or not. You gonna lost your swagger.


Used to be out inviting everybody over for football games on Sunday. You don't invite nobody over no more when James come down because you, because they, they gonna know he like this. That's he still junior. He still junior. We still gotta love our kids no matter what they do. They right or wrong. We still gotta love him now. We ain't gotta condone what they do but we still got the love. Show me, show you nigga show you looking right now. Diabetics watching this show. I told take your god damn medicine Nickle not with Dr. Pepper. Evil come. You gonna lose that goddamn leg. Keep bullshit. You ain't gonna better keep up with your old leg. She already cheating on you now. Lose that leg nigga. Yeah, it's gonna be outta there y'all.


I'm laughing. I'm dead ass. Seriously, y'all dig? K I'm not bullshitting with y'all man. We, we all know that our biggest run the most in black people. We already know somebody in our family diabetic. We know somebody that's a diabetic right now. Not taking their insulin, not wanting to act. Right. And we, and You know you see 'em now they walking around Good. About two months later you get a phone call. Hey, what's up? Shit, You know shut should lost their leg. You bullshit. Hell yeah. Why not taking their medicine? Niggas gotta take your medicine out. I know you want Don. Don't you wanna leave?


Y y'all, y'all just gonna leave all this cat out here for me, okay? I I be right here to get it. I'm gonna be right here to get it. Check out to the Jacksonville Jaguars and went out there and got, got my boy Travis Hunter. I think that was a good pickup for Siggy. It'd be good for them down there man. I know they say don't let him play both sides of the ball. Let's check out to him for getting drafted. Shout out to my little guy out there in Colorado. Number five. Jimmy Horne on Junior. Shout out to him. He got drafted by the Carolina Panthers. Shout out. Shout out to them man.


I Think you gonna do some great things in the league too. Little Jimmy, I really do. Shiloh, he went to Buccaneers. That's like, that's what's up. Shout, everybody got drafted. He ain't against by Coach Prime and his kids and everybody else. Man. Shout out every young man. White, black, wherever you are got drafted, you, You know, if that was your dream, you, you made it. And for the ones who didn't get drafted, it's not over. It's not motherfucking over because you didn't get drafted. You can, you can go as an undrafted free eight. You can, you can, you can walk on. You got that. Go and make, if it's for you, it's gonna be for you. Don't matter. Don't let them put no number on you. You make a name for your motherfucking self. Remember Tom Brady was in the seven round. Remember that turned out to be the one what the grave quarterback ever so far?


So it ain't over. 'cause you gonna get drafted dog. I mean just keep putting the work in and the working for you. It's going, it's going work. And if it don't, it just don't. But it's for you. It's gonna be for you. I'm telling y'all all that right now man. Don't give up. Don't give up. Believe in yourself. Look in that mirror. Hold yourself accountable for where the things going in your life. Lemme tell you something. Just because things not going right in your life don't mean you doing nothing wrong. You know, God chastised the ones he loved most. Look what he did to Joe. Joe didn't do nothing wrong when the devil came to God. Yeah the devil came to God and God said you can't, you can do anything in the world but you can't kill him.


And the devil do everything. Get job, job lost everything. And his wife said, won't you just cuss him? He said never. He didn't say never. But so many words. No. And God blessed him seven times more than he ever had. He lost his kids. God gave him more kids than he had before. Lost everything. He had more and more and more 'cause of his faith in. That's why I got my faith now in God. I always have been. Yeah, I do things that I ain't supposed to do. Prayer, ask the good Lord to forgive me and help me. Don't do those things again. But You know my heart, You know my intentions and something with y'all as well man.


Just keep having the faith. Don't put it in man. Just put it in God. Put it in yourself and good things will happen to you. Remember, good things happen. Bad things happen to good people all the time, man. Just the way the world is. But don't give up. Don't give up. So all I I can tell y'all tonight is, is don't give up on your dreams. Keep pushing. Get like I always tell y'all on the show, get around people that want to see you win. Get around inspirational people. Get around motivators. Get around good energy people. You gonna wanna be around bad energy people. Something go bad. You go tell 'em. Yeah man I would do this. I would do that. Ain't nothing getting you in more trouble for what? Sometimes you gotta know how to keep your mouth close. Depend time I been wanting to say certain things but I know it, it ain't for me to say.


I just try to be quiet and let it play out the way it need to play out man. But it's never about being disrespectful to to no one. But sometimes you gotta get your point across. Sometimes you get, you gotta let people know I look bro, I ain't the one you doing love too much motherfucking playing for me. I ain't with that. I ain't wishing no harm on you or nobody here but you not going to play with me. And that's how you gotta be with certain people man. Sometime at the job, your boss getting on your ass, You know, might hurt your feeling, might hurt, You know, might hurt your pride, might do it in front of other people. Might have you feeling some kind of way. But if You know you need this job, your family depending on you, you got to think, man, I, I got a family at the house man, You know I, I gotta be smart.


I don't miss one. You know, sometimes you gotta think stuff through count 10, whatever you gotta do because You know the devil is working each and every day. He's working and You know if he see you trying to do right or do good, he coming. So I always keep that in mind man. Don't let nobody trick you at your spot. No matter what people out there in the world say about you, they'll allow you, they'll say anything in the world to try to knock you off your game. But don't you do it. You hang in there, you hang in there. Remember they talked about Jesus. They say he wasn't the son of God. They, they killed him at that. So imagine what they'll do with me and you. Imagine what they'll do with me if they kill Jesus.


Imagine what they'll do with me. So we have to be smart. We have to be when we see our other black men or white, how you doing today fam, you good? How you doing brother? You all right? This and that. You never know what people going through, never going, going through their mind. And it's okay to tell people you're proud of 'em, you love them. I'm appreciate all the good that you are doing. It's okay to tell people you are proud of them. But we got so many in this world that won just they don't want, You know, they don't want, You know man. And it's sad. That's why I always try to give people their flaws. Yeah them Lakers, I'm in good spirits. Y'all know me. If you really my fan, You know I love the Lakers to death.


But if them motherfucker don't win, they just don't win. I'm riding with OKC nigga I keep a backup plan. Don't get it twisted.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


You watching this show Nigga Present being presented by prospects. Y'all know that? Go download the number one sports fantasy app right now. It's more or less on your favorite player over there man. Trash with the two Hs man pic of telling, typing in trash two Hs. There I am. Hit me up, I'll send you some pics. I try to get you right. That's all I can do man. I know them other apps cool but they ain't prize pics. You dig? Tap in if you watching my show or if you can't listen to, if you can't watch my show, you only can listen to my show then go to Apple podcast. Go Spotify. Type in the bubble do show boom now what's happening?


Shout out to all my people in Atlantic City. Shout out to all my people in Baltimore This past weekend week warns tour but this week I'm back home baby. This week I'm back home. Dream come true. Back in Ace Town Friday Night to center week warns tour. Me and Mike IPPs in the game Saturday night you can catch me in Dallas, Texas man we the ones man man I'm having, I had so much fun on this tour man. Learning the dudes, the don'ts, the the being in front of thousands of people coming from, from where I was coming from in front of a hundred to 200, 300 people at these little comedy clubs. But when you in the rings, you in front of thousands of people man.


And and the love I'm receiving from the folks I owe, I got all to God man and I appreciate the people my real fans have been pulling up. Shout out the SB pull up on me and be more. I just appreciate the love I tell anybody that too. And Rod appreciate you pulling up bro. Anybody that's a fan of mine and You know I'm coming to your city and you wanna pull up to a show, just reach out. I'll make it happen. 'cause I need that kind of love bro. And whoever said that 9 99, appreciate it from the bottom of my heart. I really do appreciate that for real. Appreciate it Brandon. What it do? I see you got the best group. Good all of 'em but I don't, I don't mess around though.


But all of 'em be group is every it be whole fuck group is hold everywhere. So if you ever, I mean you see I get you one of 'em whole I invite you back saying let you do your thing. High level. I ain't got nothing to do with that though. Yeah, how do your business do what you need to do? And that's what we on. I don't know the score right now on the, somebody tell me it's go on Golden State and the Rocket right now. Golden State up right now. Two one in that series. Let's see. I know Draymond would just, I love Draymond y'all, I don't know how y'all feel about Draymond Green but I love Draymond. I love that black ass nigga. Man. That nigga raw.


Like he don't give a damn. He in the huddle now. He doing everything 65, 60 day gonna say this is a good game but I just love everything about Draymond. What he bring the toughness And I just wish that's what my Lakers has some kind of motherfucking tough all them niggas over there. So man, all them niggas over there so old friendly. Oh I fall down, I'm gonna help you ass some type nigga. No nigga. Hey man you fall on your neck, you just fall on your damn neck bro. Over picking the nigga up and shit. Stop that nigga with a digs nigga. You with Nike, y'all come eating don't you help that nigga up. I love your twin but goddamn bro don't pick him up.


I'm not picking no nigga up on playing basketball again. Nigga if I knock you out, I knock you down nigga. Yeah so what? Yeah we gotta get As. Yeah we ain't got no sin. We ain't, we could have got one didn't get him so I don't know. I thought this death line up they got with LeBron and Finny Smith and Luca and ar and Ruit. They eh, that shit ain't working. Can't get no damn rebounds. That shit ain't working. JJ you wanted to get LeBron big ass risk third quarter two left you some shit. Your ass right young nigga. Four quarter God damnit you better be an AI robot getting out.


You spending a million dollar on your goddamn body poor quarter nigga you need to be playing like a AI robot now tell me I'm lying. I'm spending that kinda money on my goddamn body. Me, I spent 30,000 a year on, on on sex pills. Shit I ain't got to no more 'cause I'm on them roast board but before then so look what I was putting in into the sex pills Godda you and you died in the fourth. You can't score, you shake, you turn the God training you doing. I'm just being honest with y'all. I had LeBron kind of money.


I be in the same kind of shape that Russian was on lack, whether it was he was using steroids or what, that'll be me on the goddamn damn court to get. No I ain't ing y'all all night. Y'all know I'm telling y'all the truth and somebody hit me up too dude will you ever stop taking Rose boy? Hell no. Put it under your tongue. Your nigga gets out. Come here. Hell she looking at me. Oh you got that. Look your eye daddy and do and do come here now. My grandma ain't got no goddamn car. She want ride with me but she want to tell me how to drive Miss shut up and ride my goddamn car.


You wanna ride to the store? God you gonna go buy my rules. And I told my grandma by jumping in my car, well her little three point my grandma smoke weed for three point fives and shit. Lost it on us. I'm telling them who got the we Doug just snitch on your grandma and wheel and wheel. I gonna jail nipple. Y'all got people like that getting in your car, be trying to tell you how to drive. You got people in your car when you driving they they doing all this shit. Bitch get out, get out all that shit nerded me up all that, doing all that. Ooh, slow down now motherfucker. You want the ride.


I'm gonna give you a ride of your life. I'm gonna give you the ride of your life so no hell no. I ain't gonna stop taking real for hell no if you ain't already taking you need to get on if you need them. Get on. Are you diabetic niggas? Come here. Come here. Yeah you need some rest roast. I mean I can restore you come here No sport Rogers in trouble. Green gotta step. Yeah I don't know what's going on with green bro. He he hot and cold one night. He just go 38 the next night he'll go left nigga. What the fuck going on with you and Dre?


Dre ain't doing her damn job. She training a damn Dre fo it five and boy be fo too. God up off of him. He ain't going nowhere. Already got a baby behind. He ain't gonna no goddamn up off of him. I don't even know no more. I don't even know no more. I don't even know who the Cowboys drafted. Sorry motherfuckers. We ain't gonna be worth a damn again this year y'all. I'm gonna be honest. We ain't cowboy ain't gonna be worth a damn this year. We ain't. And I don't like how New York Giants talking about how Shado didn't do good on the interview.


Who cares? You didn't draft him. What the fuck is we talking about it for? Y'all keep saying he ain't this good but y'all sure gonna keep talking about him. Why for rape? Yep. He ain't this good. He ain't that good but you keep talking about it though. Let let me know right now you lying. July. I don't know Kanye steady talking. Appreciate that $2 Kanye. I don't man, I don't know man. Some my nigga get Kanye in medicine man at this point we done lost our brother. We need to restore our brother. It's not even funny. It's real talk.


We need to sit down and and have a therapy session with Kanye and let him get everything off his chest that he want to say and You know 'cause he need, he need us more than ever. It's not even funny bro. Like sometimes my brothers, I know I was talking shit but they just mean what I do entertain. But sometimes people be asking for help in the weirdest ways and I think Kanye is asking for help bro. And we need to be there for our brother. We need to help our brother. We need to show our brother love. We need to wrap our arms around him. Well y'all niggas can. I ain't gonna wrap my arms around nigga. I give nigga that shit because they know that nigga like to get on your knees and please you and this ain't one of them with me.


You know to each his own though because I know some of y'all like that. You know you say you ain't but when you was in jail you, you leg up with them niggas. Yeah you cuddling up real talk. Yeah, yeah. Calling your calling a pumpkin in, in my everything and yeah I heard about y'all niggas. Yeah, but brother Ye needs some love man. He need, he need, he need an exorcism to get the demons up off of him because them Kardashians boy they, they they, they take a toll on you bro. They show you so much shit. Motherfuckers the devil boy. They, they show you so much shit up to them hidden heels boy and boy they said that house smell like cat shit up there But, but, but, but but they got that fire and, and I be lying to y'all tell y'all I'll pass up on Kim KI won't.


I'm telling you I knock Kim Kay down the night. I kiss my kids on the cheek. Daddy love you but I got when you going daddy? Shit going to find y'all, y'all, y'all fixing find y'all another mama. Come here. Come here. You think I want shit when I we shit Kim Kardashian I even take the mama come here. Yeah I know you old. I know you ain't gotta buy four year left. Shit. Come here. Put me in that wheel. Come here be Rob. I'm putting your big fat funky ass out. Nothing. Finn gonna live off me and my baby no goddamn mo shit Rob Kardashian one.


Shit I heard you overweight God damnit you gonna lose it fucking with me but I'm your step, you getting your big ass outta your nle. You be walking no fat ass. My in my fridge and pop sugar and and fudge pop shooters all day. Bitch get your own spot. What's Kim Kardashian mama name? I can't think of it right now. I can't think of their name. Y'all let me know that woman name. I can't think of Kim Kardashian mama name. I know y'all gonna tell me Chris. Right. Come here. You ain't gotta worry about OJ shit. I'm the real one. Come here. OJ spelled backwards. What joke? I'm the real joke. Come here.


I ain't broke two of a mother fucking ass. I hope they nigga I Ms. Church hanging this root to to god damn Chris I'll make a gr nigga. Don't You know how go my dog will graduation with Chris Kardashian? Come here. Oh my god. She's too old for him. No she not them organs dying there between her leg still work. Come here. I that motherfucker in there cooking me spray ribs. I'm not bullshit. I'm real. Yeah that's me dog. How hell I introduced Chris Kardashian to chopped beef Noodle. Come here with the ladies who take a chip.


Don't stay East Texas style. Yeah we a Sprite. Come here can come here I turn, I turn Chris Kardashian ass out and what she won't do? Chloe will come here. I got something for Tristan Thomas. Big bad ass that put the laws in Tristan Thompson. Motherfucker line. Look Roger done reached out to me. Y'all talking about he wanted me up so he could forgive me for what I done to him. Lip never. Nigga you heard I'm selling out these motherfucker show nigga. That's what you hearing about Shit. No mama.


I ain't even know what that nigga shit. He better send me a letter. That's what he better do. Send me a letter. I'm I know, I know what I did. I know I told and I'm glad I told on that nigga. My first 48 episode is a classic. My first episode of my first four game episode with classic nigga. I got a NAACP on image award for snitching on that nigga. Come on nigga. I'm proud that got told on Roger. I take y'all into my other side of my house in my other room and show you my plaques for snitching. Nigga I'm gonna stand up Citizen and this nigga top my, all of a sudden he want to forgive me.


Shit that between you and God and your probation officer, nigga not with me because I seen your bad ass back. They not, I don't, I don't, I don't trust that nigga. He won to forgive me nigga. I gave you 40 years, 40 heels nigga. And you wanna forgive me. I wouldn't forgive me nigga. I know you trying to get even but you won't get even with me boy. I'm telling you nigga, you get the leak injection next time I'm done with you. I promise you that The job ain't done. I finish. You better leave me alone Roger. I'm not what you want. I'm not what you want Pam.


I'm not, I'm not gonna be riding riding Not, no, not going to my normal spots. 'cause you might be there. I'm not going all there. I'm not, I'm not scared. Don't not. It's my goddamn community. I call on everybody in the ish community. I and God I got a job to do. I'm going do. I am not scared no more. Y'all. I'm not. Y'all ain't gonna make me be scared man. I'm not. I'm I'm not the way I'm living right now. Rocking Diggy said no to the plea deal today. Shit. 'cause Diggy knows something. Diggy got money, Diggy got lawyers.


He fighting. I mean what else you want him to do? The top flight neighborhood watch. That's me. Your glasses back on Shannon. I thought with skip to on. Put your glasses back on milk. Well thank y'all watching tonight's show though. See y'all again tomorrow night. Peace and bliss them out. The Volume Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch.


Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.