
Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation.


With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other.


Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first box.


Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise The Volume. What's up everybody? It's your boy Bubba. Do man. Man, I'm, I'm at the crib tonight man. Big on the road, You know, doing these shows. New Orleans was crazy. Friday night last night was crazy in Alabama. Now I'm at the crib man You know I got to get it in. I know y'all been looking for me like I've been looking for y'all with where I'm back right now before I even, You know go into my dialogue. Go ahead and hit the like button right now.


Go ahead and hit the scribe button and when you do make sure you keep your notifications turned on 'cause you never know when I'm going to drop. I know y'all probably thought y'all was gonna gonna hear from me from tomorrow. Now look go. I'm here today because tomorrow ain't promised you. Damn right. I'm in one of them mood. I'm in one of them zones today. Y'all see them bad as Lakers. I've been quiet too. We on the row Frederick Dug. Look in the LeBron James I agro injury. God Luca came back today. Luca came back today and gave me 33 the same number as Jesus Come here looking like Jerry West.


Now y'all finally starting to see Luca getting in shape, drinking to water all that. He a vegan now you motherfuckers in trouble. SSON fired Jack got a over balling. Who knew Austin Reed would This motherfucking good. I thought he was ain but I ain't know the motherfucker was be Larry Bird there. I know, I know. Bubble Dub didn't get sick up here and say Austin Reed be Larry Bird. You damn like is. And I put they on all the rats in New York City Nickle. He done show me enough. See people will show you who they really are.


Ar really showed me what he can do now. Is he really be Larry Bird, bird now I'm just talking You know I gotta be respectful to my legends but let me just tell you something right now ladies and gentlemen. If Austin Reed keep up what he doing right now? He damn which damn so will be. And I know all my old head, my 70 babies watching these crack head motherfucker. I know y'all. You tripping dog sugar up. I'm telling you what the good Lord love God Larry Bird couldn't goddamn shit can jive right there. Couldn't pull back, couldn't Euro like James harden God he couldn't do it like that. He was playing against old badass Magic Johnson doing hook shots.


Motherfucker back then wasn't moving like these boy moving now. You know I ain't lying, I ain't taking nothing back away from the players back then but they ain't moving like these young niggas moving now boy I got pepper in this still that ain't different back then. A grown man going to a store a young and hey man let gimme some cigar man you better get your young ass home. Them young niggas will go home. Not no more. I went into the store last week came out, the young nigga told me I better bring him a cigar. Guess what I did Brought him my damn sick car not arguing with these young niggas calling me Unc.


I love him be called UNC These days. That shit don't bother me. I'm big unc. Nope like I'm Finn get my homeboy shit I put something on their young store you won. That young nigga got that switch and I ain't talking about the one that grow on trees either. I'm talking about the one that gonna put him but the Lakers beat up on the savage Tiger songs. Y'all always talking about all the help bro got. Let's talk about Cro her as Kevin Durant doesn't look like he lost seven steps. You got Bradley Savage, tiger Bradley Bill don't want goddamn sign that his titles nigga he smart that boy owe 50 million.


He's smart. He better not sign nothing because he won't get now Mother a a team with Bradley Bill. I mean Bradley Seale, Kevin Durant. Devin Booker them motherfucker 31 37. That means if they underachieving the thing sons is underachieving. Let's be real. Come on our team with three superstars like that, they supposed to be ahead of the pack but they not Instead they lost a goddamn Jerry West Luca dungeon. They Jackson Hayes after looking like God Jwan how when he was with Michigan.


Tell me I'm lying y'all I knew y'all weren't gonna be ready for me on this Sunday. God I knew y'all weren't gonna be ready for me. I knew I was gonna be ready 'cause I put $350 in the collection plate today. Come on And guess who ate chicken and rice the today after church? Me. Oh yeah when you pay your time they offend you real good at the church too. That cornbread muffin was heating and I don't know that woman that was in that goddamn red dress. I don't know your name but God I'm coming back to church again. Not for the word for you. I'm a manning and everything. I don't even know what pastor talking about. I got my eyes on the prize nigga.


I told you I see back, I hear God damnit I seen something today. I seen some goddamn fluffy and I won and I'm coming back. Real talk. But back to the gang, the Lakers did what they supposed to do. Luca had 33 11 rebounds, eight assist ar 28 46. Jackson Hayes had 19 big points. Vince gave us 15 points. I'm still not, I'm still not really just feeling Gabriel Vincent yet. A k Shammar Moore. He getting a ton of open shots and he's missing. You heard what Luca said? I ain't used to being this open. You ain't used to this kind of weird, this is a Nle we know call got the best bud.


They can talk all that Denver, Colorado, Oklahoma, Seattle, the Bay I love about trash damn street in trash. Nigga come to LA got this shit jumping them six, they got best. They gonna smoke the hydraulics off them goddamn Regals out there in LA nothing but God You loop and tacos And you I'm in line Samantha come here. Come here being his sons, you don mess around be a play in team mess around don't make it but what the Lakers is doing after C y'all in motherfucking trouble.


Ru ain't even playing y'all in trouble. I know y'all don't wanna say it. I know y'all don't want see it but the simple but the but but the facts of the facts local is getting healthy. LeBron over there on the bench growing problem. We ain't worried about that. I guess allegedly they said LeBron and and and Barry Bonds had a meeting. I don't know why but I, I don't know what what the meeting was about but I know some great things about to happen. Barry, Larry, LeBron together see some going down some good, something good about to happen And y'all know y'all can say what y'all wanna say about Barry Bun but he a Greg baseball player that ever lived.


Oh babe Woo never. And I put that on the goddamn four Locos on Babe Ruth used to drink too Babe Ruther a damn four Loko drinker. Y'all think y'all think them four Locos knew they ain't knew they were drinking that shit back in the forties. Boy. They say you give Babe Ruth a a a a foot long high dog and a four Loco shit. Three home runs a night. Y'all always talking about look babe Ruth wasn't number a damn drunk. Which y'all was the police. I pull his ass over after every goddamn game. Come here boy. You smell like alcohol.


I'm a ball player sir, I don't give a damn what you, you might be a ball player when you in uniform but when you ain't uniform you a regular C citizen. Now I'm gonna explain some things to you. Turn around, stretch your leg, hold your hands out. Anything you say king and will be used against you in the court of law Mr. Wolf. You understand these words I'm saying you, you will be giving the court law. You can't afford one. We will give you come here Lakers right now. 41 25 y'all man I'm so glad I been, I've been, You know I've been duck dodging y'all too 'cause them losses but they ain't know we could do about it. LeBron was out for two of them losses. Luca was out for one of them losses.


But what I'm seeing from the Lakers is is they got a chance. I said they couldn't go to the finals but just being realistically they got a hell of a chance to go to the finals. I feel like this year Denver don't wanna see me in the seventh game motherfucking series. I'm just being real now. That chin singer we got, he ain't been giving us nothing but but he in LA Right dam man we gonna take his ass on down. God damn on down Chris. I'll get him one of them marathon burgers and God damnit he gonna turn. Oh. Victory out it's victory lap season. Gotta get some shit outta my chest today. I'm so sick. And Tiger. You filter face asshole.


My baby mama don't do nothing when she take pictures and video. Ain't none goddamn filters. God forbid if she ever get kidnapped the police ain't gonna never find her because we don't know what the fuck she look like. No damn mo old filter face asshole. Yeah you look good in the club. Your skin look flawless but in real life you old chocolate, your face having an asshole. I wanna know the real you. I don't know. You know motherfuck mo yo your your skin ain't never shine like that before. You mean to tell me you over here shining like Mariah cab never Bitch you ain't got no glit on you but you on her cap.


Look at my skin y'all bitch you got skin like a snake without them, without that filter. You shedding skin. Ho stop it. IIII don't like the fakeness no more. I I don't God I'm flawed. See You know what I'm saying? I be having bumps every now and then on my faith. You don see me wearing no motherfucking filter. I am who I am. If you don like me God damnit, you just don't like me But I'm not gonna change. I'm good just the way the good Lord made me and some of y'all on here saying y'all love God but you a mother lie because you're having all these damn surgeries and God didn't give you that surgery did it. Hell no Dr. Miami did.


Guess what? When your ass broke can't walk and talk. Can't feed yourself that goddamn doctor somewhere on an island God living life. Some of you hold 33 God damnit can't even get out the bed without assistance. But you got a fat ass though. Stop it. It You know You know you ladies, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all I don't know say about y'all women 'cause y'all sugar prison. Y'all like man y'all I been praying to God y'all I been praying to God to send me to one and God done send you to one but hell he can't find the right motherfucking person because you gonna change your whole body face Ash you ain't even got no neighbors, You Motherfuckers eyes walking around him.


Keep going down there laying on y'all goddamn back. Let no folks call on y'all. You a goddamn biology shark and You know I ain't lying. That's what you is a biology shark And you white boy you steady running your ass down there in Africa 'cause you're fascinated by them crocodile but they can toast Steve ass up. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart so check All State first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability.


All State fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates North Brook, Illinois. When It's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience.


So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. 'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop.


So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive. The hatchback that took you cross country and back and the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust Amica Auto Insurance Amika empathy is our best policy.


Do you hear me Steve? Hey talking around down out that shit look good on you too. Discovery channel Man shit I wouldn't mind going out there and safari it. Goddammit go. You won't be coming back. I bet you that you won't be coming back. Fuck around with them. Salt salt, wild cracker die. Shit say you. That motherfucker got the spin and everything on Steve. Only thing left was his goddamn ring finger. Ain't there some ring. See say what y'all want say about those black folk. We ain't dumb. We ain't going out there fucking with them lines and none of them.


What them We ain't doing that Bitch we in the truck. We in the Jeep give a damn how high it is. We got the windows up, we not fucking around. I thought what God animal God got them crazy ass animals after for a reason. You white boys get fascinated. Y'all get hard on to go out there. We wanna go hunt a line. We want the king God damnit. Then when you go out there and hunt the king, he turn your ass up. Now y'all got a man hunt for a goddamn line. Do you hear me? Y'all got a manhunt for a goddamn line. It's is absolutely diabolical And you think the good Lord gonna let you out into heaven just playing this behavior down here.


Oh God got a plan for you motherfucker. He got a plan for you white motherfucker. He got a plan for you black motherfucker. He got a plan for every part. You think you getting away with this shit down here but you ain't gonna get away with it up there. I know last night my whole went out and gave another nigga head while I was in the bed. God damnit my stomach was hurting. Not because what I eat because I was starving but somebody I was starving for a love. But somebody gave my this some meat last night. Yeah they gave a SAS berry steak. It's all god damn good though. I know they gave a bury state. I don't give my whole sad bury state like that. I don't. I give her a corner sign out but I'm a real player player.


Don't hate the game. I'm blowing her motherfucking tho up. She wasn't answer. It's all good but I leg in that god damn big and I prayed to God. I say Lord heavenly father, I can't stop nobody for what they do. But Lord please let a pain come across that man penis. Let a pain come across this whole head. I'm talking about migraine. Heavenly Father let a sickness come upon her mother and father. Heavenly Father. Woo Lord let, don't let her parents fall ill right now because what she doing out there ain't right. I'm just telling y'all my truth for tonight. What I prayed for. I know I'm wrong but God damnit sometimes I don't wanna be right Ladies, you gonna lost your motherfucking place out here in The world now when your man tell you be quiet, shut your motherfucking mouth.


You letting pride get in the way of junior excelling through school. Now I done got this motherfucker in the charter school. What is in public school? He now he 18. He's 17. He can't read and write. I get him over God it now He read not loud in front of the class now. Yes he might be a chat in the hat book but god dammit. It is progress. It's progress. So when a man talk And you in a relationship, shut your motherfucking mouth. God forbid I can't put no hands on a woman 'cause that ain't what I do. But I'm thinking it. Oh I'm damn so thinking in my mind Bow. But I know a man ain't supposed to hit a boy so I won't.


But you can't stop me from thinking that though. Do you hear me? I'll be I'll beat your mother and I know I won't but that's what I say 'cause I'm trying to get my porn across. See that's the thing goddamn don't, don't use force, just use your mouth out man. We fall victim when you hitting them you can't hear 'em. And I know some of them motherfuckers drive y'all crazy. I know some of 'em spit on you and hit you. It make you more hit but you can't do it. You got to walk away from them hoes boy. Because women These days they think toxic is is like a zodiac sign. That's a red flag hole if you toss it, you trash sitting up here worrying goodbye.


Who I'm talking to? Motherfucker. You need to be on YouTube God learning these food recipes and god damn cooking for me because that's what you need to be doing. And all you vegan motherfucker running around here. You ain't doing nothing but being hungry nigga. I'm vegan. Bet you hungry. Oh that I'm eating healthy but you still eating as though nigga stop. You ain't even gonna be or you gonna go continue eat Ash Now how many one now how many people gonna stay vegan Ain't gonna be that men I can guarantee you they right. God Now everybody making moves in the NF NFL Cowboys ain't done a motherfucking thing.


Went out here and signed old ass mile miles sound or something. Bitch they ain't the bat you ain't none of them Sounders. But y'all don't go out. Never. I don't give a damn about Jerry Jones being old. I don't give a damn how much money you got. You can't buy common sense. You can't buy common sense. Man. You know some people right now in your life right now around you smart than motherfucker. But they dumb down a box of fucking rocks. Do you hear me? Dog DA box, box of rocks. Everybody else making moves. Reagan's making moves man watch the commanders got better bringing in Deebo selling.


Who get the motherfucking cowboy brand in another sponsorship. N Well that's the fans we suffer because you got retarded motherfuckers like me coming on this show wanting to defend the Cowboys each and every year. And I don't know why my dumb ass do that but I do that because I'm a cowboy for life. I guess I like pain because that's what they do. They get you up, get you high, then they bring you down real low. That's the dollar cowboy for you. Every year the motherfuckers trickles. Except last year I knew them motherfucker wasn't going to do nothing. That showed me week three. We wasn't, when we lost to the Saints, we wasn't gonna do a motherfucking thing.


King got teams that besides the Eagles, they really ain't have to make no moves. They let slide go motherfucker bye. I got some young motherfuckers over here gonna take your spot nigga you can go, you can go up to to Pittsburgh with Mike Tomlin and dk. They still ain't got no motherfucking quarterback up there Pittsburgh. Who A quarterback Pittsburgh. Who y'all gonna get a ride? Huh? You gonna get older than a Rob. Shit go bad goddamn. He gonna put the blame on you. Now if I was y'all to be honest, I'd go, I'll call Atlanta Falcons. If I'm the Pittsburgh Steelers I'll call Atlanta Falcons and tell them gimme me goddamn cousins. That goddamn white boy thrive up there in they cold as Pittsburgh weather. Ain't no niggas playing that weather.


Only that white boys been having a survive up there. Ell Stewart couldn't do it either. What happened when they get goddamn out? I don't know the word no. Big Ben. Big Ben went up there and got damn Pittsburgh and got off on the field and out the field he got off. Now that might go over your head but for the real one to know what I'm talking about, God damnit do preaching today, shit Burg ain't got nothing else to lose. I done got all the money. Go get Kirk cousins something like Tony what the hell you waiting on? Big B ain't walking through them doors no more. Jerome Bes ain't walking through them doors no more.


Levion Bell ain't walking through them doors no more. Levion Bell walking into a boxing ring now he a boxer nigga boxed himself right out the goddamn league. K y'all. I don't remember Levion Bell one was one of the best running backs in the game at the time man. To see the way that man exited from the NFL is it's fucking sad man. But that's how the NFL is though man. You can't be one of no one that's gonna talk that talk and be rah rahs. You gonna be quiet in this motherfucker. But the game done shifted man It ain't, it ain't the same no more.


It just not man. Like I don't know man. Like I always say man maybe it it is money, it's too much. It's money driven man. Lack of politics in this shit. And You know once us fan realize that shit the better off we will be. But man these folks don't give a fuck about us. These folks all about that money man. That's all they about. You don think Jerry Jones know that we sick at Tiger his old wrinkle ass shit and he don't give a damn. He gonna keep going to the game and his helicopters and God he gonna kiss pockets gonna keep getting fat and foul. It's a game. It's all entertainment to them. I just play right along with that shit. That's all you do. Just play right along with that shit.


Don't put your all and faith in no damn football team. You gonna put your faith in something. You better put it in God don't you Put your faith in man. Man gonna let you down every time. It ain't what your was, it's what your is. See the Cowboys won four, five rings in their lifetime. Maybe six total. But it ain't what they was. It's what they is today. Let your past continue to hunt you. We all used to do things we ain't proud of but it's how you move forward. It's how you progress. Yeah see they don't like to talk. See that's why they love showing us all these dope movies and yeah show you how to sell dope and show you how to go out and meet plugs and shit.


All the entrapment man. Yeah we used to get, You know what I'm saying, we used to get excited by the dope dealers. Where we from in our neighborhood, we we idolized the dope dealers. Yeah man I wanna be just like them when we didn't have people around us to tell us nah you don't wanna be no dope dealer young nigga, you want to go to school and get an education. You can be a lawyer or a doctor or whatever it is. But you don wanna be a drug dealer. See we come from that. We didn't have nobody to tell us no better because God damnit didn't nobody tell them but that's why they put all these dope movies on TV now so we can glamorize that shit. So some of us sitting at the crib ain't got nothing going for us here. We gonna take the easy way out. We won sell goddamn dude. Oh God damn.


Damn never. I'm telling you you ain't gotta do that. I'm telling you right now, get you a motherfucking education. Get you a trade. You ain't got to sell dope to get money man. Now for ones who out there doing it get your motherfucking money. I mine my business. I'm a real one. I don't judge. I don't have no heaven or no hell don't put nobody in. So however you get your money, you get your motherfucking money. But if you're smart, you want do it the legal way. Yeah. Even if you in the gang right now And you get that money And you cleaning the money yo. Now I'm, I got a class on that too. I'm charging $300 hour.


God damnit. If you want to stay on the streets you better get with me. That's all I'm saying. If you wanna be free I'll take three. Yeah I personally I think anybody young but them some goddamn fools going in them and around all them goddamn killers and God. 'cause I'm trying to prove a point. I ain't throwing ly God porn. I'm gonna have a goddamn is an edge up in that fucker. That's it. Motherfucker killing theyself out here trying to work out. I gotta get me a six pack. The only six pack I got is in my motherfucking refrigerator ring. Come here. Fuck a six pack bitch. I'm good.


Damn about having no abs. Abs in my muscles. Bitch I got money in the bank Charlie. What you think girl? I got money in the bank. Might not me much. Maybe $300 all I got in that motherfucking account. But here my eyes, that's all I got is 300 in my goddamn account and I'm happy. I'm like them hoes, I got $300, I got a 3.5, I got a little money. Might even go get me a sip. Come here, I'm gonna go go pop and get that su you so wink come what the yeah with the beans and rice.


Go with it. Come here. I show you. Have a good time boy. I will show you how to enjoy life coming from where I'm coming from, coming from. Some of y'all come from shit. You better enjoy this shit. Why? You can 'cause it don't last long. How y'all feeling today Chad? Some of y'all go to church today. I can't go but I put my money in the play like I told you did. Come here, put my money, she gave my mama $350. Put that money in church. God damnit. I went up there and got me a plate. One you won Will God will provide for you if you let him.


If you can sit back and get out the way and let God guide you. Because sometimes we can't. We stubborn. I'm talking to myself. I'm not talking to none of y'all. Sometime I get sidetracked by the evilness and the luster for things out here now. And I do and I do. But if you get live God to come in your life and guide you, everything you, you praying and praying for Will will be there. Sometimes you, You know, power of the tongue man. You can, you can speak things into, into existence. I used to tell myself like I told y'all last week, man I'm gonna be performing with Mike Hill one day I got done there. I remember coming outta la me and my partner solo, we was downtown and, and at the Hollywood Improv, I had went out there one time like maybe been like two and three years ago I had to do the improv on an open mic.


You know I'm coming from Texas and they made me go up first. I wasn't tripping. Went up there and went up first did my thing come outside. Corey Holcomb was there. I'm like man, one day I'm gonna be performing with Cory Holcomb. But now nigga I'm performing with Cory Holcomb, check out to my bro. He gonna come on the show. I'm gonna go on his show, show. Get ready for Cory Holcomb to come on here real soon. But what I'm saying to you, man, you can speak things into existence. Do you hear me? The tongue is powerful. I'm talking about, I'm talking about nighty. Ain't nothing you can't do, ain't nothing in this world you can't do. Man. You can do it. Put your faith in God. Everything will come to you. I promise you that.


I'm a live witness living testimony. Not only me, I'm seeing other men out here thriving. I'm seeing other women out here thriving, doing they mother fucking thing. And guess what? I'm in the background. Happy clapping. I ain't gotta be seen God damn all the time. I like to see other people shine too. This shit ain't about me when I'm dead and gone, somebody else gonna be doing this shit. Do you feel me? Somebody else gonna be doing this when I'm dead and gone. So we, you gotta have that mentality, You know what I'm saying? Like enjoy it, enjoy it. Why? I'm like, right now I'm on this tour, I'm, I'm soaking this shit in that I'm that I'm doing and everything I said I was gonna do before I got on this tour, I'm doing it like I'm not holding back.


I'm giving nigga all I got on that motherfucking stage, shout I to the people that's paying they hard earned money to come out here and see me do my thing. And goddammit, I'm putting on a show, I'm putting on a show man. And it feels good because why I come from, I come from a lot of doubt some of y'all watching Know what I'm talking about man. No matter what you do for something people, it ain't good enough man. You go out and get you a brand new truck man. Why you get dick truck man? Why you get that? Why you get the Escalade bitch? I can't afford it right now, but when I man, I'm going to get it.


That's what they used to say to me. Why you get that gun? Why you get out bitch, I can do what I want now. I ain't want nothing. I'm trying to stack this shit up and build some shit for us. We can come through and record and do our movies and create our own Hollywood shit. You know what I'm talking about? That's my mind frame on. 'cause you can't take this shit with you when you don. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds.


You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously.


Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other.


Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going and the four walls that welcome you home. When you combine auto and home insurance with Amica. We'll help protect it all. And the more you cover the more you can save Amica.


Empathy is our best policy. Oh it's a lot of selfish motherfuckers in The world. They won't tell you that. There's a lot of motherfuckers magging you right now because you doing what you doing. You feel like you ain't doing nothing. You just doing your thing. But a lot of people mad 'cause you doing what you do. But they get mad 'cause they can't do what you do. I gonna tell y'all some real shit. It's a lot of people in this world funny than a motherfucker. They sit back, they get on the internet, they'll talk shit in the keyboard. Oh man you ain't funny. Oh man I can do this.


You think you can get on that motherfucking stage in front of 5, 10, 15, 20,000 people make 'em laugh nigga. Go right ahead. If you think you can do standup, go and do it. Nigga, back people some of the toughest motherfuckers to please. They wanna boo you. Do you hear me? They want shit. Go and do it. It's a lot of niggas want your fight right now. A lot of niggas want your woman because she bad or however your woman look. They want, oh nigga You know niggas be lusty out. The girl who I want you want this goddamn damn mental patient.


Yeah she look good and fine but this bitch crazy. This bitch craving god damn burgers and fries at three 30 in the goddamn morning. You going to get your sire ass up and go get 'em. Hell no you ain't so do you really want this motherfucker even when she on recycle she still wanna give it to me. Do you want this nasty good mother do you won careful what you ask for? It's a lot of things out here we say we want and we ain't ready for. That's another subject for another day. Yeah we gotta get back to playing our roles. We ain't playing our roles no more y'all. Yeah the roles don't reverse.


The women want to be their niggas now. The niggas want to be the women. Do you understand what I'm saying? You you got women dressing up as niggas. You got men dressing up as women. You got real people, real niggas who say they real niggas but behind closed doors they tooting they ass up in the air and sucking they thorn. Nigga come right back out here in the streets and try to shoot and beat a nigga up. But you in there letting her beat your motherfucking gut something. Nigga come your name ain't Larry no more. Beat your name Laia. Think about a nigga out here beating you up. Boop boop boop. Go home and got your leg behind his neck.


What dag That's a dangerous motherfucker if you ass me. Probably some nigga watching the show right now. Man that nigga dug crazy. Motherfucker. Two hour leg got laid behind his back. Old girl going down through that. I don't want him that's going on. But guess what? That's your motherfucking business. I can't judge you 'cause you like to take that meat. Not me, but what you do is what you do. But be careful ladies. If you're watching this show, quit bringing your kids around these nickels. Huh? Quit bringing these kids around.


Your niggas. Everybody ain't who they say they are. You hear me? Being honest fellas. You got dogs like me. Protect them. Talk to him. We ain't sitting no other nigga laps. We ain't sitting in. I don't let my kids sit in my lap. We ain't sitting in pow pow laps. We not doing none of that shit. You wear them little dresses a little kid. You got some goddamn shorts up under there. I'm from the old school. I don't pay that. And you And you better let your baby mama don't give a damn about your new boyfriend how good it is about your car put you in the house. I don't give a damn. He better not be holding my goddamn daughter. I know that or somebody gonna be holding his goddamn mama bow and I do mean it be some slow singing flower bringing woo God ripped down.


And I'm only gonna say this shit once and I want y'all to listen to me right now. This show is being presented by prize picture. Do you hear me? Type in my promo code trash. I know you're gonna see the commercial on your tv. God damnit I'm everywhere. But we gonna give that to the good man up above. But back to this though. You put $10 in, they going give you 50. Oh yeah. Oh your basketball season. Baseball season We cranking up. We heating up like popcorn. Yeah at the movie Diego. We popping new. Yeah. Betting more or le less on your favorite player man. So if you watching this show And you trying to make you some money, man hear me out. Go to prize pitch. Type in my promo called Trash with the two Hs.


Make sure it's with the two Hs. Go in and do that for me. If you can't watch this show, you can listen to this show. Go to Apple Podcast and go to Spotify. Type in about bubble Do show and download it. Man we doing big things on this show. We growing over here. I'm seeing the chat. The chat growing. Y'all in here chopping it up. God damn I'm feeling good. I'm on this tour. I'm kicking ass on this tour for the people gonna came out there and see me. They'll tell you I'm kicking ass on this motherfucking tour. Man ain't gonna feeling good. Mike Epps giving me great, everybody's giving me great advice. But when you get it from somebody like Mike IPPs, Corey Holcomb, Tony Roberts coming to you and telling you young man. Yeah, yeah nigga. Yeah you him.


You know what I'm saying? You get to like motherfucker. Right. I'm him. How You know what it took for me to get him? God dammit I'm I I got, I got more levels to go. What you say? I got more levels to go ni. I'm just burning and scratching the surface. Bitch I'm the ocean. I'm gonna take you to the dumps. I'm a goddamn shark. That ain't god damn being on God on here watching this show for your show. We call a hell no segment. He know And you, You know what I'm talking about.


And that's what we do. We spoil the hell not segment people send me notes or send me questions and ask me how do I feel about this. And I'll let them know if, if it is hell or all or not, what's this shit they asked me today. Oh yeah this when somebody hit me up when folks be hitting me up bubble duh man I'm trying to come to your show. Can you gimme me some free tickets? Hell no nigga you buy, you buy you some tickets nigga not giving you nothing because you really want to come see me. Goddammit, you a purchase them And you purchase some tickets like I told you And you hit my DM and I see it. I mean you hit my dm, I'm gonna see that. But if you, if you sending me emails, I won't probably won't see them emails because I don't check my email like that. But if you hit my DM and I can feel the vibe from you that you are a real Bubba Dove fan, I will bring you backstage for me.


That's real talk. Buy them tickets man. Come see me perform man. And if you really a fan, you a dm. Hey bro, I'm gonna be in the city. Me and my girl, me and my partner, we would love to come back, stay chop it up with you right quick. I'll make that happen. I honestly got, I'll make that happen And you just might show happen. Might be able to see Mike Corey, the rest of the crew. Just never know who gonna be backed up man. But it's always genuine love for me from the bottom of my motherfucking heart because I didn't have nobody to do this shit for me. But I want to be the one to do it for y'all. That's what it's about. Y'all the reason why I'm in this motherfucking child besides the good lord y'all The reason why I'm doing what I'm doing now 'cause of the cure, the the love y'all showing.


We going to see Bubba dos. My guy got that. Y'all gonna raise your mom in this position right here. And I'm forever thankful and grateful for that shit. So while I'm right here, God damnit, I'm gonna show out for y'all. Do you hear me? You got a couple dollars in your pocket. You done took your girl out to eat, kids got clothes, your shoes and everything. Good God damnit. Get home. Put the kids in the bed. Take look your big ass girl in your eye, in the eye. 'cause she probably done gained weight and that's okay. Tell her, show out for me. Show out for me like you wore five years ago when you used to wear that goddamn little red dress. You can't fit that motherfucker no more. You going bust out opening that. But I remember, I remember when you used to climb up on top of me.


Come here now. I don't let your big ass climb on top of me 'cause I won't be able to breathe. But all you got to do is put that scarf on your motherfucking head 'cause you got your hair and I don't wanna fuck it up 'cause I don't wanna give you the money again to pay for it again. But lay on your motherfucking bag. I'm talking about lay on your mother fucking bag, cut your phone off. I'm about to run through you for about 12 minutes. You got damn right. Damn right. That's what I'm doing now. And I want all my motherfucking trail riders out there in The world to know right now, today, especially where I'm from, east Texas, ato, Texas. I'm coming to a goddamn trail ride. I done just bought me a big as class. They goddamn horse.


I'm gonna give him a blue two and then I'm gonna take me a Bluetooth and we ride down. I ditch slang it. Dude, we slanging in there. Thank y'all for watching. Bubble Do Show. I love y'all. God Peace me. Listen 'em out. The Volume. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability.


Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk.


Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com.


Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase Necessary. VG W Group vo were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.