
Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck on the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I'll call upon you to do a service for me. Play The Godfather now at chupa casino do com. Welcome to the family, no Purchase necessary VW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJs got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff With PayPal I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time.


What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on, you hear don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal Dot com. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card.


Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report. At Amica Insurance we know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going and the four walls that welcome you home when you combine auto and home insurance with Amica will help protect it all. And the more you cover the more you can save Amika. Empathy is our best policy. The Volume.


Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Jay got them. Y'all see Floyd? I told y'all one road. Y'all see Floyd? Damn the champ. Pick the like button the subscribe wasn't you? I know you could be somewhere else but God it somewhere else ain't heard of y See I see what motherfucker say in the camp and for the ones who wanna be here, God damnit damn local God cow, God damn local.


It's saving the Lakers right now. And you hearing this from me a big LeBron James fan. If it wasn't for local, God damnit we lose it. Stop the My Hole in Minnesota ass tonight. God Local came through with 30 morning and we need every big and he was playing GFIs tonight. Nickle. That's why that goddamn earthquake happened last week up there in LA because they knew Lu was gonna play defense tonight. Deep. It's one more when you big bag as Ws at tonight you was in the chat talking shit Ws and five Woos and said Nigga you locked.


That's what you did. You lying. We was up 22 on that scrap medal. They came back. Ain't gonna lie, they made some shots. Hey they got the game kind of close. But let me just say this tonight. Some bro playing like Robuck playing. This motherfucker heard. I'm think his head gas get blown bro. Overheating. I know he don't look one singing this shit. I know he 40, I get it but goddammit, I ain't got time for none of this shit. Ruit stepped up tonight. I appreciated Papa left points from Ruit.


We got 21 from Run, 31 from local. We got 16 from Res and we got six from Vincent. We got seven from Fingers Smith I'll take it. But as a Laker fan we got to play better than what we played tonight. We supposed to win. We supposed to won by 30. We ain't supposed to warn by 30 tonight and we didn't. But I'm gonna take this win now. Julius Round came out the night and Ball, he had 27. Aunt Man had 25 but it was the other people that we didn't let gig off like they got off in game one. I told y'all nah Reed wasn't gonna shoot like that no more. I told y'all McDaniel wasn't gonna shoot like that no more. But y'all didn't wanna listen to me.


Y'all didn't wanna listen to me. Y'all didn't wanna listen. Goddamn Vick you when he told y'all y'all got to pay the to when you see we got to get you and take you. How y'all feeling tonight? I'm feeling real goddamn good. It when? When we going back to Minnesota and we going kick ass ball ho steroid a lake and five new. Why y'all keep showing a rod? I don't wanna see that steroid use. I don't give a damn by him. I want the team. He a steroid use me. He'll Cheatle. I don't like Chiles. It's like s you look like winners.


We don't like Chile. A Rod Cheatle, he cheat game Get Chile the game now. That's a whole lot of shit going on in the world today then. And we gonna talk about it. I'm not holding shit back but I had to get that Laker shit off my chest first personally I had to get it off my chest and yeah I'm feeling real goddamn good about this wind. I take it now let me move my, let me let, let me ship gears for a minute. Pacers beat the bucks. Yep. Damn. Two. Oh yeah Doc Rivers need to be five. Yeah Doc Rivers been holding on to that. That damn one ring for forever.


Doc Rivers just ain't a damn good coach if you ask me. That's all I'm saying. Yep. You down two Oh to the Pacers. Yeah you going back home to Milwaukee. But that ain't the same Milwaukee team to me. If you ask me some young is doing what he do but I don't know what Lila doing. I don't know what Lila doing. No damn. I know he hurt coming back from an injury but they ain't gonna get it. Kyle Cosman, he had a bounce back game but other than that I see the Pacers winning this series and six REAL TALK. I see Indiana Pacers winning this series in six. That's just what I see. And Lord please, Lord please take Memphis off TV please.


Now y'all seen goddamn what the Memphis, this a travesty going on down now. I love Ja. I love him to death like Jackson too but blank. They know God damn competition for Oklahoma right now. You got shy, you got William, you got she over there, you got Luke th God damnit. They got everybody down there in Oklahoma and I mean everybody, they blowing Memphis ass out the You know Sick up three six mafia.


God damnit. Where you at? Got it. What nigga go real money back Yo God damnit come here. I ain't seen no shit like this but I gotta talk about the elephant in the goddamn room today. KANYE West been sucking dick through the wire. Yeah he been sucking dick through a while. He been sucking dick since an adolescent all the way to a teenager. Well you been sucking me you, that's why you acted the way you acted KANYE. You been sucking me Nick and y'all thought I wasn't gonna say nothing about this shit.


The boy, the boy need help. That boy admitted the sucking his cousin me from six to 14. Damnit that's eight motherfucker. You been out there circle. You can't tell me now that you ain't been sucking heels. I don't give a damn what you say? Lemme find out you was up there in them heels with Kaitlyn. Jim Ni telling Kim to go ahead and go to bed. I'm gonna stay up and write music. You really writing with Kaitlyn. Nick sucking dick through a why and you enjoyed it because you didn't tell nobody about it either.


No. Now you coming out now want some sympathy. I beat damn I young. You fix everybody in now you get your short bald head and as down here and help our good brother KANYE. He been on his knees and he wasn't friends. Don't y'all understand KANYE wrote Jesus won. Man is amazed. The man really been through a wire. He was sucking wire. You other hoes could never you, you hoes could never. And I know y'all laughing and and KANYE but the man is he he sad man he gone out bad and now his cousin that who allegedly meat he was sucking was in jail now for murdering his pregnant girlfriend.


He done ask the good lord forgive him other sins. Hopefully now you done brought up these goddamn allegations. Now he gotta walk the yard knowing that you used to make KANYE sucky meat come on dog. So every time KANYE went over big fam house, he was sucking meat and let and let the sugar boys I understand it now. His behavior. I understand it now. I understand it now. I good. Our brother, our brother he made ye, he made Yeezus jump over the jump man do you understand me?


He made Zy jump over the jump man this man has been sucking me. Why ladies watch your children. Remember I always say you can't bring your children around anybody and it ain't just boyfriends and your older homegirl you gotta watch around they cousins as well because this type of shit could be going on. You got nickles getting children to pleasure them. That's what we doing now. Huh? That's what we doing now.


It's sad man that that man went through that KANYE ain't the only one been sucking meat. He might have been sucking it through the wire but you got other people out here sucking it through the window. Damn. I'm pretty sure there's somebody right there getting their meat sucked through the window. They go wow, do sweat mouth make all you. That's all I'm saying. We got to be more careful. We got to be more observant to our surroundings for our children. They're being played with ladies, I know you wanna bring this nigga home.


You've been moaning. You know what I'm saying? You've been moaning. This nigga got money you wanna bring him or you wanna bring him. Show him out to your home girl. Then you want, I'm gonna run to the store, get some groceries and leave this pedophile ass nigga around your kids. You can't do it. You can't do it ladies. You can't do it. You can't trust these niggas. They taking advantage because they getting, they getting tell told no out here in the streets from the whole but they go get these children and and and and brainwash em man brainwash em from six to 14. I brother KANYE was sucking dick.


Not enough money in the world, nigga billionaire. But he can still remember I did taste. That's s me that I, I'm vexed. I'm quite Beed right now. That poor man dealing with turmoil. His favorite head sucker left him. Yeah, Kim left him. See Kim remind him of him. See he was trying to teach Kim. He was trying to do it for Kim. That's why Kim got a body little baby. I know that a sick deranged motherfucker you were dealing with.


Yeah, I I I see why you got outta there baby? I see. Holler me Kim. You know throw it too shit. All of them shit except for Kaitlyn. The rest of y'all come here. KANYE didn't wanna act Right. Come here. Tristan. Thomas didn't wanna act right. Come here. Lamar didn't wanna act. Right. Come here Damnit. I see I'll be a Kardashian Doug Kashian you got. Damn right we could start our own show. I get this shit right. I'll be a first nigga That barbecue. You damn right. All this finger fool shit. All this caviar never you get them goddamn booga links over Kim you ain't even bad kid.


Your kid my kid. We family now Road dogging first night too. You damn right. Let's get this in right now. You ain't gotta get no artificial semen in you. You gonna get this REAL TALK. You think I won't walk Kim Kardashian to my church? You a motherfucking lie. My mama could be sitting on the front row your ass down. You see what I got Cookie Kim k I'm your mama. I don't give a who you is I Kim K you gonna show hustle some god damn respect around him or a fight don't really go quit to fight a woman, a nigga.


I'm scared but a woman. I'm ready to get dying in there but I ain't gonna do nothing 'cause I don't touch women. But I wanna put that fear in this whole heart. I put fear in my mama heart. I wish you would disrespect Kim Kardash to fight is on. I'm ready to fight brothers and sisters, whoever don't like it, I get down for mine and don't forget I got my body going. Kim got server body going now. Do what we hey. Yeah I do. Big boys Kim got they real money. Kim got that kind of money that got hide of you. It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment.


But a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply Every day. Our world gets a little more connected but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident.


Don't Worry, we'll get you taken care of. At Amica we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amica Empathy is our best policy. Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com.


Equal housing opportunity. Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home. Out indecision, overthinking. Second guessing every choice you make in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done. Out beige on beige on beige in knowing what to do, when to do it and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today. The fight is on. If my mama disrespect Kim, I'm not bullshitting y'all tonight. I'm telling you what guy I love.


I bull lie it. You nasty. Some of you paying 25,000 for a cheap. You a nasty boy. But we gonna get out this situation. No we gonna get this one. She tried to get you but we gonna get out this one just we ain't dealing with no more Gabrielle's. We dealing with Cynthia your nigga. Come on, we on. I know the money been good and You know motherfucker coming nowhere. Turn, flip roll playing cops and robbers. You see where he gets your uncle in a he trouble. They have to hit you. We gonna get but no more motherfuckers no trouble. Go back to the sus, get your back down Cynthia Man And little and you gonna be good.


Gotta keep it one. Oh on this show I can sugarcoat a motherfucking thing. I read the message, I heard the audio. The audio has been edited. I know edited when I hear it. I swear now anytime a woman takes you, I want a big black never bitch. Who? Your grandfather talking to me like that. I want a big black baby. Never. You'll adopt that motherfucker. It won't be for me. That girl been trying to set you up for the longest dog. Ain't much game as you give everybody else you can't see that. Come on baby. We got to be smarter than that. I'm rock with you. But you going have to get some sisters behind you though.


Jail. Call them activists and all them motherfucker dying. Call them up. Tell them you need em. Tell em you're sorry you've been neglecting the black women but God said you wanna come on back home. They gonna talk shit for two or three days but your money long come in bro. Come on you hungry. Know how no sisters here. You nasty. Sorry. Some gonna be but come on in. You hungry. Take a shower. My last boyfriend left some clothes. Y'all about the same. Si go in and take a shower and put on some of his clothes. I'm gonna get in here and cook you something. See we got forgiven sisters just like we got a forgiven God Do you hear me? We got forgiven.


God you want God to forgive you but you don't wanna forgive your homegirl or your homeboy for wrong. Forgive them. He ain't say forgive. He say forgive them. But then y'all run. Y'all nosy crazy as right to church. Oh I love God. You ain't never seen that man up above. But you done seen your cousin, your sister and your brother every day. But you don't like them. You don't love them but you love a man. You ain't never seen cow. What the Bible say? He don't say cow but they say what I kept saying. I'm saying cow. So I'm telling you right now on come on back home baby some real sisters out him that looking for a real good man.


You about 60. You on your motherfucking way out nigga. I see You know you talking about these young women, these young girl keep you young. They keeping your ass broke. That's the truth of it man. If you in here dating an older woman right now to my uncle got a 24-year-old right now. Shit. She thought frankly Beverly was some goddamn cologne. Do you hear me? My aunt dating a 24-year-old. She thought frankly Beverly was some cologne. Get your young ass up outta him. Got to come back home baby you got to come home. Back home these days man.


You get rough out here. They doing everything they can to tear us down but we won't fall. We won't break baby. We won't be in. Why? Because we we serve a mighty god. But that devil be working. He be sending them young motherfucker like he sent to you too uncle. She ain't no working now you in there working now you taking your protein. She taking her protein. You getting in your nine BMW. She getting in her red ass Honda. She watching you. She know. She acting like she didn't know who you was. Shit girl got your whole resume. She know who you were and she played her motherfucking part jail. She know you looking at them goddamn ya. You was sobbing at the mouth. Mm When you walking there with your dog holding your dog.


Your dog. You were doing it though. She saw it and she took advantage. I don't like it. Your day coming Gabriel. Your god tape coming got my aunt got her apologizing on tv. He ain't did nothing wrong but hit them cheeks. That's all. He ain't did nothing wrong but we live in the world now. Ain't so sensitive. You say somebody done something to you now everybody looking at you sideways and your name ain't even Paul And I saw that. I'm getting this booty I saw that's his business Uncle Freak uncle Fred uncle. His booty that's his business ain't mine.


I can have my before too. And I enjoy it and I ain't enjoyed it. She ain't stick nothing up in there but to come when she did it to me. Guess what I told the dude again. I won feel like that again. I make me feel like Hall Berry can you feel good? Let me feel good. And She she did that to me. I beat her in the bedroom from now when you got them right. I'm the first one to take a shower too. Camille goddamn right. When she come into the room the kids already asleep baby. For real. Damn right. Those locks and everything Camille, they got them tongue on me.


Put me to sleep again. Say I ain't know my leg raised up like that. They were raised up. I was holding my own damn legs. Don't y'all, don't you judge Do I don't judge y'all. We family. I'm just telling you what I go do in my bedroom. We family. I'm saying I'm holding on damn nature now. That's what I'm telling you. I'm just saying Just I gotta keep it 100 with y'all. I can't come on here and lie to y'all. Y'all want the truth.


I'm gonna give it to you now when I give it to you digest it. This show being presented by pics in case you didn't know. Yeah download my promo code trash with the two Hs. I'm want a night two. I'm kicking they ass. Yeah more or less on your favorite player. I told you you running around here how you ain't got no money and you ain't doing this and that. Yeah it need to be playing Pride Pig. And if you player use that code right down below. If you can't watch it download. Listen to me. I power do so put the world on me.


Stop being selfish and let the world know about me. I'm a bad mama Jamma. And guess what, you a bad mama Jamma too but watching me. I know some of y'all gotta go to work tomorrow but God damnit you need a good laugh. Here I am. They may gave up on you but I ain't giving up on you. Your girl might have gave up on you. I ain't giving up on you. God ain't gave up on you. So what you talking I giving up for now? Too many people on here in the world now killing theyself because they done gave up on theyself. We ain't doing none of that suicide or shit no more. We ain't thinking suicide. Only time we thinking suicide is when our those go up nigga.


Anybody around you thinking suicide talk My hub, we ain't doing that. We put suicide on those baby REAL TALK. We gonna grind. We gonna grind till we get it. We gonna grind till we get it. We gonna ball till we fall. Hell y'all talk like they, Somebody asked me would I ever give up on the Lakers. Hell no. I never give up on no. I still believe in no motherfucker. I still believe in LeBron. LeBron right now. Even though he moving like he got rocks in his shoes. I still believe in him and I believe in that goddamn miracle believe in I'm about that motherfucker just make me feel like motherfucker we going win and shit.


Them the kind of people you got to hang around when You know you just, You know what I'm gonna be all right. Why can I, God damn here I got my homegirl here God damnit I'm I'm gonna use my resources God damnit I'm in the mud now but before You know it I'm gonna be in a penthouse nigga. What the nothing but black women behind me. White holes be in the pen high number. We in strawberries. Chocolate strawberries. Who wanna eat chocolate strawberry with holes that look like Neil alone when she was 25. Come on my kids calling but I ain't announcing because I'm in that foot. No telling you now.


Telling you now talk to me. I'm in the chat. Talk to me down Cowboy ain't doing shit. Kiss me Friday night though in the Atlantic City. That way you can catch me at I at night in Saturday. You can catch me in Saturday. You can catch me in about out. Bring your big bag ass. I can come save me. My big brother gonna be there too. Corey ho him come here. Can you make a night Make 10? You kept me in Tacoma.


Hell Seattle watch. Yeah REAL TALK. Yeah it in the game. Maybe you can catch me out. Grab 'em tickets a TL. I see y'all real soon at TLI see y'all real soon. H time. I'm down here next week baby. H time next Friday. I'm at the Toyota Center Nick next Friday I'm at the Toyota. Come here Saturday. I mean Dallas. Yeah. Not bullshit with y'all over night man. So excited that my Lakers was able to Tiger series up.


Man I was sweating bullets when them bull were coming back but we pulled that off though at the end of the day JJ Red came out, started more start running more Zone start. Yeah I know y'all seen goddamn judgment. I know y'all seen Judgment do watched the game. I don't just come on the show get shit. I'm telling you we ran Zoom the night but we gotta find out how we can get more points outta Jackson Hayes. Two points is not going fucking get it dog. You out there filing nonsense none. Nonsense ass filing dog. Like and stop all that crying Luca you got knocked to the floor at night. That's okay. Get your big ass back down the floor. I that crying and going shit. I don't wanna see it.


I don't want hear it. I want the doctor. I want you to play ball. That's all I wanna play ball. That's it. That's all I got. Good. Nothing, nothing. No more than I can say about that but just play ball man. Every, no you not gonna get every call bro. I know y'all be seeing that shit bro. You not gonna get every call bro. You arguing. Yes the reps gonna miss calls. That's what they do. They gonna miss some calls but at the end of the day you got a job to do and your job is to put the ball in the motherfucking basket. Protect the ball man bro. I don't know what you were doing tonight. You were relying more on Luca, relying more on ar. I don't know if you really fully healthy or not. I don't know only You know that.


But I know you running like you got concrete in your shoes and and and I just, what? I know and You know I could talk to y'all. I could tell y'all some shit like my stepson been bothering me for a minute. You know he playing basketball come see me play, come see me play. So I go and finally see the motherfucker play. This motherfucker don't get in until two second left in the game. Why in the fuck you bothering me? Why the fuck you bothering me nigga? You ain't fucking playing. Ah you think my granddad and grandmother want to see me play? Motherfucker you not playing. I'm finna talk to your mama tonight after I tap that ass and tell her to take you out.


It's embarrassing. We gotta be upset five goddamn point for your son to get in the goddamn game and you bugging and got me bugging out these retro Jordan and this motherfucker nigga pair of skates nigga goddamn skate bugging me man. You know I'm on the road doing show and I come in, I be tired. I'm gonna rest man come see me. Just come see this motherfucker. They ain't even playing. They got, he the only nigga on the team and ain't star all these white boy better than this nigga. And but CJ he going he I'm telling you he gonna be good win this a chick I used to mess with in high school.


See if you had that baby by me, motherfucker would been win. I told you I was a late bloomer but you wanna mess with the high school basketball star and get son trash told you I was a late bloomer. You ain't believe me, I'm a late bloomer now. I started out small but if you keep tickling me I'm gonna grow. I tell them I'm small now Keep, keep playing for a grown man before You know it come you. I ain't come play with y'all assses tonight. We gonna have fun over on this dub show. We gonna have fun now talk to me and I'm gonna talk back Every day our world gets a little more connected but a little further apart.


But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey I was just in an accident. Don't worry we'll get you taken care Of. At Amica we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amica Empathy is our best policy. Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care.


Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home. Out indecision, overthinking. Second guessing every choice you make in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done. Out beige on beige on, beige in knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today. This is Rashaan McDonald from Moneymaking Conversations Masterclass. Every business starts with an idea.


How can you go from daydreamer to industry Leader Amazon Business accelerates your journey with smart business buying. Get Everything you need to grow in one familiar place. From office supply to it essentials and maintenance tools. Amazon Business takes the buying experience You know and love from Amazon plus tools to help you save costs and make insights based decisions ready to bring your visions to life. Learn how@amazonbusiness.com Here. Appreciate that. 4 99 whoever sing it man. May God bless you abundantly. I pray your cup runneth over brother or sister, whoever it was big billow.


I appreciate it brother. Thank you. Telling you right now. All them white boys better than my damn stepson man. Motherfucker didn't get into two seconds left in the game dog. And they ain't even throwing the ball in. You know how most like they try to throw little these little slow kids the ball at the end just to laugh. If they make a shot get crunch they can even get this motherfucker ball at all. Coming off the court talking how to high five me nigga you don't need no motherfucking high five nigga. You don't even need to shower. You ain't do shit. You could have been at the house goddamn study. He coulda, I told y'all the patience one, two oh patience gonna win that series against the bucks and six And I feel like Doc Rivers need to be fired.


I'm sorry he ain't wolf a down man Bucks ain't been wh down since they got rid of that coach to bring in Doc Rivers who was a advisor to the coach. That's some cussy cold plug game out here man. And they ain't no difference when you niggas be out here running y'all mouth to y'all homeboys telling your homeboy how good your girl head can cat you and God damnit and then a nigga go and try it and you get mad. Shut your mouth. Shut your mouth. It ain't what it ain't you ain't gotta tell everybody everything bro. Some shit you gotta keep to yourself dog. Think about it. Some shit you need to keep to yourself man. Especially something good you don't want tell nobody how good this shit is. Me that what's up girl. Honey bitch stink.


Everything stink on whole time. I'm lying man. You ain't fucking with that girl no more. Nope. Just don't know. I'm going over there. Come here now. I'm fucking with this old school woman now. Man I, I can't, I can't really move around like I want to bubble in on a nigga ass boy. Like one thing they know older chicks boy. Them motherfuckers are they they they they they some nosy motherfuckers. They act like they don't know how to work them phones but they really do. And You know the reason why I like older women. I like older women that was in they prime when Tupac was living. See I look, I'm kind of motherfucking hoes right there. I love a woman that was in her prime when Tupac was living.


Damn right. 'cause she like alizea alizea some cheap ass shit. Buy some alizea for this old ass ho god and cook on that Dr. Dre ring ding ring. Keep your head ring. She get the dancing in that motherfucker throwing their hands up. Yeah working up their blood pressure medicine. You not talking God damn Right. When she check her blood pressure and it's and it's good come lay down. Yeah I know you're sleepy. I'm punch you sleep too. Come goddamn right. That's one thing I love about them goddamn cools. They like to take naps. Yeah I'm now I'd like to pick them to Yeah rubbing all low. Your rubbing all low. Your hang ass shit.


You ain't got the wonder I mean hitting it now you a wild boy. You ain't got the wonder I'm fucking your hang. I'm ain't enjoying it too. You know REAL TALK. She'll catch it too. We are talk she catch better than random mouth lying. She better than mouth. Come on. She'll go deep two she'll deep breath from REAL TALK. I'm one moon I give it to him. He don't think I ain't shit. I'm a nasty motherfucker. I sometimes you ever have company and you can't wait till the company leave like man I be glad I new motherfucker leave so I can take ling upstairs. I might do Ling on the goddamn on the goddamn in the kitchen on the countertop.


My turtle top on countertop shit now baby You know I can't I I just don't do that now. I had them damn pies up there on that counter early. Now you want my ass up there and do I eat pies in the ass. Come here boy. And she give in and God damnit I go down and I put her on that goddamn countertop we'll talk spread them goddamn lid and I eat bar in for about 45 goddamn minutes. I I roll her back of her goddamn head. Her grandchildren calling but she ain't answered one thing them grandparents gonna do is they gonna look out for them grandbabies but not when she getting right young man.


Oh man I told you when you come over You know I'm gonna take you to dub land baby. Yeah it's gonna start out Rocky door. Yeah but it's going end good REAL TALK. I'm gonna pass. Imma jump around might take bubble land down to the justice. That's how I'm feeling. You hoes ain't getting these big nines as Whis mo making your ass to justice of peace. That's what kind of time I'm on God damn fuck dang time I'm on do time justice of peace. REAL TALK Get the camera get the angle I take you on the cruise.


That real nigga though. We ain't getting, we ain't getting no big wedding. We'll go just a peace. I take a cruise ship with you for two or three days down there. The Kaiser mail we come back, that's it. I going out that big net spending 20, $30,000 on no goddamn wedding. I be damn I be damn if I do that. Damn right I'm fixing get that insurance money man. Shit y'all talk to me man. Shit what y'all on? They got play, they gotta play sports. Yeah played football, played football for a little while man. Motherfucker hit me. I quit. I ain't gonna lie like and then my cousin shout to my kfo Rendell Reggie man we was playing football man.


We were playing against this guy in singer Texas. His name was John Handy And man this motherfucker was built, I mean he was probably 5 9 2 35. I'm five foot maybe a hundred, a hundred, a hundred pound maybe a hunter And man my cousin was the runner back, I'm wide receiver and they had handy out there at cornerback with me and I was supposed to block the nigga but the more he got closer to me the more scared I got. I got out the way and that motherfucker went in there and hit my cousin and his goddamn ankles and hurt him And I didn't feel bad about that shit at all because that could have been me and I made the right decision at the time.


So yeah I played football but only for a little while. Played basketball, ran track and that was it. Shit I was as leg though. I ain't gonna get it twisted though. That's lady now, now for as being good and all that I ain't gonna count but them same niggas that were good in football, niggas ain't doing a motherfucking thing now them niggas smoking rocks and I'm sir ah and I'm serving them all them nigga back then were good at football. They ain't doing a motherfucking thing that didn't do nothing with they lives.


But that's okay. It ain't the end for 'em though. Even though you didn't go on and do what you supposed to do, you can still be a a, a a a great citizen in the world and a great worker man I tell people all the time man you ain't never where you is what you it, it's where you end up man. And that's REAL TALK. And so like I tell my peoples back then keep y'all head up. Keep pushing some of 'em doing great, some of 'em not but at the end of the day you alive so you got a chance to to to right your wrongs at the end of the day. Niggas say they trash it real alive. You know sometimes people go through shit bro. I never judge people. We all go through shit.


You know some of 'em went to jail, some of 'em didn't. You know sometimes people look me bad in the motherfucker but I ain't gonna never d them and this and that but life, life be life in people but we gonna keep pushing, we gonna keep being great and we're gonna keep showing love to the people that we know and then the ones that we don't know. I keep telling y'all man, blood don't make you family man. Loyalty does. When you find somebody around you that's loyalty, loyal, that's family. You, you keep 'em close, you treat 'em right and you, you keep 'em with you every step of the way if you can. And that's just the way I, I approach things now with me.


You know I got a lot of family that ain't with me and I don't want the motherfucker with me 'cause they got too much jealousy in their heart envy and I don't want that shit around me. That shit contagious. That shit can rub off on somebody else. I don't want that shit around me. I want solid niggas, solid females around me, solid business or so. Whatever. I want solid folks just solid. When I'm, when I'm not getting in the room you still got my motherfucking back. That's all I want. When I'm not there do you have my motherfucking back baby. That's all I need. That's all. Ain't no different when I told everybody all I need to do is just get my motherfucking foot in this comedy game.


I'm gonna God do the hokey poke that you can do the same thing. Whatever you doing now, just get your foot in now and when you get your foot in now do the hokey pokey REAL TALK. Gotta do the hokey pokey man trash sugar night going to the goddamn Memphis rich drink. Get that shit off tv. REAL TALK. Get that shit off TV because that ain't what it do no more. That ain't what it do. I'd rather watch the places in the books than to watch this shit there. That ain't that, that ain't what it is.


I know Oklahoma good but they ain't that goddamn good now. Damn y'all ain't got no fight in y'all. But I tell y'all what if that was streets versus streets shit. Memphis gonna win that goddamn war every day. Man. I learned a lot from being around Mike man. Yes. How you carry yourself, how to prepare when to cut it long and when to cut it off and just staying ready man. Being professional, being on time man. Not going over your time. Learn a lot from Mike. Just being around him. You can soak up Soma's game bro.


So learn a lot. Learn a lot from all of 'em. I study people bro, like You know that's what I do. I get around and I learn what to do, what not to do and I go back and study 'em like what moves they made, what moves that they didn't make and You know it just, it's all about adjustments, You know. I compare that like basketball and football half time you make adjustments. I I try to make adjustments to how I move my mannerism, how I deliver a joke or anything. I, I try to make adjustments and with anything I do like, You know I just wanna be better. Hell I want this show to do better. Hell, I want this show to do stupid numbers man. I feel like it should do stupid numbers. I I feel like if I keep putting the work in it will, maybe I need to bring in a co-host.


Maybe I don't, but I'm, I'm open to anything but this show will it, it, it will pick up. I know it 'cause I believe that like that's in me. Appreciate that $5 Justin living. God appreciate the family. It'll pick up and I know it will and 'cause I'm gonna put the damn work in. If I had to come on here every goddamn day it's gonna pick up. And I thank y'all for coming on here and watching it with me and laughing. 'cause I know y'all say y'all be, I'll be getting y'all through. Y'all be getting me through too through the chat, through comments and everything. Man. That just what it is. Appreci, sayand, Lynn. You know I ain't competing with nobody. Hell, I'm just competing with myself.


I just wanna do better man. I just want when y'all wake up in the morning, if y'all didn't watch me the night before, like let me check do out. Lemme see what fam talking about. That's all I could ask for man. And You know I'm starting to get describing starting to go up and You know, I just wanna touch on topics that need to be touched on too as well. I don't just wanna talk about sports all the time. I wanna talk about what's going on in the world, how we being affected and it's a lot going on right now man. Appreciate we appreciate that REAL TALK. There's a lot going on. You know eggs $10 right now. I know they talking about during the summer we gonna be outside. No we not. Motherfuckers broke. Motherfucker gonna be in the house man.


That's what motherfuckers going to be in the house broke to. I got here and gas already. $8 a goddamn gallon according to age. $12 milk, $20, God damn oxtail $1,500. Shit nigga. We ain't gonna be outside. We gonna be in the aisle. Shout out to my people in Dallas man. Appreciate it. Keon. Big billow appreciated family. Nah, you could never give up on your dreams. D you can never give up on your mother fucking dreams. Do you hear me? What? What the congress Sanders.


He started KMC at 65. Don't let nobody tell you it's too late. It ain't never too late. It ain't never too late. I don't believe in that Too late shit. Because any given moment it could be your time. And that's, and that's REAL TALK at any given moment it could be your time man. You got professional ball players right now broke. Some of y'all are doing better than any professional basketball players and football players right now. Some of 'em stuff, all they money they broke. You ain't played a a liquor sports in your life but you, but you got more money than them.


You doing better than them. So be thankful man. Be thankful. You can have one arm, one leg, one eye, one minute. You just be thankful. It's the little things. It's the little things. Thank y'all for watching tonight's show. I see y'all again tomorrow night. Peace and blessing them out. The Volume. Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJs got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff with PayPal.


I can pay in store, pay online or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on. You hear don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal Dot com. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover.


Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report, Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins. Right? Next time, use Amazon Pharmacy, we deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice.


BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.