
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


The holidays are here and so is the IKEA winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save Up to 50% off on select items in store and online. Now through January 7th plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items. And. if you spend 2 99 or more on a single order before December 10th, enjoy free delivery. Need help managing the clutter of decorations. IKEA storage solutions will keep your home tidy from toys and tinsel. Having extra guests over check out offers on select dining furniture to make more room for the people who matter most this time of year. Don't wait to finish your winter wishlist. Shop the IKEA winter sale in store or online now until January 7th. Visit ikea-usa.com/winter sale For more details. Terms apply offer validates may vary us only while supplies last. Selection may vary by stor and online c-store and IKEA usa.com/winter sale. For complete terms restrictions apply,


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required


Was Par and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Get in zone Auto Zone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? So you've got an oil change coming up. You can go farther and save on full synthetic with our oil change special. Right now you can get five quarts of Valvoline Advanced Full Synthetic with an STP Extended Life oil filter for just 33 99. Get the parts you need when you need them. At AutoZone or autozone.com. Get zone auto zone restrictions, apply.


The. Volume. Yeah. How y'all feeling? Yeah, how y'all feeling tonight? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. You can see it down below. Go on here and hit the like button if you ain't already subscribe, hit subscribe button and most of all turn your notifications on 'cause you going want to know when I'm dropping because yesterday was Thanksgiving for most of everybody, but for me it's Thanksgiving every day. But for the most part we all got to, some of us got to go back and see some of our loved ones, some of our folks and Kiki with 'em.


You know what I'm saying? Eat great vibes when you're around your loved ones there's nothing no more better than that. Being around your loved ones. Got a chance to go back home and and see my peoples that I ain't seen in the nigga. Man. You know it feel good, you know too. To be able to come come back home and and receive a love that I received though, like I was so happy to see my cousin them. I ain't seen them in a long time, man. Just being around them people brought back so many memories and that's what it's about. But it also teach. Teach me the same thing is I just gotta keep working. I just gotta keep working, working and working man and and make making stuff happen man.


It's a whole lot I want to do for my people. It's a whole lot I want do for my community and I just gotta get to work man and keep working. But most of all man, I thank God that I'm here today. I have no excuses at all. We're gonna start to show off with with with Colorado Buffalo. Beat the brakes off Oklahoma State. Oklahoma State trash. Barry Sand rolling over in his living room right now. 52 and zero. Come on Colorado. What? Nine three miles. Nine three. And I'm love all the all of coach Prime Hagels.


Where you at? Come on out, let's talk about it. Y'all got so much to say about everything else. Come on out. Let's talk about this. 52 to zero come out on 5 0 5. Yeah 34 for four one four hundred and thirty eight passing yards. Did you remember what I just told y'all? They Shado had 438 passing yards, five tos down one interception. If that ain't looking like one of the number one quarterbacks in the league, then I don't know who he is then because Shado looking like four us in the pocket. Y'all know ain't lying. Whoever wash your door.


Seven. No ain't lying. Boys in the pocket climbing the pocket and making the throw. I ain't seen nobody better get in college right now. There's your door not in climbing the pocket. Not for holding onto the ball. You do that lot you before in the pocket climbing the pocket seeing in the first I the second I'm thinking that's what you gotta do with the quarterback. You got to be there to see nickel. You have all the arm talent and all the legs speed in the world. But if the a can't read defensive ass, I ain't gonna be a good quarterback. You want your quarter blue for two Blue for and singing the game.


Cooper singing the game. Y'all gonna tell you the truth but can see the game y'all. I just hate they hold on to the ball too long. Running behind. They getting all them, losing them damn yard. They drive me crazy. If it ain't there, throw away. Hopefully when he get to the next level he'll throw the ball away or his ass won't be playing. Don't play not getting rid of that ball when shit first down throw away second down, down let's go. But for the most part 34 for 41, the boys efficient young man is Efficien 438 yard five TV one interception. Travis hung ball out once again. He fighting for that highest win. It's gonna be between him and old boy. All boys state OB boy playing offense playing defense scoring two touchdown catching picks.


Shit. I don wanna know I think, I think Travis Hunter got some strong fish lungs or something because I be tired. I be tired walking up my damn stairs hearing this man just playing 75 80 stops a game and ain't tired shit. Travis Hump needs to be Stu but I do think before as the Heisman it should be coming down between him and BI say whoever end up with probably team with the best record, it's gonna go go one of them two. But but the Colorado they look, they look good to me today. They look like they were full of Thanksgiving food. They were full God it came out today and Baw because last week they were full of baked beans.


They were full of chicken and dressing today. Daniel Mac and cheese, Turkey some fry, some of 'em baked some what you call it. They having them wild pork. They should be running that rotation shit. Yeah Colorado look damn good today. They ain't run the ball. It good either. I know the store won't reflect that but Colorado, y'all gotta run the ball today. Y'all had a tour as a team. Y'all had 44 damn rushing yards as a team. They ain't going get it. But what guiding is the attempts 29 rushing attempts to him throwing the ball 44 times. So they they kept running the ball, they kept mixing it up. I like that a lot about that.


But 52 0. I know Coach Prime is excited about that but I know he ain't too excited about it 'cause they still still got a lot to do. That's one thing about Coach Prime, he don't let one victory get to him next on to the next one. On to the next one. And that's what you gotta do. But let get see who plays. I think they need some help to that big 12 championship game that they just need somebody to lose two, three teams to lose. Let's see what happens with that. So shout out to the Colorado Buffaloes. I'm happy I have, I've been having a great week. I've been having a great mother week and you know where I'm about to go with this. You know where I'm about to go. I gotta take my glasses off here but I know y'all are already damn dug back on my home jersey and Duke but we ain't talking my home right now.


We'll get to these young ass in a minute. Let's talk about them Damn Dallas Cowboys. Oh yeah. Seven to 20 and David, I'm feeling myself again. Cooper go rush Dre. Even though we won Cooper ru ain't damn I don dunno what might sin and Cooper go but damn I don't see it. We won on 27 20. I take it last two game we 20. No some of y'all done gave up. It's something shitty.


You gotta think positive. Everything there been going wrong in Dallas whole motherfucking year but yesterday it went right when the dollar got in the chicken and dressing taste better. The mac and cheese taste better. The chicken taste better. The look taste better when your team kick your ass. Guess what Dallas did yesterday and I'm boy I'm proud of Michael. Porton come alive. They defense don't stop. Even though I wreck terrible but our defense right. We getting back healthy. Oh yeah. Granola motherfucker. Why call the defense the defense in't granola ball offense shit full of grips but the defense they don't look all the ball.


Michael Parson leading no way. That's how I mother lead a postal play. Hell coming to the game early headphones. I'm I'm in my something. What you listening to my, I'm listening to Kenrick ma. We ain't listening to Drake no damn more. That shit dead. Only people that listen to Drake music is them Africans out there that chasing zebras. Ain't nobody listening no damn Drake no more like that. We on Kendrick tomorrow right now. One of my people, my people from come from that man I still rock with you D Drizzy but right now man you doing too much fan you on your life activity shit.


And I ain't written that. Trying to tell you how I'm feeling about be cowboys right now. Man. Michael Parson is on his shit. You ain't on the podcast no more. You on your shit. That's what you do. I know I'm fired. Look, I know Tyler knows Michael Urban fired up Damnit we got to go and get it. I ain't saying we gonna do nothing in the playoffs. I'm just saying we kicking ass cowboy one made me so feel so good yesterday I got into an altercation with my baby mama baby daddy. We both got kids.


Motherfucker broke here. don don't talk dog aint tv. I bought that new the greasing they fish, they fried. I bought that new respect me respect the Don when I come into your house baby mama got six kids. He think he thinks he talk. He got more kids than me. Was he? Man don't you look like Nickle, you got what on strike and you gone forever And I'm gonna be right back getting that Ky kettle to me.


So what I'm telling y'all here today is y'all ain't gonna listen to me. How you get talking? You watch what? The dollar cap. Oh that's a different, it's a different energy in the building right now. Michael Courtney, he see he, he on cars now. He ain't no Turkey no as day. He on cars now because he know his job is on the motherfucking line. Jerry Jones had a dream from St. Peter. He ain't got that bus St. Peter came visit Jerry Jones. That why Jerry Jones po all happy and shit. Nah shit he no I'm proud of the defense man.


They looking real good man. Beat up on the giant. That's what we supposed to, we supposed to beat up on them terrible king. That's what we did. We ain't terrible. We but we ain't tur we believing in the locker room right now that coming in ho nine stay your ass at the house in rehab boy. I don don't even get married. We don't, we don't give a damn that's you a distraction. I'm Jerry Jones. I'm not letting D come around my players he a distraction now. I hate to say that by the $260 million man, the franchise of the organization. But I don't want him lie my niggas, I don't want him.


My niggas, I don't want him now they stay home because right now we, we on to something right now. See lemme talk to you for a minute. What's going on with if you catch, if you catch them ball like RuPaul, she you gonna break rock I don understand when you drop it you wanna look in your hands. If I'm a head coach at me, when, when you come out the side of the field, come here knock all the Asha get knocked your ass catch the mother ball Zeke one carry four yards.


You stay your ass home the rest of the year. The hell y'all gonna put him in the game for one carry. Come on man. Zeke ain't that bad. I talk shit that's all I love. But Zeki yelling ain't that bad. We got the come on now. Yours you got the abusing be your be. Look people who snort cocaine, they sn powder now from the time they wake Up to the time they go bed they have bury in the dope. That's how you gotta bury Ezekiel Elliot getting the ball. I still believe in Brandon Cook comes back storing to do y'all see when we go do you actually see what the dollar cowboy what nigga we own or something.


Oh yeah Philadelphia. Oh everybody so scared of the Phil definitely don't give a devil bite. Little damn bird. We shoot birds and pluck they feathers. We scared my eagle. You can't shoot Bow Eagle. Say who? If you gonna think one of them goddamn bald eagles up there in Oklahoma flying around up Indian territory. You gonna think Tonto hit one of them motherfuckers. You the the door knock that damn eagle right out the air.


We killed birds and we puck they fells. I said all I'm saying who want with Eagles chicken? Who want a eagle sandwich? You want cheese with without cheese on Texas Toast record they got same corn. Well sure shake corn bark egg down And we already know Jayla Hersa throw the ball in the air. He won't even be looking. He just be throwing it. Y'all Deon with Michael Paron in your face. Deon we gonna see what you going do then hell lemme see what you gonna do then y'all gonna respect them.


Cowboy around. Yeah I respect it. I respect what I'm telling you.


This is Doug Gottlieb from the Doug Gottlieb Show. Here to tell ya. Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation and commitment to progress and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and the heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Black Friday has officially started@blinds.com and the savings are huge. Right now you can save Up to 50% Sitewide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure. Don't wait. These deals are happening right now. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings is a small project with big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. With blinds.com there are no long lines or confusing quotes. You shop online without sacrificing quality, style or service. One of our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. We can even handle everything from measure to install. Plus you get window treatments for your whole home installed for just one low cost With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings blinds dot com's Black Friday Sales Event is happening now With our best deals of the season. Save Up to 50% sitewide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply


upside.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


Get in zone auto AutoZone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? So you've got an oil change coming up, you can go farther and save on full synthetic with our oil change special. Right now you can get five quarts of Baline advanced full synthetic with an STP extended life oil filter for just 33 99. Get the parts you need when you need them. At AutoZone or autozone.com Get Salad AutoZone Restrictions apply.


How crispy are the new deli? Me crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching you might wanna mute. Mm so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Shit boy I'm, I'm full of GY over here 'cause I'm full. You know how nigga Nicole Blakes took go places I took for me yesterday. Shit I left out the real time. I left out about eight plates. I'm still eating on the food right now. My damn Michael Wayne kitchen hang y'all. I'm about bullshit boy. I got dirt cake, butter milk pie but come on pie boy. I got, see I got the works dressing mac and cheese, homemade chicken pie pie. I ain't bullshit. I can see the crust on it. I'm not bullshit. You my Michael catching hell. All you heard get damn I'm getting off.


My partner called me man. I ain't man lucky you gotta go home man. I ain't, I ain't better to getting nothing man. Trying to see if I'm gonna tell him he can come over and get some of my food and hell no. Now after the mark I got to throw everything away 'cause dressing only good for two days after that it's pause. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Throw that shit away tomorrow. But as of right now I'm going down big plate too. FaceTiming everybody mind. I'm just fool. Yeah, I'm kidding. No you don't eat like that.


People who don't normally eat like that, that's really been starving. Don't wanna say nothing shit. They eating everything yesterday. Agreeing eat green so good. What you put him on nigga give a damn about what they putting them green. They just trying to save face so they could eat. Telling you a guy little went back home yesterday. My old school partner gave me some juice sausage. Yo. Jalapeno with cheese. Come here big breakfast in the morning eggs. Ain't nothing like eggs in that bamba. Some of you watching you ain't never ate during me boy you missing something boy. I put that bamb in that motherfucker skit. Put that bullet in that mo goddamn damn bait.


Get the sliding across that goddamn skillet boy. I'm talking about sliding across that skillet boy. Oh yeah you ain't gotta cook him long. It ain't like regular meat. Then let it fry a little bit. You you get, you can smell that ba and you take him out and the thing out and you put that egg in there. I want salt pepper ain't be in it. Oh yeah like bread then put the egg on there with the grape jelly with the, with the, with the dear sauce. Come on God damn I done told you. I done told you.


That's good old country eating. If y'all know some of you sitting you ain't know nothing. Nothing about none of that. But if my country brother, I know y'all know exactly what I'm talking about over here. I ain't nothing like some good di sausage with good old scrambled eggs. I'm getting over. I'm feeling good. Holiday is what bring me together to my family. I don like that. But the holiday good food and and the liquor shit ain't bullshit. My uncle wife well look at me yesterday shit I had my eyes on too cute like oh get the bullshit and see you never come here and take over WI don't want be but my aunt, she used to work in vehicles.


I ain't bullshiting she used to work down there saying shit. She don't do that no more but it still him. Shit. They call her silver shit. Unc ain't working through the job for nothing. Shit I don't try anyhow. I'm gonna go and visit uncle, bring uncle Don Julio, her uncle shit. Party with N tonight. Get on him. We gonna take shots when we get down to that six shot. UNC ass going be outta there. That's what I'm gonna go in there and make my god damn room too. Yeah I'm gonna be swift with it though. I'm gonna be on the floor with it.


Hey man that dirty me is off the chain bro. I'm not telling y'all no lie. That dirty meat is off the mother chain now today we're gonna do something different on this show. Lion big up on the bows. That ain't nothing new to verified. They mother head coach. Good now get somebody in there that's gonna coach Caleb. Caleb need to coach. Yeah we want even part the best to succeed. He need a coach. He need an officer coordinator. Yeah we he needs yeah he needs somebody that y'all going hire that's going be there for a while to grow with him. Caleb is not no bad quarterback. He's a good damn quarterback up there. Chicago, you got your quarterback for the future right there.


Chicago and Caleb. We but it's your organization gonna go out and do their due diligence and bring in the right mother. It's all about bringing in the right people. Ain't no different from being out in the world today. You can give your work to somebody they bullshitting. They gonna never bring your money back. Yeah you can give your work to somebody else and God damnit they like animals hood. They you ain't gotta ask for no damn bones because you gonna get when you do what you're supposed to do go above and beyond for me. I ain't you hold to give me here she know to do it off the real wake up in the morning.


All I gotta think about do is cooking dog reference I can give head you damn my got a woman and you got to tell her to give you head. You don't need, you got to go. I don't like to do all that talking. You should already know now. I can't read mines. You better read something. You better read something your mother from gang them women down there in Columbia ain't bullshitting and they ain't arguing each. You ain't arguing with you either. Bobby, I got your dollar shit. Come here taxi.


Fuck wait until I get to the room. I'm getting in the taxi see singing Tyrese sweet lady. Would you be my sweet lover A lot time I'll be will need me just call re receiving. I be singing to her even though she don't understand what I'm saying to her. But shit, I don't understand what she's saying to What's going on. Raven's playing the who? Raven's playing the text December 2nd. Shit I might be at that game.


I might be at that game on Sunday night. I went Buffalo. Yeah Bills my fee over him. How can you say you ain't wearing up my whole jersey because I bought it boy I ain't bought shout out to s man y'all want some jerseys. I'm telling y'all go holler for Nagas man. They get y'all some jersey real deals too. You see it? I got jerseys for every team so stop asking. I got a jersey for every team basketball team. Hockey team Damnit. I got you been having 'em too. I finna collaborate on something. Yeah, y'all gotta stay tuned man. I telling you I got y'all man. Real talk. I'm gonna packs froze. That goddamn dolphin born bring bank down throws that damn dolphin no damn in Milwaukee.


Y'all know damn well a dolphin can't survive out the water. You ain't gonna take Louis cold Man. Goodbye Up to trash. You shoulda stayed asleep. I guess that shoulda stayed asleep. You were good man. They wasn't even worried about you man. They were gonna let you be out Russell in York. You still gonna get your money. Ain't ain't know who Tyre Hill is. No damn mo. Tyre Hill ain't even a sight no more. Tyree you like to looking like a limb and I know him not. I know he look I'm saying that's the way he looking like a li god damn Dolphin enough froze.


Y'all I know turned my back on the cowboy but business is business got nobody. Pocket bills is it's a business with me. Y'all are with doubts. My heart was my side hoe too. Buffalo abuse, my side hole. Ain't nothing coming between me and my old lady and my side hole. Do you hit me if that Cowboys is my old dick. Buffalo is at my side hole. I'm in little and I'm love I know some of y'all walking so I'm like duh. That doesn't make sense man.


I I'm with you brother. You, you back up because I don't go to bed good every night regardless of whoever we or who I'm gonna go here now my team on to date you seems I know it wasn't pretty. I get it wasn't pretty but goddamn now I'll be real with you. Goddamn 19 points ain't gonna get it. 19 points ain't gonna get it. Y'all just no damn Detroit line team Kansas come on 19 are you, are you? Shit Pat my arms threw the ball four, six times He connected 26.


That ain't one for damn, that ain't one Ain. Smoke cheese steak barrels Turkey. I know your as. I know Henry Reed got off yesterday. Shit they was at home too. I bet Big re got off yesterday. I know he had three places. Potato salad. I know Gates Barbecue brought him some chicken. I real, I know Arthur Brown brought him some sausage there. Shit big re getting off. Shit she already got me out there.


Already got the S on they side. I'm just saying that's what everybody else saying don't get get mad at me 'cause I'm saying, I'm just saying. Everybody say the S up to teach anyway like I said though 19 motherfucker boy guess the worst team in the league. Pierce. I love you but your team ain't worth a damn boy. Your ass probably outta here gonna be back coaching high school boy. I'm telling you. I don't a fuck what you did this off season but your As gonna be back coaching high school next year boy. They nasty be back in our room too but God Dusty things you gonna play. I told you he said he ain't playing playing.


I'm my nickel, not my nickel. I'm saying nickel told you I'm gonna stop saying the N word. I'm saying nickel. Gotta listen real close. My said shit look, look at you. You going play for me. I'm gonna find your ass each week. Make up your mind. You got to control this best's. Play your routine. Him and Crosby man you gotta somehow make that happen. You knew going in this church, you didn't have no motherfucking quarterback period. But you could have called Cam, you could have went out there and got jama, crab leg, stealing ass call a time out for nothing.


Went an as went you could have went out and got them. What you didn't motherfucker no come I'm go in the midst. You could went and got something you could but you did. So you made this bed. Your ass going lie in I don know what's going on with the chiefs but they can't stole a ball. That's gonna be problems going against somebody like the Detroit Lions right now. That's gonna be a problem going against the Eagles or the Ravens or or Bills. The team that can put points up on the board.


You gotta stole Win. Defense only do so much. They can only do so much without them getting tired. Gotta think about it the way the a c right now cheats 11 one, bills nine and two Steelers eight and three Texan 75 the Ravens eight and four. The charge of 74 in the Broncos. 75. Yep. Got SC Man got SC Win NC you got the Lions, Eagles, Seahawk Falcon VI packs and Commanders. Ain't nobody in the in the NC going only two teams come out the NC.


You gonna be the Lions under the Eagles. That's what gonna represent the NC. And I could see the lion beating the Chiefs. I could see the Eagles beating the chiefs. Anybody ever fall below that? That's a nigga. That's a big nigga. How y'all see your shaping now? Man you can't see the Chiefs I don't know. I really don't know. They they not explosive if all at all to me. Maybe they're turning on postseason, I don't know. Maybe they just playing with us and just bored. They winning but they just, we just gonna win this way. We ain't gonna really crank it up. I don't know.


But I don't see it right now personally. I don see the shit. But we going to see though. We gonna see how it, see how it play out. I know the other day I got on here, I was talking about them Lakers. I was mad as hell too because JJ Reddick took Dalton connect out the start lineup and they got their ass beat And I came out the next and I was in the LA when I made that video and I said you got to pull him back in the start lineup. Well that same night they pulled up against San Antonio Spur. They started him. They on now. I ain't never played no professional ball, collegiate ball and all this shit. But I watched the game enough to know that a motherfucker can put the ball in the hole, put him on the floor.


It's simple man. If he could put the ball in the hole, put him on the floor. If a strip can shake that, pull up on the, that's all I'm saying. I don't know what the Lakers waiting on. Rod Poal. Poal make some moves man. I keep saying we need a big man. We need a big man man to help a D out man. Sister Hayes is not it. I don't care what nobody say. Christian moved he ass been hurt all year. Should have released it. Yeah you shit, I leave motherfucking battles in this trip ring where it was, you know old ring ring. Yep.


You see these battles, they battles up there for a reason. We win. We don't win on social media. We on this mother talking that dlo on the bench where he belong. You ought to be averaging 20 points off the bench every night. DeAngelo Russell. But you don't. But you don't but you can. You got the ability to. You just don't do it. Where's the pride at? Do you wanna be great? You know what I'm saying? That's that's, that's the thing with me when I see life now, the people that I'm around I talk to. Do you wanna be great or you just wanna be okay?


I'm not okay with being around. Okay people, I wanna be around people that wanna be crazy. I wanna be around people that want that want do better than what they did yesterday. It's all about growth. It's shit girl. It's all about growth. I'm actually you want to give it to her? You gummy, she got something to say. So nights when you, my old school players take them pills and bang that thing she go all up under your I'm so good to you babe. Because you giving on that hot rod when you ain't giving it tool they they out, they stand in office.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the adventure ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real time data. Visit join signals.com today.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli me crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Get in zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? So you've got an oil change coming up, you can go farther and save on full synthetic with our oil change special. Right now you can get five quarts of Valvoline Advanced full synthetic with an STP extended life oil filter for just 33 99. Get the parts you need when you need them@autozoneorautozone.com Get in zone AutoZone Restrictions apply


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's. Who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon books. That reading feeling awaits


Sometimes you gotta quit. What doing he give your girls For you two? You got the you got but y'all wearing them. Strap on them. Listen to them Stu listen to me. When y'all wearing no strap on Chuck You, you gotta gotta come from the Hil with though real talk because know you gotta come from the Hil with it studs when you, when you you thank me later now my real player gonna get mad at me for getting you out the game. But you gotta come from the Hil with with that, with that strap on. I ain't bullshitting. You come from the hill Willie boy you shit, she gonna think she getting the real thing. I'm telling you come from the hip with that talk too.


Bullshit. Yeah real talk. Real talk. I Jeremy appreciate that but I feel the same way. Like I guess y'all playing with playing with the league right now because 19 points. I know it's a division game but come on man. It's just a cheap ceiling. Thera. Have y'all seen the Ravens like come on now. They dig everything they could not to put them motherfucker on TV like on side we going to still put 'em on Prime like No I'm just saying though like come on now. But that's what I was saying but you know Lakers, they play the night, they play the thunder.


Let's see what they going to do man they got their hands full with shit and shy them and Williamses. Man. Let's see if ay come out and dominate tonight, you get back home, you end up LA back with the fam. They see a come out and can get 35. They see LeBron go for about 24 Austin Reed you supposed to be scoring 20 a night. Fa I know LeBron the goat or the man of the team. But at the end of the day bro, sit your old ass down over there, get you 21 points or whatever and and get out the motherfucking weight. I got this I don't see nobody else on that liquor team walking in with that kind of swag as if this my team. I run this shit. I'm the team though as I go them shit gotta have some kind of swag something gotta set the temp when you walk into practice knowing you gotta give me the mother fucking ball.


I'm the, I'm no big dog him. I was doing that when me and my girl were just living together. But now that her brother live here, I ain't the top dog of my own house no motherfucking more. He is, he know that. So I can't walk around with my shirt off even though it's my house. He get to do that. You know what I'm saying? Talk. He beat me up. He got rights to do that. He got rights to do that right now. I know what y'all think man you ain't demanding your own house. No I ain't my brother, my brother here man. I can't, you know what I'm saying, I can't whoop do Right like dude violent man. I can tell my family man. Like, like, like you know what I'm saying?


Like because I ain't saved me man. Like I can't leave my like time I can leave like when I go to work and he dropped me off in my car and stuff bro. Like I had bought like a 3.5 man I don, I was gonna take that with me on break. He was like nah you don't need me smoking on the job. I got it. You know what I'm saying? So if anybody watching this show man like can y'all come help me man, like I'm bleeding my eyes like I I need help bro. Like dude, violent man and my girl love this shit man. Like she ain't been coming home, you know what I'm saying?


Saying she working doubles and she ain't even got no job. Like I don't even know what she doing. Y'all like is she cheating or what? I don't know but like he, he strict. He got rules. I don, I don't, I don't even know man. Man.


But if people watching this show then you gotta know this show being presented by prospect going downloaded using my promo code trash with the two Hs. Yeah. More or less on your favorite players. That's what you bet know more or less on your favorite players. Go and scan that right there. Go only scan it. Real talk. Go on get your peaks in man for tomorrow from Sunday. Go and get you some extra cash over there on Got.


Hey even if you can't watch my show sometime man you can listen to me on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Go and download the show. There I am. Get them rating up. Get the chat up right now man. Make sure y'all signing this for me man. More than anything man. Sure my shit man y'all be don't even want to hit the light but I don't understand. I make y'all laugh all almost day but you can't hit the light But come on man. Gonna do your Fame right there man. Come on man. If I done made you laugh man, hit the light button. That's all I'm saying though. If you watching this show and you then you gotta know this part of the show. What we do with hell no setting. He knows what he Do.


What you talking about? Yeah. This part of the hill. No setting my Fame. Some of y'all be sending me stuff in me stuff and I'm fixing tell you bubble. When you went back home did you let anybody borrow some money? Hell no. I told y'all when not gonna coming down there. I wasn't coming with nothing but oh that's what I came with. I came with Lord what the, you know black people look what the blew in you. Damn right. What the fool at? You don't wanna lose my neck I don't, I don't wanna hug your motherfuck neck. That wouldn't be real for me. That would be fake. I don't wanna look neck. I just wanna eat. Come on and get you a plate. I'm go on and try that now.


Now I put what I want on my motherfucking plate. You going tell me to try this next. Let me get what I want. Oh I ain't the same. No, them days is dead. It's not. And I like it so I'm gonna choose what I wanna pull on my plate and what I want. Okay. Be real talk sometimes you gotta let people know man you ain them old thing no more. Man. I'm my own man now. Appreciate that. Real talk. Appreciate that. I'm just telling you, I real you got, you gotta stand up for yourself sometime man.


People feel like they can run over you man. And then I had two of my cousin yesterday drift talk like pull me to the side fat. Look here, we mocking your commercials on tv. Boy you boy you boy boy you make us so motherfucker crowd boy boy you make us so proud boy, boy you just don't know boy we you doing it man. You, you doing it man. If you could just let me hold 300. Damn. I ain't got 300 fam. I ain't be honest with you. I ain't got no money. I need to make it look like that. You bullshit. I'm not lying to you man. I told them that was a thousand lies yesterday.


Today. Lying ain't got no I ain't shit. I'm cap. You lie cap. I'm me and you in the same boat. Pray for me. Keep praying for me man. But I hope you still pray. Oh I'm proud. Pray for me. Shit. That's what I do. But I got something for him though. I'm gonna bless him. I'm gonna bless him on my time. I'm not gonna bless 'em 'cause they want me to bless. I'm gonna bless 'em when I get good and ready but my blessing is gonna be a lifetime blessing. Real talk. Have my peoples man just like you should have your people man. You always gotta have the people that's been down with you who love you for you.


When you wrong they tell you wrong. And when you right they tell you right when, when it's time for you to get your flowers. They give you your flowers while you can smell it. But you can't do nothing when you're dead. So I always tell people that you got something you wanna say to somebody, you go and tell 'em how you feel. My, I know a lot of my old school people watching the show, your wives and your sisters and got in their kitchen and your moms done got in their kitchen and put down a good meal. Man. Not only thank your mom, but thank the good lord for making that happen. Man. I know a lot of my people. I was in the Cummins lot got moms has passed away and it's RIP for sure. I know they watching nine over y'all. It's a blessing man to have your your, your people, your aunts, your moms or your grandparents.


Some that still living to be around man. 'cause I don't have no more grandparents. Be thankful man for your grandparents man and your your people that you, you you could still go and talk to and that's up in age and be around them, man. Family is very important. I know sometimes those people don't get along with our family. So I know sometime your family can be in, but for the most part man ain't ain't nothing like coming home and and being around genuine people who don't, who don't want nothing from you, who don't judge you, who don't really, really just know who you are.


You know what I'm saying? That's the beauty about me going home. Like they know but they really don't know. And that's the beautiful thing about this shit. I can just be me, be with my peoples hell full. You know, some people can't go back home. They gotta have security. I don't have to have none of that. Man. That's, that's a blessing from God. Man. I'm so excited that I was able to die. I'm still alive. To be able to go down and see my peoples and see friends I ain't seen in no while. Hug they ns on talk to people for a young man, old young woman. I watching, watching my, watching the show, man. I, I come from the bottom.


I come from the mud man. I remember our house being flooded out. Storm came through and flooded out crib man. We didn't have nowhere to stay. I had to go and stay with my partner with him and his grandma and him, his grandpa and them man. Yeah. I remember them days man. And my house was flooded and my dad still stayed in that house with, with the, with with water in it. Riding floors. Like bro, I, I really confident sometimes people be lying saying they really come from the mud. They just be saying that because they want people like, oh this. So some people be capping bro. They ain't really have it bad. I had it bad bro. Right. So I'm trying to break generation curses what, what I'm doing right now.


And I I never been a selfish person. It's never been about me. It's always been about we. And no matter what you do, you gonna have some friends, you gonna have some family members just not like you or because of who you become and you can't let that shit get you down. You don't never let nobody else put they guilt on you. You keep doing, you, you keep rocking and you keep being a good person. That's all I do. That's why I feel like the good Lord continue to bless me. Why I continue to keep going up and up because I don't think I'm better than nobody is. Man. I don't. We all human beings, I treat everybody the same man. That's the way I live my life. Real talk. Thank y'all for watching today's show. I know some of y'all probably wondering man.


Dude, what's the trash of the day? Going be trash of the day. Going to my motherfuck baby. I not watching mother fucking kids. I just, hell, I I just had them shit. They Friday night fried. I'm going, I got $87 and god damn some young woman of kids. You know my rule 28 and up. Come, come. Thank y'all watching today's show, man. Shit, boy. Bubble do man. I hope y'all had a Thanksgiving, great Thanksgiving. Aw, I know some of y'all Black Friday shoppers went out there the day.


I hope y'all wasn't none of y'all watching the show after fighting. I been seeing y'all fighting on them Black Friday. Y'all need to stop this shit. But I see y'all giving. I see y'all. Peace blessing them out. The, Volume,


Get in zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? So you've got an oil change coming up. You can go farther and save on full synthetic with our oil change special. Right now you can get five quarts of Bline Advanced full synthetic with an STP Extended Life oil filter for just 33 99. Get the parts you need when you need them@autozoneorautozone.com. Get Zone AutoZone Restrictions apply.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals. Helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


How crispy are the new deli me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


What's popping? Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation. There's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills never ending food festivals. Fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.