
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


A BC Wednesdays Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears. Dad, I am broke and I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a Couple of days when his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double Bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversations. The wheels come off. Can we Try to talk to each other like rational adults? Have you watched the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. New Wednesdays eight seven Central on a B, C and stream on Hulu.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes with variety calls. Quote a PI drama with Flair. Meet Diara Bricklin public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date with the help of her friends and Eve and her ex-husband Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Diara from Detroit is now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central.


This Is Matt Rogers from Las COIs with Matt Rogers and Bow Yang. You don't wanna miss you're cordially invited. The hilarious new movie starring comedy icons Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon Chaos. And Sue is when two weddings are accidentally booked on the same day at the same venue. Will Ferrell plays the father of the bride and Reese Witherspoon is the sister of the other bride. The oh as they go head to head to deliver a special day for the ones they love. Don't miss this Laugh Out Loud Showdown. It's feral versus Witherspoon. And you're cordially invited. Watch it on January 30th. Only on Prime video.


The Volume Yo. Yeah And I picked against them. Yeah. Welcome to the Bubba Dove Show. I'm gonna give y'all time to go on and chill out on your commander fans. I know y'all already in the come talk your shit rightfully so. 'cause I did pick the books but boy was I wrong. But before I even get to this game we just watched hit that light button for your boy. Go ahead and hit your subscribe button right now. Hopefully you got your drink. Hopefully you got your smoke. You got your snacks. 'cause today we talking number NFL playoff football and Damnit we had some good football game today.


The game that just went off they Washington Commanders young team led by Jayden Daniels a rookie quarterback went down the Tampa Bay and knocked the motherfucking rooster out them books that what they did tonight. 23 to 20. Now say it with me. Tampa Buccaneer trash ain't no fucking way. They were supposed to lose that game but Baker trash figure had too many million errors by snaps. Do you hear me? Box game on the line, y'all can't even hike the motherfucking ball. That's what went on.


Let's rere. If you watch the game, if you watch this game today, it was the mental errors coming from a quarterback who been in the league. How long Baker Mayfield been in the motherfucking seven, eight years? Jayn Daniel is a rookie but he look like he a veteran. Hey Jayn Daniels 2024 for 35 268 yard two touchdown. That's what he did today. Yeah they they on me Brown Five catches 89 yard Terry Mcla and seven Catches 89 yard. I got to give it up. I got to give credit to the Washington commanders. They went down there in the playoff game and won. I'm not mad at that at all.


Even though I figured Tampa Bay will go on then They should. Ain't no doubt about it Miss Field though. I can go on and on but I ain't making no excuses. I'm here to give credit and love. Took a Washington Commanders owner slash Bad Blood Magic Johnson. Congratulations. Congratulations to a Washington Commanders. I'm not here to piss on y'all parade. But is you going to win your next playoff game? That's the motherfucking question is you going to win your next playoff game. It's what we want to know. No good season but this motherfucker. Oh damn. Yeah dumb.


I hated tonight because y'all been my division and I didn't want the damn commands win. But y'all won. I wanna give a shout out to my homegirl Miko Grimes 'cause she said it early in the season. She told me when she came on this show she said Bubba dumb, the Washington Commanders is gonna be a problem this year. They gonna be good so I want to give Miko her credit. She said it and it is what it is. Y'all won and I know you, you got all the right to talk shit to me all you want 'cause the Cowboys is dead. The motherfuckers in a coffin and I know y'all won't bring them them up but I'm glad James Daniel got his first playoff win. I'm great. I'm I'm excited about that. But what are you going to do next Sunday is the motherfucking question because this game don't matter no more.


It's a real, it's over what you, who you going deal with next week? It's the motherfucking question. Chocolate City is back though for now. Chocolate City is back Washington. They up there happy the White House happy Trump and them can't wait to goddamn gig in. Well shit ain't no more goddamn Gulf of Mexico boy. Gulf of America ain't gonna be New Mexico mother. That gonna be new Dope. That's what we name in New Mexico. New dope. They got some dope coming down in New Mexico right now. Gonna shock the motherfucking world. Damn. Stay tuned.


Stay tuned. I'm packing my badge. I feela Moga b Russell Sea a god damn storm is coming. Russell Simmons been gone eight years. He know what was coming. Shit. Shit Russell all gonna do in yoga shit you can't pay Russell to bring his ass to the States. Everybody got to come over there and see him boy as him coming over here. Shit. He don't give a damn about who in the family died. Russell Simmons said he don't give a damn. He not leaving B. So you got Asmo motherfucker sometime? Yeah you got Asmo sometime. Shit. But nevertheless 23 to 20 watch Commanders won. Shout got the Dan Quinn.


I'm just, I like him as a coach man. I wanted the cowboy to keep that guy but rightfully so. Man. He ain't playing second to nobody. What he was able to do in one year with with a rookie quarterback is turn that franchise around. I'm, I'm liking what I'm seeing from, from Jay and Daniels. Man he pos he can run that rock. He ain't making no mistakes. That's the good thing about this young man. He ain't making no mistakes. He know I can throw the ball away. He know how to keep the ball. I hold away. That's what I love about Jay Daniels moving on to the Philadelphia Eagles. They they played the pack, they knocked the cheese out the motherfucking packs. But before I even just really just do. I won't y to be honest with me 'cause I got a lot of Eagle fans in here and you got, you got every right to talk your shit.


But let's be real for one minute. Jalen Hurs look like he on wt. I'm not bullshit. Jalen and Hur played like he was on w somebody ain't right. He still got symptoms y'all I'm telling y'all the boy still got symptoms. Ain't the lead that to investigate this shit. Ain't no way her supposed to play it today. Ain't no motherfucking way. You got a motherfucking singing out there and AJ Brown one catches one catch boom damn get me the motherfucking bow and they can sit around here all they want can fake the funk act like everything good. Everything ain't good in in in Philly. I'm telling you now. Saquon Barkley is the motherfucking man though.


Running that rock. Green Bay have a chance. I don't know what's going on with Jordan Love. Is it elbow tenderers? I don't give a damn but we'll see your ass. You gonna be with Johnny Uniters now at the motherfucking house three in Sson. Yeah hear me say hold on, do I know y'all banging us for not letting Sayquan get this boy get this Rucker but we chasing the Super Bowl and God damnit I seen it today but I'm just not sold on the Eagles right now y'all because Jalen wet taking ass hurts ain't right. Y'all know y'all know her ain't right man on the Bob I all I'm gonna say is this Eagles moving on to the next round.


Cool. Do you think the Philadelphia Eagles going beat the Detroit Lion playing the way they play like that today Not being able to throw that motherfucking ball. You not gonna beat Detroit like that. I'm telling you you're not gonna be able to Eagle but that's my Super Bowl pick. I got the Detroit Lions going to the Super Bowl. I got them of the Philadelphia Eagles. From what I'm seeing today after Eagles I'm not sold. I'm not sold on this shit at all because there was plenty of time the Green Bay Packers coulda did some shit and they just didn't do it. Josh Jacobs running the rock. They should have kept feeding him and feeding him and feeding him but they didn't do it. See these coaches man I'm telling y'all man these coaches, they always talk about these players choking.


But let's start talking about these motherfucking coaches that's choking on under the bright lights. Let's talk about what these coaches doing. I always wanna blame the players now we gonna start blaming the coaches. We gonna start blaming the legal. The legal is the head coach. We go as you go And today I seen it and I seen it before with the Green Bay Packers head coach on boy I seen it again today man fold it yo he folded, they running the same motherfucking route out routes. It's all they were running were out routes they go down motherfucking pick it up sometime do an end round, do something to shake some shit up.


Y'all not doing none of that and y'all keep running hurt. So he goes y'all keep letting that motherfucker run the ball and you running backwards. He'll do a hundred moves and end right back up past the first line of screaming. Some ain't right. Some ain't right. What Her and it is bothering me. Y'all I don't know y'all, I don't, I don't know the rules of the NFL. All I know is the man didn't practice till Thursday. He was doing some little rinky dink ass passes. That was it. I don't even think, I don't even think Hur No how he got to the goddamn ring today. Somebody called him right now and asked him how he got to the damn ring. I bet you he don't know. Boom. We ain't no motherfucker shit.


I ain't, I ain't mean to take my frustrations out on hurts. I'm mad at some mother shit. My motherfucker side chick cheating on me. Y'all do. You hear me? My motherfucking side chick is cheating on me. This motherfucker going out on dates going to Outback Steakhouse and and doing all this bullshit. She taking a nigga to our favorite restaurant got me reminiscing. All the bus rides mean this motherfucker used to do all the snook up and watching Netflix on her mama couch and shit that we used to do. Me and this motherfucker bonded. You know what I'm talking about. We bonded and for her to go out and cheat on me, I've been thinking about bringing this shit up too.


Said I've been stalking her. I ain't talking, I've been stalking my child. She, I ain't bullshitting. I've been stalking her as for about four weeks now. And I, I ain't brought it up to her yet. I want to but I don't wanna fuck up a good thing 'cause that motherfucker good to me. Like when I need money to go to work, that motherfucker cash out on me. She already promised me 1500 when she get her taxes. So I don't, I don't really wanna, you know what I'm saying, bring it up right now. I want to get the money then I might bring it up then again. I might not because right now I ain't gonna lie. It's all good. Besides her cheating. I I ain't supposed to, I ain't really supposed to know it. I'm as nigga for stalking her. I don't supposed to know what she doing like so I feel like, know what I'm saying, I'm ringing on my own parade y'all.


Y'all what was y'all doing in this situation? Would you keep your mouth closed? Would you bring your little to her? I mean only thing that's bothered me is that she taking this to my motherfucking favorite restaurant. I love outback steak cows. Do you? I love Outback That motherfucking a one sauce on this steak. Come on. They got sweet tea. Huh? They baked potato, sour cream cheese, bacon biscuit. So pepper come on. She looking at me. I'm looking to her baby I love you. If you want dessert after this damn it you can get it because you ain't gotta worry about me getting them up because why I got this mother right here RiNo.


She know what to, she know when I'm on this I'm stronger than Popeye. Popeye need experience bubble need RiNo. Some of y'all hat me shit. Yeah it don't give me no headaches. Don't give me no side effects. You talk you a secret. Where I come out that motherfucking robe I got. Oh yeah Doug got a motherfucking robe too. It's a German shepherd robe. I come out that motherfucking robe I feel like I'm Superman. She be like come here I'm coming and I do this, cut the lights out because I don't want her to see this one inch bus but y'all getting the comment sense and let me know how y'all feeling. Like what should I do? Should I confront my side chick or should I just keep my mouth closed?


Real talk. Y'all let me know what I should do. Moving on next to the Buffalo bills, they played the Denver Broncos today and let me be real and honest with y'all today. Wait Bo N came out that first motherfucking drive Bo came like that motherfucking driveway town. I was like whoa, whoa buffalo in trouble. That's what I thought. I know y'all thought the same thing like man this gonna be a gang but let me tell y'all something ladies and gentlemen Bo Nicks them didn't do a motherfucking thing else. They didn't do nothing And why y'all keep showing old ass Sean Peyton boy you need Botox? Yeah you need more this motherfucking offensive lineman fan. You need Botox and I know you white people love Botox.


Y'all like running y ass up to the LA and getting them surgery but just what? You can't run the LA now LA on fire. Yeah we praying for LA too but you can't run your ass up there right now. So wrong with you motherfucker white folk. That's why y'all be aging like milk. Y'all gonna run down them putting their shit in your face. Putting them shit in your, when your lip them fillers in your lip making your lips be white people. Y'all ain't never had no big lips. Stop it now y'all want to talk about our lips but the whole time y'all wish y'all had lips like her stop it. I told you being black is some of the most greatest thing in the motherfucking world. Love my blackness And some of you niggas better love y'all blackness to but some of us done lost our blackness.


We you talk, we gonna talk about it on this show y'all. What y are your ears? What your ears? I love being black. I wouldn't change it for nothing in the motherfucking world. When white folks go out there in the sun, they gotta put sun tan on. Not me. Not your boy out. I walk out there all day like a motherfucking model. Ain't this sun like ain't bothering me but motherfucker shit burnt bacon. If they go out there more than 10 minutes in a hundred degree weather, you know I'm not lying. How a bad motherfucker in that wilderness put him in 110 degree weather. See motherfucker rather than and Clifford the re nose dog and y'all know it back to the game though.


Josh Allen did what he was supposed to do today. Yes he did 20 for 26 2 TD ran the ball, eight ran the ball eight times for five, six yards. But they did something real good today. They hitting the rock off the cook. Cook had 20, Kara had 23 Karas 120 yards. And one of my favorite stats of the day with the buffalo bills against the Denver Bronco, Buffalo had to ball 41 minutes and 33 seconds. 43 seconds. 41 minutes and 43 seconds. It's 60 minutes in the ball game ladies and gentlemen. That mean they control the ball.


Do you? They control the game. You know what I'm talking about? The defense of the Broncos couldn't get off the motherfucking field. If you can't get off the field that mean your offense is on the sideline. That mean you can't score. Guess what went on today? The Buffalo bills. How they motherfucking business today and it's leading up to the big matchup coming next week. The Buffalo bills versus the Baltimore Ravens early in the season, week five. Baltimore ran through them. I'm not sure you lying, you Baltimore ran through the Buffalo Bills in week five I think. What was the score? 35 to 10 Gary He had 199 yard.


You don't think the, you don't think Baltimore trying to duplicate that again? So you Buffalo you gotta know they gonna try to run that motherfucking ball again like that. You and if you ain't ready they will do it with no condom. Oh yeah, they'll do it to you with no condom in your grace telling you now Lamar is ready. This the game. I've been waiting on him. Yeah Lamar is you going to take it and you going advance. 'cause if you win this game right here, you in the a FC championship. Well it's just the chiefs or well as just them syrup, hippy na Texans. I'm pretty sure it's gonna be against them chiefs. But whoever it is though, you got to be ready.


These are the games right here Lamar, that's going to, that's going to separate you from the best real talk. This is what's going, this what you wanna to get up there with them big boys. You want to get up there with them Mahome and and all right it starts right here. And if I'm the offensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens, I'm not changing the motherfucking thing. I'm gonna keep running that ball. I'm gonna keep running that ball. I'm not finna do none of that other bullshit. But hand that ball off to that big motherfucker Derrick Henry and tell him go and get it. Go and get it. See and play our football y'all. We already know the game. Slow down. Most of these teams, they just wanna run the ball man. And that's what the beauty about having a run it back like Derrick hearing you 30 and 1 32.


It's hard to stop a team when they 30 and 1, 32, 38, 39, you know they got a pass. But Baltimore pretty much every time they 32, third and three, you not gonna be a team like that man. You gotta get some motherfucking stops. Now if I'm a defensive team and they running the ball like that, I'm gonna be honest. I'm blitzing every motherfucking play. I'm taking the ball. Like Derrick hearing hand, he stiff arming niggas are sending them to Moses. Do you hear me? I seen Derrick Henry stiff on a motherfucker and send them out to Jerusalem.


Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. See terms and conditions.


This is Matt Rogers from Las Coach Reis with Matt Rogers and Bowen Yang. And save the date. Prepare for chaos. You don't wanna miss you're cordially invited. The hilarious new movie starring comedy All stars Will Ferrell and Reese Wetherspoon. It's written and directed by Nicholas Stoller who's behind hits like forgetting Sarah Marshall. Get him to the Greek and neighbors disaster awaits. When two weddings are accidentally booked on the same day at the same destination venue with no alternatives to turn to. Each bridal party is challenged with preserving their family's special moment while making the most of the unanticipated tight quarters. Will Ferrell plays the father of the bride and Reese Witherspoon is the sister of the other bride as they stop at nothing to deliver the perfect wedding for the ones they love. From alligator attacks to black eyes, to shipwrecks, there's no shortage of wedding hijinks. After all, there's always fun in family. Dis th don't miss this. Laugh out loud showdown. It's feral versus witherspoon and you're cordially invited. Watch it on January 30th only on prime video.


This is Rob Parker from the Eye Couple with Chris Broussard and Rob Parker Here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you could experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Now on BET Wednesdays at ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what variety calls a PI drama with Flair. Meet Diara Bricklin. A public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date. With the help of her friends and even her ex-husband, Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Catch every one of the Breezy, juicy episodes as held by the New York Times co-starring John Sally Morris Chestnut and Felicia Rashad. One mystery zero chill. The critically acclaimed hit drama Diara from Detroit is now on BET Wednesdays at ten nine Central Search and with hashtag diara from Detroit. And visit bet.com for more


Them damn cornerbacks and free safety. Not trying to come down and hit that band like that when he get a full head thing. Ain't nobody trying to hit Gary Henry. 2 45. Them damn quarterbacks 180. You think they trying to come see? Gotta make a decision but when it's play out football, the lights is bright. All the cameras on you. Hell, hell any mistake you do it will be caught on film. Real talk linebackers ain't hitting the motherfucking holes like they supposed to hit them either. Motherfucker, you got a gap, you got the A gap and the B gap. Why you going through the C Gap nigga? Why you going through the C gap? Now I gotta bring you back on the sideline again. Look at this little as Samsung new thing right here and show you your mistakes.


But I shouldn't have to show you your damn mistakes because you know what you're supposed to be doing. People not doing they motherfucking job. And that's what go on right here in real life y'all. You got a female in your life man. She know she supposed to every Thursday she supposed to but this Thursday she want to go out to the motherfucking bar. Ain't no motherfucking ball night hoe. You supposed to be at the crib eating me. Do you hear me? You supposed to be at the crib eating police sauce this ho. But you want go to the bar? I got you mother fucking boy. Right. Damn you supposed to be here eating me. You wanna go to the bar? Let me find out what boy y'all hit. I'm finna go to the parking lot.


Let out some shots. Bow, bow, bow and drive off just So you can call and tell me baby somebody was shooting you Bullshit. Damn boo aint shooting. Know that's a sign. Might wanna start staying your ass at the high. Yeah you right. Whole time It's ain't bullshit, it's shit. I better wake up and smell a coffee but who you got next week? Do you got Baltimore? Do you got the Buffalo Bills? I think they playing in Buffalo. I don't know if it's gonna be snowing. Don't really be a damn but I think the one of these two right here can potentially beat the Chiefs.


I these two teams. I don't think the Texas can Beatle. I mean it would be great if the City of H Times could go to the Super Bowl and win it. It will. It will be great for the city but I just don't see it yet. 'cause I feel like the Houston, Texas, they're hurt. The offense is hurt but they But hey they beat the Chargers. It is what it is. But the one of these two right here, either one of these teams can beat the Kansas City Chiefs. Now I know the Kansas City Chiefs, they are the champions but they ain't the same champions as they used to be. So let's see next week what the Buffalo Bills can do against the Baltimore Ravens. Yes I want the Buffalo Bills win 'cause my little homie over there Keon Coleman.


But I gotta be a realist and I can't be bullshitting on my own show. That's something I ain't going to do. But the favorites is the Ravens. Now if the Ravens wins rightfully so. But I would like to see Buffalo win this game because this the way I look at it. 'cause I feel like all this shit read this the way I look at it now y'all guess it's just my opinion. That's what I'm thinking. If the NFL give Josh Allen the MVP, which Lamar Jackson should win it. But if they give it to Josh Allen Baltimore going to the Super Bowl hear me out. But if they give it to Lamar Jackson don't be surprised if the Buffalo bills somehow win this game next week.


I'm just telling you, I'm just throwing nigga out there. I feel like some bullshit is about to go on in the NFL playoffs. And I think we, some of us witnessed today, some of us witnessed shit today. Even with the with with the commanders and and and the books. All of a sudden now Baker Mayfield can't snap the ball. You know what I'm saying? Can't can't telling y'all man there's something going on. Y'all talk to me. I'm not, look y'all asked me do I think the NFL rigged? Yes I do think this shit rigged. I think they already got a script. I think they know who they want to be in the Unser Bowl. I don't think this script took a part of who going to win the Super Bowl but I think they got a point to the fact of they know who who going to go.


It's all about the money. It's all about the money. At the end of the day, how much can the end field benefit from the Mark Jackson winning the Super Bowl? How much can they benefit? It's their zebra Pat Mahomes win three in a row. How much will they benefit if Josh Allen finally get to the Super Bowl with Buffalo and win? Because we know Buffalo not only to get there but they can't win it. You know what I'm saying? Or how much would they win if the Eastern Texans make it to the Super Bowl and win it? No, Houston ain't never won nothing. What would that do for the city of Houston? Like it's a whole lot of things to go into play in here but I think they pretty much already know who they want in the in, in, in the Super Bowl at this point.


'cause they already milking it, putting the games on Prime. Ain't no telling how much prime Amazon Prime them done paid the NFL. You know what I'm saying? Ain't billions billions now Prime. Now they got the NBA got it's money in this shit man. Don't never think and what we gonna do, we gonna stop watching. Hell no we ain't gonna stop. We gonna talk shit man this shit real. But we started watching and we started betting on the motherfucking games. Simple as that. But I do got the Detroit lines going to the Super Bowl. I feel like they the best team in the NFC right now. But you know anything can happen. I just reason why I'm really to get sold on Detroit because I'm not sold on what I'm seeing for service as hurts.


I think the man still hurt. I still think he can concuss you got his ride receiver no matter what he's saying he a diva. He mad that he got one motherfucking catch. I don't care what y'all say. The boy mad that he got one catch but at the end of the day who gives a damn if your team winning But I get it though. You wanna have five catches a hundred yards of woo woo ain't gonna win it. I get it. I you want the ball and I'm right the show because when AJ Brown get the ball is they dangerous? I ain't gonna lie. They dangerous. AJ Brown is him But it shows though like that's all that announcers kept talking about looking at AJ Brown. Even if it ain't a problem but you got the announcers over real talking about it. You know what I'm saying?


Instead of talking about the game, they talking about AJ Brown reading the book. From what I've been told he been reading books but when it's the playoffs like this going on they gonna highlight this shit. Now all we could practice do AJ Brown like hers who give a damn. I don't really think they like one another to be honest. I don't. I don't really think they like one. I think they just coworkers. They just come here to do a job and that's it. But but Hearst do got to do a better job of getting that man the ball. You gotta get that man the ball early getting him involved in the game. So when you are running the ball he going mind run blocking for Saco Barkley. Come on man. It's a team game. It's a team sport. We all out to hear to try to get this Super Bowl man.


But you got some players they me players. I'm not saying AJ Brown and me player but I'm just saying that's the picture they'll paint. That's the picture they'll paint. It's telling you the truth. I want to see Baltimore and Detroit in the Super Bowl. That's gonna be gold. Detroit, Baltimore and the Super Bowl down there. New Orleans. Who The D Ooh Baltimore. Ooh 2 2, 2 2. Man. Yeah I can dig that though 'cause you know I ain't know. Hey my team ain't going nowhere. We probably ain't gonna do nothing for the next 20 more, more fucking years. So Baltimore, Detroit, we about the Chiefs and the Eagles rematch.


Y'all think about that shit. Yeah y'all, y'all think about that Chiefs Eagles rematch like what that will look like. Yeah I think about all that shit though. I mean you know I'm gonna get, I'm get into that 'cause the game tomorrow night we got the rounds, you got the Rams versus the Vikings tomorrow night Real Talk. I think they playing in Arizona I think if I ain't mistaken. No I'm tripping. They're playing in Minnesota. Minnesota got the be a record tripping but long story short, I got Minnesota beating rounds, I just, it gets something going on with Sam Donal this year 'cause he wasn't able to do shit when he got drafted by the Jets And the next team he went to, I forgot who he was with last year but he wasn't able to do shit.


But this year he was able to find his look. He was able to find his look with the Minnesota Vikings. What they finished 14 and two this year? Yeah I got the Minnesota beating the Los Angeles Rams tomorrow. I think it's gonna be 34, 33 Minnesota. But don't let me say this, I wouldn't be surprised if the Rams won just because of the experience that Matthew Stafford has and sung Mc they have. Don't just think this gonna be a pushover game. That M Soga Finn go in here and just run over you. Boy I don't think that one motherfucking bitch yo. They got PCA over there. They got old as Cup Cup. Anything can happen in this game but I think Minnesota going to win this game.


It's gonna be great for the city of Minnesota. Yeah it's gonna be great. Now do I think Minnesota if they get by this game, do I think they can beat the Eagles? I do. I do. You really do. I think Minnesota can beat the Eagles. I guess what how I feel. Hell I think the Rounds can beat the Eagles right now. That's just how I feel just because of the way Jalen Hurts has been looking. But I look for Justin Jefferson to come out tomorrow night and Baw. I look for Aaron Jones to come out tomorrow and draw. That's what I'm thinking tomorrow, tomorrow night gonna be fireworks in the NFL. I'm loving the NFL playoffs right now man 'cause it's nothing but game after game. Great game. People going at it and doing what they supposed to do.


I'm at the house watching the game. You at the house watching the game. Cowboys at the house watching the game. The packs at the house watching the game now you got right the Broncos at the house on at the house watching the motherfucking game. Kimmy Maceo because the Broncos at the motherfucking house. Everybody at the house now. Now we even real talk 49 fans y'all right where I'm at. Y'all talk shit to me Y year 49 fans. But guess what, you right where I'm at at the motherfucking house.


Drop your picks right now. What's the scope of tomorrow night between the Rams and the Vikings? Y'all drop your off picks right now and let me know if you're watching the show then you know it presented by prize picks. Yo scan that barcode right there First time user put $5 in, you get 50 instant. You bet more or less on your favorite player if you go decide to do it. What you should do, if you trying to get some money on make sure you put in my promo code trash with the two Hs. And if you can't watch this show, hey man just go to Apple podcast Spotify type in the bubble do show boom. Damn. Simple as that. Simple as that.


Somebody say 27 31 Herz was sitting because the NFL won him sitting. Her and Josh had the same stats but the NFL was hyping. That's what I'm saying. The NFL has been hyping Josh Allen up Rife as so he do have Grace stats though. Josh Allen do but I honestly feel like Lamar Jackson has better stats than Josh Allen. I ain't gonna say honestly, hell he do. So it gets simple as that. He got better numbers than Josh Allen. But you know the NFL gonna do what the NFL going to do. Like I just broke it down to if Lamar Jackson went MVP, I gonna think they going to the Super Bowl but if Josh Allen win MVP then they ain't, he ain't going to the Super Bowl.


That's the way I think they gonna look at it on that one Real talk. That's the way I think. But yeah Commanders won but that's your last motherfucking game winning homeboy to go and take this victory and and and be happy about it And you gonna be right where I'm at next motherfucking week. Book it. I got 1500 right now. I can say the commanders just lose their next game. Who won't take the bet? Put your money where your mouth at. Big boy Commanders will be at the house with us after next week. Real talk Desmond. Appreciate that. My guy Real talk I gotta give y'all commanders y'all credit y'all won but real football heads know y'all supposed to lose that motherfucking game.


Y'all supposed to lose that game. Simple Miss Field though. Buy snaps and all that shit. Y'all supposed to lose that game. Ty Bowes niggas motherfucking ass whoop up there in Tampa Bay. I wouldn't be surprised they let him go them games. You supposed to win. You a veteran team, you championship DNA. You supposed to win that motherfucking game. They were handing it to you on plotter and you didn't take it. Mike Evan was cooking tonight. I'm talking about cooking. It's a game of inches baby you ain't So you lose So either given Sunday you can lose. That's what happened tonight. Don't get, don't get too bigheaded though. Don't get too bigheaded though Commander because you don't want a little motherfucker player.


Don't get too bigheaded 'cause the shit over next week. Shit over next week. Just like my little homeboy Frank Martin when he went up against Tank. Good fight, good fight, damn good fight. But that shit end when you meet the champ man. Anybody hat on Commanders. The truth is the truth. I got 1500 saying that the Washington commanders lose they next game Now if you love your team that much, put your money in your and I love Jay Daniel Love what he doing, love what he did. But I'm a realist and I wanna know who going take the bait and don't say bet without putting the money up either.


Put the money up everybody hollering Bet but ain't nobody putting the money up. Put your money up big boys. Somebody say come out the win the Super Bowl. See never I got the commander fans high. I told you I like the commander. Y'all tripping man shit I ain't got the jersey for nothing man. Y'all warm my team at home. I ain't tripping. Y'all warm. My team at the high Dallas Cowboy tribe watching Commanders doing their thing right now. Good luck next week. But the shit ending.


Yep I gotta talk about that. Canelo Avarez and Bud Crawford is fighting sometime in 2025. Who you got? Who you got Canelo Avarez or Bud Crawford. And let me just say this, that last motherfucker gave him everything. He fucking knew it. That's how I like to judge fights and it was his First time moving on up in weight. But that what's the name Mag gave Bud what he wanted Bud we wanna go, some of y'all say he lost, some of y'all say it was a draw. I say Bud won that fight but he had to dig down deep to get it. Now when he going against contaminated steroid taking that Canelo? I don't see, don't be a big money fight to him.


I think, I think this gonna be Bud Crawford last fight. I think he gonna go out with a bang. I think he might make 80 to a hundred million off this fight and I hope he get every penny but I'm gonna tell you right now, them motherfucking niggas he was taking against Madre, he ain't going be able to take him against on Carrot top Canelo on that shit. Allegedly. But I think he still got it in his sister. I don't see it. He moving up in Wait fam No I don't see it. I I I want him to. I ain't gonna lie, I'm, I'm going for, I ain't betting no money though. I'm, I want bother. I ain't betting no money on the fight now but I won't bother to win but I don't see it.


That motherfucker miskin hit hard and the same way blood was getting hit. He can't take the motherfucker from carrot top like that. He can't what Charlo brother at that motherfucker still running when that Charlow brother, mother fighting goddamn Canelo. I thought he was running track. I watched that fight. I was right there in Vegas. I watched there, I seen Canelo hit that boy right here in this motherfucking fart. That nigga took a knee. Hey you doing taking the knee nigga you ain't no quarterback, quarterback take these, this nigga took a knee in the ring. Let you know Carrot top still hit hard. Don't think I don't want Bud to win shit I'm out for my brother because let me tell y'all something. My Mexican friend that's on here, you know I fuck with you but when it's a black fighter and the Mexican fighter y'all become racist.


Real talk y'all ain't lying. When a Mexican fighter fitting to fight a black fighter, my Mexican friends become racist. They don't like us all of a sudden that's this whole same time that's when y'all gonna wanna mow our yards no motherfucking more now come over my yard like you supposed to do nigga you been mowing this motherfucker but all a sudden when the black man whoop y'all, you gonna wanna mow your, now you wanna go up on your price now you gonna keep getting this $50 or or you can take your services somewhere else come January 20. There's gonna be some mother fucking changes on around here.


Hey unknown. You ain't lying. Y got love. I'm just telling you the truth And I I I ain't got real Mexican friends they'll tell you that. I'll tell you that. They love us all day. Some of 'em love us all day but when they fighting us man that shit, they take that shit seriously. They love they fight 'cause that's one thing I gotta say about the Mexican culture. They know some of they fighters can't fight but they still going to ride. Woo. We don't do that shit. We against one another now this and that. But shit, you, you like the bud fight Kalo and if you got a Mexican friend, watch how that motherfucker act against you when they get ready to fight and don't let Bud win that fight. Shit. They gonna stop talking to you for about a week or two. They gonna tell you it's Rigg. They gonna tell you Bud about the fight.


Watch they gonna come up with some excuses. I'm telling you now they did that to me with Mayweather. Mayweather fought Canelo back in the day but they don't wanna see us win shit. They don't wanna see us win at all Commanders one bro. I I, I can't, I can't, I can't knock it. They doing they motherfucking thing man. They won. All I'm saying is is you gonna be able to do it next week And the answer is hell no. Hell no. See I told you Cowboy fans, I got y'all back baby I got y'all back. Don't worry about it because them commander fans gonna talk shit all motherfucking week and they and and they and they supposed to real talk.


You know I really wanna put that jersey on but my Cowboy fans kill me.


Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services. Who various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the jumbo life@jumbocasino.com Pgw group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.


This is Matt Rogers from Las Coach Reis with Matt Rogers and Bow and Yang and save the date. Prepare for chaos. You don't wanna miss your cordially invited. The hilarious new movie starring comedy All Stars Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon. It's written and directed by Nicholas Stoller who's behind hits like forgetting Sarah Marshall. Get him to the Greek and neighbors disaster awaits when two weddings are accidentally booked on the same day at the same destination venue with no alternatives to turn to. Each bridal party is challenged with preserving their family special moment while making the most of the unanticipated tight quarters. Will Ferrell plays the father of the bride and Reese Witherspoon is the sister of the other bride as they stop at nothing to deliver the perfect wedding for the ones they love. From alligator attacks to black eyes to shipwrecks, there's no shortage of wedding hijinks. After all, there's always fun in family dysfunction. Don't miss this Laugh out loud showdown. It's feral versus Witherspoon and you're cordially invited. Watch it on January 30th only on Prime video.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Chris Broussard and Rob Parker Here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places


Now on BET Wednesdays at ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what variety calls a PI drama with Flair. Meet Diara Bricklin. A public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date. With the help of her friends and even her ex-husband Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Catch everyone of the Breezy, juicy episodes as held by the New York Times co-starring John Sally Morris Chestnut and Felicia Rashad. One mystery zero Chill. The critically acclaimed hit drama Diara from Detroit is now on BET Wednesdays at ten nine Central. Search and posts with hashtag diara from Detroit And visit bt.com for more.


I don't know if Za Flowers going to play next week or not but they going need him. They going need Zay Flowers next week. They gonna need all hands on deck next week y'all to beat the buffalo beat. They going need all hands on deck. I know y'all seen my boy Ja Moin hit the gang wing on Ant Man too. I saw that you shit, you can't beat no motherfucking trigger man. Ja Moin is the trigger man. If he was a motherfucker, if, if he was in the movie shooter he would've been Mark Walberg. Ja Ja Marin aint seen nobody. I shoot that nigga aint boy a golden eye shit. James ain't got shit on Ja Marin. That's double O cell shit.


Jain can shoot it on the court, off the court however you motherfucking want it. He can show me it. Ja wick I'm not bullshitting you. That boy in Memphis. If you think he ain't riding around with it, you a motherfucking lie. Ja Wick he showed us the real him and I don't blame him shit he ain't did no harm. Nobody. He ain't really, he ain't broke no law Even though he was getting suspended brought might have brought the law in the NBA but he really didn't break no law technically. Shit. You know what I'm saying? Everybody making a big fuss about it. Oh he having guns. Especially all my wife man talking shit. Y'all ain't say shit when y'all storm that motherfucking capital you motherfucker storm that capital.


Hell we can't even storm our motherfucking job without the FBI at that motherfucker shut it down. But them motherfucker swarm. Their goddamn capital ain't did. None of them don't go to jail either. Trump got 75 motherfucking feelings well at right now on the golf course playing and Cat. I ain't mad. I'm just mad because I can't do the shit that's on. I I can't do it. I know what I'm saying. I can't have no 75 felon and still playing Cat and go go may have my ass somewhere upstate. They have me in some penitentiary right now washing them niggas drawers and there. Oh I be magging that motherfucker you ain't humping on me but I be, I wash your clothes though. Ain't with that funny shit but I wash your clothes and all that because I don't wanna take no ass whooping.


Yeah I do all that before you trying to think you finna hit me never. I wash the clothes, the press, I'll do all that but you think you hump on me Never. I'm a boy. No goddamn humping on me now ain't going that route. But if you want your clothes washed, I do it. You want me to cook? I cook breakfast, lunch, all that. Ain't no humping on me. Ain't no touching on me. Ain't none of that going on shit nigga. My commissary four nigga. I keep a nigga up off me nigga I buy you five suits right now nigga don't you touch me? Yeah that's how lock them boy be surviving in prison. Appreciate that. I help make up Appreciate it darling. Appreciate that. Hundred dollars.


Yeah that's what I'd do if I was in jail and my family sending me money too. Shit. I got it made nigga. What you want suit for you suit for like Oprah giving out car suit for you, suit for you and suit for you. Who? Niggas Dub ain't getting honked on Dub dub. I ain't getting hit on that motherfucker. You got some people in jail right now. Commissary very necessary. Yeah yo pack is trash Fame ain't no motherfucking doubt about it. You play good all season. You down to the playoffs all of a sudden now these teams don't know how to play. All of a sudden now the coaches don't know how to coach. I'm not even blaming the players no more players. I don't blaming these bullshit ass coaches. You had a week or two to prepare and you didn't prepare. That's what I don't understand now you know what I'm running and you can't stop it.


Just like tonight they know Jack and Daniel was gonna run that ball and they couldn't mother fucking stop it But at the end all of a sudden now y'all wanna run a spy. You should have been running a spy all motherfucking game. Shoulda have been running a spy all mother fucking game. That's why the CCA news at the high and the Washington commanders have advanced to the second round. All about my brother getting the playoff win. Jay and Dame don't get on this show and think I'm just hating. I love to see a brother shine at the end of the day. Oh yeah. I'm just calling it like I see it. A real veteran quarterback will a war on this game against the Commander Baker ain't there?


I watched him today. He creamed. Yeah press a guy on and what Presser do? Presser bust pipes. I watched that young man Jay Daniel with poise took his time and handled his motherfucking business And I like what I seen from him. Boy got hard, he got a motherfucking coach over there. Come man you got Coach and Dan Quinn. Y'all gonna be good for years to come. I'm just keeping the buck even as a cowboy fan, I can't lie. And y'all a good motherfucking team. I just wish we had what y'all had. We ain't got it now. If you asking me right now, is Jay and Daniels better than D? You motherfucking right because he got heart. Dak ain't got no heart. He the motherfucking team man on ours and it hurts as the Cowboy fan to watch you Motherfuckers advance while we at work.


Cars won't start. We kind to get this motherfucker to AutoZone. I take my car to AutoZone, a button popped up and it said Dak ain't worth a damn square business. He ain't, it's the guy gonna get you Dak ain't worth a damn. Y'all check out to the Commanders man. I don't want, y'all feel like I'm hating. I ain't God damn. Y'all won rightfully show. Who Commanders got next week? Talk to me Or is it decided like the Vikings and the Rams. Who? Who Commanders gonna play next week? 'cause whoever Commander play next week they gonna have hell and I know they ain't got the Eagle. I know they ain't got the Eagle. I know that. Or do they got the Wing out? The Rams and the bike because they don't want me either one of them either.


Nah I give 'em a chance just the Rams. I ain't gonna lie. I give 'em a chance but the bike they playing in la. Who playing in la? You a damn queen with Trey last year because he with the Cowboy. I wanted him to be the head coach but Mike McCarthy ain't going nowhere man. Mike McCarthy ain't going no motherfucking more Detroit. Detroit in here y'all. Detroit Lines in here and Detroit. Let me say this 'cause I got y'all here to go to Super Bowl. Don't lose all 'cause y'all talking. Show little shit right now. I already gotta deal with high High Davis on this damn tour and Tony Robs on this tour two Detroit.


That guy I deal with on this mother fucking tour. Don't lose. If y'all lose, I'm gonna let y'all motherfuckers have it. I feel like it's y'all year. Y'all gonna let Terry Fiery he he off probation now I got damn he can move around. Act think Monk among God damn y'all got beat Meech. He at the house now. He got his teeth done like me. Hey good things going on in Detroit right now. I feel like it's Detroit. You appreciate that Dlec, I appreciate. I think it's time for the Detroit Lines to get to the Super Bowl and win it. They need to win it for the Ford Family. Real talk. Real talk. Ings on the road Doug Rams won they division you mentioned.


Haha, David. Yeah, we on tour. Man. Check out the high, high man. Real talk Detroit in the, I tell ain't number de Detroit people in this motherfucker. Commanders. Where y'all go talk y'all shit. Y'all warm man. Talk your shit commanders fan. Y'all talk y'all shit. My homeboy already been texting me. Hey talk y'all shit. What you supposed to do is talk your shit just not tuning in. I just got through talking my Bud Crawford and Canelo. They supposed to be fighting this year. It's gonna be a mega fight. I think. I say it's gonna be bud ass fight. I mean I think this the money fight that he looking for. He's finally Finn to get it. I hope he win. I don't see it but I'm, I'm, I'm going for him want him to win. I'm not betting no money but I want him to win. But I know Canelo down there now in Mexico getting all kind of shots and and motherfucker do anything to win y'all.


That's the thing. Motherfucker do anything to win and that's what you gotta apply in life. I ain't saying you gotta go out here and hurt, harm steal, but you gotta do anything you can to win. Especially if you got a family. If you got a family you can't be sitting at the house waiting on so blessing to come. You gotta go and create the blessing. Go and create it. I think some of the things most people hate to do is look in the mirror. Some people don't like looking in the mirror. Sometimes you get, I can look at yourself like man I ain't, I ain't pleased with me. Like I ain't, I ain't where I wanna be in life. I know the outside people might be looking at me like the got it going on, he doing this and that. But I'm not pleased though.


I'm not happy with who I am right now. I'm not happy like why I'm met Life and it because I need to do better. Like I need, I need to get closer to God like you know what I'm saying? There's just a whole lot of things that I, I need to be doing that I'm not doing but I'm working towards and doing. I wanna be a better person y'all. I wanna be a better dude on this show. I wanna cut back on the s and there's a whole lot of stuff I want to cut back on like Right. So y'all, y'all might be wanna do better things at but I'm working towards those things. I'm striving towards those things though. But it's always something that you can work on each and every day. That's how you become great Jordan. Them come the goat by not working. That black motherfucker worked, worked, worked on their chopper, worked on their goddamn turnaround each every day.


That's what MJ did. He might have been smoking cigars, he might have been drinking tequila, he might have been doing all other shit but he was in that motherfucking gym working and that's the same thing with LeBron in that gym working and it's showing right now. But what I don't like what's going on and I know y'all been hearing about this Drake, you better leave LeBron James alone. I don't know what's going on but there's a rumor floating around that you used to run two mans for LeBron. Man that man ain't no way that supposed to be getting out Dog Ain't no way. Real men don't talk. You going to tell what another man doing. That shit ain't cool get because you ain't getting your way just because King Lamore got the bet, the hottest record. I you don't do no shit like that fam.


I don't care if me and my homeboy ever fall out. I'm never telling that man business. I'm just not, he can hate me all he want, he ain't never gotta worry about me telling the world that he that if he was cheating on his girl, I'm gonna tell you I'm not saying shit dog. Real men don't talk boys talk, boys talk. Women talk real men don't talk. We take that shit with us to our grave man. And I think it's some whole ass shit that Drake doing this shit man. We don't do no shit like that to that man. All because that man like Kenrick Lamar music, the boy jamming, he just jamming Nigga come back out with a better hit that's I'll get back in the studio and make a hit.


What David er tell little boy when he went to go get some of that crack. What they telling man I ain't got no more. Well gimme what you got and go get me some more. Appreciate that old more appreciate that Fmo. I said oh just go and make another hit. Damn right. Justin Herbert with trash. I don't wanna hear his name no motherfucking mo either with the elites. I don't wanna hear Justin Sherbert my name no motherfucking Mo. He ain't had no receipt. All I hear is excuses. Excuse, excuse, excuse, excuse. I don't wanna hear no motherfucking mo. You went up there and got that goddamn cheat now Jim Harbaugh, he came in, you won what? 1111 gain. Y'all what?


11 seven. I wanna hear it. Tom Brady didn't have nobody over there for years and won. I want hear it don't, I don't want hear nothing about Justice Sher but no motherfucking Mo ain't got no receivers draft one good man I'm displaying Detroit. Oh my God. Ooh it is So hard, hard to say goodbye to your Who want that be Commander First line Saturday I got 1500 on the lines.


Big boys come get come get. Yeah I take that be right now. Nah you can't really but I keep, I hear y'all keep saying that he ain't got no receivers. A lot of quarterbacks ain't got no receivers bro. But they make, they making that shit happen on the cool they making that shit happen. So, but we'll see, we'll see what Justin Sherpa can do. Trash of the day going to the motherfucking green baked packs. Trash. Jordan Love been throwing for 275, 280 yards all motherfucking year. But today you can't do nothing out his elbow.


He had two motherfucking weeks off to fix that elbow. Won't y'all shoot him up with the shit that y'all shook on? Y y'all shot that zero When Holmes with when he was in the Super Bowl against them. Eagles motherfucker couldn't even walk off the field. They shot him up with some shit. Halftime that nigga came out running like you saying boom that who needs to been drug tested after the game. Ain't no motherfucker catch, ain't never been fast but he was that second half against them. Eagles fucker was elusive. Like Mike Bick on Mad no seven. You think I'm lying? Go watch the tape. That boy Pastor Mahome was running like Mike Dick on Mad oh seven they had to to him off the field but halftime he come back off the halftime all of a sudden he can't be stopped.


Make it make sense. That's what that shoulda shot Jordan Love up with. Wherever that was. Quarter zone shot James shit. When Dwayne Wade and LeBron James when they was in Miami when? When they were playing against the Indiana Pacers. Y'all remember that series LeBron them head, he against them pacers that series remember way back was to up couldn't really move. He went in halftime. That nigga came back out like Kobe Bryant shot him up something. I dunno what it was but he wasn't in no more motherfucking pain. He was back dunking and doing everything else. That's what they should have gave Jordan Love. I know they got it. I know they got that same shot on there. Nigga shoulda took the shot because he wasn't able to do nothing.


So Commander's playing the lines. So that mean the Eagles playing the winner out Vikings and the Rams. All this shit getting good y'all. Oh this shit getting good. Nah, appreciate that Libo. This shit getting real good right here. Had the bury my dad yesterday dub for hipa. I ain't doing any hard time bro. Appreciate it man. Condolences to you Libo and your family bro. Man. Prayers to you and your family man. Glad my comedy could help you in times like this bro. Yeah. Prayer for you. Stay strong brother.


Yeah man. Death is something we can never, never get used to bro. You know we all, we all getting up outta here but man your pop's in a better place. I don't know him. I gonna know his age but what I can say ain't no more pain. He ain't gotta worry about no more bills. He in a better place. He resting man we the one still gotta fight the war. We the one still gotta win the race and that's one thing about life y'all. We all gotta go but I pray, I pray we go the right way, like old age shit like that. Not us harming one another. Dying in car wrecks and all this other, somebody gunning this down man. I hope we all go old age man. That's, that's the way to go but RIPG Lebo and his family.


Appreciate that brother. Everybody in the chat praying for you and niggas where he live, but it is, it's another feeling we're going on too with Packers. We gotta bury the Packers tonight. We got Bury the Broncos as well and, and yeah. Yeah we it's a service, you know what I'm saying? And and and we gotta do it. We cremating them. Yeah the Buccaneers has been cremated tonight by the commanders. Yeah. Smoke smoking on their Baker Mayfield pack tonight. Yeah we smoking on they baker. Hell smoking on that baker.


You know we going again. You know I'm going live again tomorrow night after the game. I'm not bullshitting. Y'all wanna watch. Damn. I'm gonna give y'all a motherfucking show till tomorrow night after the game. Meet me here and turn on your notification right now so you'll know when I'm going live tomorrow. Matter of fact, I think it's time for me to give away some more jerseys so I got the people who won. Appreciate y'all appreciate the videos. Y'all send pictures. Thank y'all for the newcomers that's coming in. They getting win. I told y'all I'm still gonna be looking out for everybody so it's time for me to start giving away some more jerseys. So put your Jersey sizes in what jersey you would like and maybe you could win a jersey man. Yeah, that's what I'm doing. I'm gonna be pulling up to a playoff game this weekend too.


I don't know what game I'm gonna go to. I might be in Detroit, you just never know. But if I'm going to Detroit, I'm gonna let my Detroit fans know I'm gonna be there. Y'all can pull up and chop and go with me and y'all could be a part of The Bubba Dub Show as well. Man. Once again, thank y'all for tuning in Peace of love and I out The Volume


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play experience Social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the cmba life@jumbocasino.com. BG W proved no purchase necessary. Board web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.