
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary v GW Group void for prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of forklift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one min answer per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Member Week is here at Lowe's. Don't miss your chance to get up to 40% off hundreds of items like paint, outdoor and home essentials and more. Shop our exclusive deals happening in store and online now through May 14th, not a rewards member. Join for free today and get ready to save more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty program subject to terms and conditions details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


The Volume. What it do everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. You already knew who I am. Bubble dub Late night edition. Yeah, we going to get real motherfucking busy at night. I'm by myself. I heard your complaints. God damnit I listen but hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button and when you do, keep your notifications turned on because you never know when I'm going to drop some He over him. Stay up all motherfucking night. It went down to the and pulled that off.


Say come here 31 come. Yeah. Did what they supposed to do. They at the crib. They pulled the golf. They didn't make no mistakes. The last six, seven minutes of the game. No, no turnovers. They were getting bucket after bucket. The, the, the, the, the nuggets kept turning the ball over. Only person people, people that were making shots was Murray and Yos. Westbrook. Four points. 3 3, 3 3. Five. Trash. That ain't gonna fucking get it. Brody. You a league pp. League pp. Once a time Westbrook coming off the bench.


That ain't gonna get it nigga. You a veteran. You a veteran playing against a young group in the OKC. OKC was more POS tonight. Do you hear me? There were more POS tonight. They wasn't prone to make it more turnovers in the four quarter. The turnover was really close. 16 to 14. The damaged thunder by two. But what I seen tonight more than anything when the game was on the line Shay, Shay got down there and made motherfucking points. Shay made the right pass. Shay made the right decision. That's all it was in this game right here tonight because yo is balled out 44 motherfucking points.


Yo is balled out. Mary had 28 but Michael Pauler Jr. Where you at? Nigga two point trash. That ain't championship ball. Two points. You played 30 so minutes. You gimme two points. You got your hand up in the huddle. When we say nuggets on three nigga left. That ain't gonna get it. Aren Gordon had 13 points. He normally been scoring 20 points a night. He was six for 13. That's all he gave him a 13 points a night. That wasn't enough to beat the OKC thunder tonight. I'm super happy for the OKC Thunder 'cause they going back to Denver which we already know.


Denver going to win game six. Ain't no doubt about that. The NBA going milk this shit because everybody tune in tonight. Everybody gonna tune in for game six and getting ready for game seven in Oklahoma. That's what's gonna happen. So trust me on this, you won't see the OKC Thunder team that you seen tonight. You won't see in Denver. I'm gonna be honest. The rest miss a whole bunch of calls tonight. I'm being being nothing. The ref missed a whole bunch of calls tonight and I know why. You know why Vegas? Hey they gotta get their money worth. I ain't mad at it but I love great playoff basketball. They Intensity was high tonight.


I mean our stars, they showed up. Yoki showed up. Shay showed up. Shay had to show up. Jalen Williams showed up tonight. Shay had 14. Williams had 18, Hornstein had 15. I mean the starting five fucking thunder, all five of 'em was in double figures. Now for the, for the the the nuggets. You know like I say Mary had 28, Yos had 44, didn't nobody else do shit. I mean Gordon had 13, that was it. Christian Brun trash ain't done a motherfucking thing but rung up down the court but want some Gatorade during time out. You ain't getting no goddamn Granny ray boy you ain't done shit. How the you thirsty. You ain't done a motherfucking thing but fire.


So I'm looking for game six. I'm looking for for the the nuggets to come out at home on fire. Be honest, I think the thunder might lose about 20 game six. That's just the way I see it shape enough for game seven to be plagued in OKC and I got OKC winning that game by four points game seven. That's just what I got right now. I know y'all might beg to differ. I know y'all might say You know what the n is gonna win the next two game. Hey that just how you feel that just how you feel. But I simply think tonight just for the night man I really feel like OKC Thunder they made a a big jump in not getting discouraged 'cause they was down in the fourth quarter by I mean third quarter by like 12 or 13 points and they just kept chipping away, chipping away, chipping away, knocking the lead down.


Caruso came in, gave him, gave him a spark. And I just think when they come back home for game seven it's just gonna be too much for Denver to overcome. And so that just the way I see a series re playing out right now. But great game by the way. Like how y'all feel about that game tonight. Like that was a great game. Thunder up three, two. I love what I seen. I watched every minute of the game. It was exciting. It wasn't boring. Watching Yoki make them difficult ass threes he making Mary was bawling. Like I say Westbrook and the bronze and the Michael Porters, they didn't step up like they normally do and that cost their team tonight 'cause Mary and them only can do so much.


They Mary got his hand full on the defensive end with Shay. I mean they going at him like they they battling and that's what players supposed to do in this NBA game. They supposed to go at one another. Ain't no motherfucking friendship. When when when the referee blow. That woo ain't no friendship. I don't like you nigga. You know after the game we can be cool but during the game we enemies dog like I'm at your motherfucking door, I'm going at you. I'm trying to go fall too. You fall down. I'm not reaching my hand out to pick your punk ass up. That's not something I'm going do. I'm trying to destroy you. What got love about this game tonight? Them boys battling man y'all talk to me, y'all let me know how y'all feeling? It's been a crazy day going on.


I've been following the trial of Morgan Freeman. I mean P Digger. I've been following the trial of what's going on between him and Cassie and God it's a freak fist going on. Diggy like the cu of another man to be put on his nipple. God dammit. I don't know what's going on no more. But he seemed like to me Cassidy love, Cassie love. What was going on man, I'm just saying y'all, y'all could say what y'all wanna say about poor but what what? But what I seen is I seen a woman that liked this shit. Maybe she was nipple manipulated. Maybe she was, maybe she wasn't but she liked what was going on and she can do a goddamn thing to stop it.


Leave she can do a goddamn thing to stop it because she could have stopped it. She could have left. She could have left on her own will but she didn't do it. Why? Because she wanted money and Fame. Now tell me I'm lying letting another man come on you and you take the comb and you put it on P diggy. Nipple nipple. Give your goddamn kids at this trial. You nasty. Some of you kids your you got daughter they listening at the fifth that you was doing dog. I understand you want your family there but my daughters, they can't be in this.


They can't be in this trial. They can't be in this courtroom. Daggy are free daggy a nasty motherfucker daggy like men. You know what I'm saying? They always thought daggy like women But now nigga you like men too. You getting down and dirty with me and you liked it Cassie, you locked it. Go and shower nasty ass. So y'all all this time digger used to come on the Breakfast club and all the other podcasts and speak love boy you should have been speaking gay and you owe a gay community or apology did it. You owe bro you bisexual adult and that's okay.


It's just what you are. It's okay bro. It's okay. Nothing wrong with that. That's what you are but you, you in denial now we all know it's out there. There ain't no speculation no more. It's out there. You should come out the closet bro. Yeah come on out love and let the people know you like that ham and you going to just, and he ain't gotta be Thanksgiving for you to get the ham either. You want ham each and every day. You in jail cell right now. I know you getting ham. I know he getting the ham. Y'all can't sit up here tell me dig. He ain't getting ham. He getting it. That's what's going on. Y'all can say what y'all wanna say about him. Need to be in jail. Well Cassie you need to be in jail too because she was participating in the nasty filthy ass acts.


And like I say, P Diggy ain't the only celebrity that's freaky. It's a lot of more freaky motherfuckers out here in the world and it's going to come to the light but you can't go to jail for being freaky. I understand if he was trafficking women, if he was abusing women and drugging people, I understand he should be in jail but you shouldn't be in jail for being a goddamn freak. Past time I checked who helped him was a goddamn goddamn freak too. Hug Hefner was fucking with them 15, 16-year-old girls too. But y'all didn't think it was a problem. You thought it was cute He was putting them in the magazine. Well he shook a big in jail too. He died. That's okay but let's go and and dig up his grave and goddamn and put some handcuffs on the dust that he is now.


God damnit. Damn right. I 4 9 2 4 2 commit y'all all y'all did that. Y'all did that to Bill Cosby. Bill Cosby goddamn 95 years old. He don't remember what he dig in the fifties rather he dig or he didn't. He don't remember which y'all took his ass to jail. How many of you did Bill Cop do? Five, six years? Come on now man. Right is right wrong is wrong man I'm tired of seeing us put up here on the news man and and talked about ridiculed and I this and that but when they come to these white folks y'all want y'all, y'all try to hide what they done or disman what they done or little d daddy wasn't in his life serious.


Is that what we doing now? He had a terrible childhood but how many childhoods a dig had? Didn't D daddy get killed when he was young? We ain't talking about that always. No. So you can't send the man to jail for being the freak. You only can send the man, the man to jail for committing crimes. Now if the man ain't committed no crimes, then y'all got to release that man did it Now I think, I think he'll disgust that motherfucker. But from what y'all telling me he ain't, he ain't did nothing. Y'all gonna have to prove that man. But I just don't like the fact that the kids, them, them girls dig a guy, they in court, they listening to all the bullshit that they father did.


And I guess, I mean I guess I'm different man. If I know if I was into them Lou acts, I don't want my dogs around to even hear the type of shit that I had going on. But y'all talk to me, y'all let me know how y'all really feel about this shit. You know what you want your kids to hear this shit in court and because they You know this shit gonna be all in the paper. This shit gonna be all over social media tomorrow. Me, I mean Cassie, I mean if I'm Cassie's new boyfriend or husband, I'm looking at this bitch different. I don't mean to call her no B but I'm looking at this whole different like you ain't what I thought, I thought you was the freak. You know you showed, you already gonna show me you, you, you, you you get down arrogant but Ain ain't know you getting down there like this.


You letting a nigga piss on you and shit piss in your mouth. Ain. Come on man. And you want to kiss me N not kissing you NI don't know man. Like everybody different man. That's what I say everybody's different. Everybody got their own preference. Some of these ho like trains run on some men light rung trains on women. Not me. I'm not big in no room with now another nigga but naked. No now you me but nigga with some other women but we a man in the room and I'm but naked no not don't help. So we all made mistakes right but on the up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota let's go places.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mit mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee default terms@mitmobile.com.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like and sometimes it's like Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues with the free fix finder service we can read a check engine a, B, s or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So you Don't need to hear the Not with fix finder. Everything. You need nothing. You don't Get in the zone. Auto zone Restrictions apply.


Yeah she was thirsty but she pulled up with that shit though. I don't care what y'all say. Cassie was thirsty for the Fame and for the money and she got what she wanted out of it. Now that the people got him in jail now she want some sympathy. Ain't no motherfucking sympathy baby girl. 'cause you could have been left, You know Good god damn. Well Diddy wasn't gonna do nothing with your career. You couldn't sing pretty good no goddamn way. So it ain't no thought that you thought you were gonna be his top single. No you seen the picture. You know Diddy was doing this to you all along. You could have been up but you didn't because You know you wanted to reap the B fist of the situation and you did that. But this trial is nonsense. They ain't got nothing on Diddy man.


They ain't got nothing on Diddy but some damn baby oil. That's all they got. What kind of a motherfucker go a FB? I go in re Manheim and re baby oil. That's all. That's how fuck y'all got baby oil. What the tape y'all said they had? What they they gonna have them but what they wanna do, they want people like us to come over here and talk about it. Talk about how nasty he is. Well we know he nasty but if he ain't committed no crime, yes we know he hit cast. We know that. But he ain't in jail for that. He ain't in jail for that. So y'all the LBI whoever it is, y'all gotta do more than that bullshit. We ain't gonna just take our brother down just behind him being a freaky motherfucker And he is freaky but nah, nah I'm not gonna fall.


Fuck but not in the tailpipe. I'm not gonna do that shit y'all, I'm gonna come over here and talk shit about him. Call him all kind of nasty motherfuckers. But I'm not gonna give on my short and protest that he should be in jail. I'm not going to fucking do it. I'm not going do it out. If I'm gonna say anybody should be in jail, it should be my baby mama brother. That motherfucker need to be in jail 'cause he sell a dope. He want to jump on me from time to time. God damnit and and and he a bully that anybody need to be in jail. It should be him and God damnit. I write goddamn a a a statement right now against Ain. We got all that bully and shit man. I'm too old to be getting goddamn damn bully. I'm too old for you. Be putting your hands in my eye. I'm too old for you to be slapping me. You not doing none of those damn things to me.


No damn hope. I bet you had got the district attorney. No I call her I goddamn now you won't see your kids. Don't the only way you see your kids through a glass. I bet you hit fuck Roger. Roger ain't coming home. Y'all can see on this show all y'all want and talk about Ra fuck Roger. Roger going back to jail. He ain't supposed to be out no motherfucking way but yeah but that's okay. I got something for his smart talking ass too. Real talk. I told y'all he shouldn't words to me that he won't forgive me. He won't talk nigga. I know you don't wanna talk. I know you really wanna do something to me for telling on you. And guess what?


I got something for your bad ass too. Yeah come come with 500 figure me you in violation. Real talk. You gonna go right back to jail again And I can't wait because right now I'm walking on edge. Say your stupid secret when your ass back in jail. I God damnit I'm the man of you. Fuck Roger. Somebody dig it. Yeah he gonna snatch me up N I'm the last motherfucker dig it. Worried about in this world dig. It is not worried about me. Me, I'm not going there no motherfucking Diddy. I don't play those type of game. Diddy don't run up on real nickels. I'm one of them. Might not could fight but I'm a real nickel. See that's the problem with some of y'all.


Y'all think real nickels, y'all gonna be young. So dope done shot somebody a group in the hood. You ain't got to be all that to be a real nigga. A real nigga. Take care. His business real nigga take care his folks do you hear me? A real nigga believe in God. That's I believe in my Lord Do you hear me? He give me five. He give me common sense. If I can't fight Lord standing around knowing somebody that want ho me, I'm gonna stand around and wait for 'em to do it. Never. I don't play no type of games man. I'm not gonna talk shit. When me and you in the room by yourself one on one.


I ain't got nothing to say. You got it. It's all good. But when I'm on my show by myself virtual, I'm the badies motherfucker in the world. I knock Mike Tyson ass out right now. Yeah 'cause it's virtual. I could say all that but if I see Mike in person, I ain't got shit to say. It just me. I'm smart. I know how to maneuver. Some of y'all don't. That's why some of y'all be getting y'all ass shot up 'cause you, You know what I'm saying, you wanna be hard all the motherfucking time. You gotta know when to be soft Nick. Yeah you Ain. You gotta know when to be soft. Can't be hard all the time. Every day. All motherfucking day you going to pick up your daughter from daycare. You hard at the daycare too nigga.


Stop it. Stop it. I still got my motherfucker security guard. I told you I got Muslims on my team now. That's what's wrong with y'all. I still got the Muslim brothers and I'm paying them with my good Christian money from my good Jewish agent to not bean pies out y'all niggas too. I still got my Muslim brothers on my team. I'm just letting y'all know, making y'all think I'm by myself. I'm never by myself. I got them good FOI brothers on deck and they don't bullshit either. Real talk or ask some they come here. My brothers never lead me by myself. They always by my side man.


And that's one thing I can respect about the nation. They never lead they brothers by they self man they with me 24 7. They, they it my daughters, You know what I'm saying? Certain shit and and and I love it man. And I feel so safe around the FOI brothers man. I feel safe around them than anybody ever felt in my life man. And y'all should y'all, I mean I ain't saying y'all should join the nation but y'all should have some nation friends. Like, like I got, I got two security guard. They they, they Muslims and them motherfucker strong. They gonna motherfucker do. I'm not bullshitting. They can get down dirty with them goddamn hands if you think I'm lying. You had, you had my arm baby mama brother shit you sl real tall.


Real I'm talking about motherfucker got in the car and drove out. Come here. I ain't never seen that nigga run. He ran that day. Come here. It got hot quick and I was excited too. And your big bag ass back. You wasn't doing that when you were jumping on me. Shit. You was all, you was you, you on the recording. Now come let me show you what these goddamn dollars to do for you. Come on. Think you need protection from yourself. Yeah. He need God and, and and a couple of more guys for him 'cause I don't know what done got any dig. He lost his way. But sometime we all lose our way but me Ain losing our way like that.


Right. We gotta continue to pray for the brothers. The brothers sick. Sean Calms is sick. He needs some help and I just hate seeing us just fall like that the way we fall bro. Like us black people, we get, You know we do so great in life. We do things that we never imagined we could do And then to fall the way he's falling man it is. It just, but that's the way the devil work. You know the devil going to give you more of what you like. If the, if the devil know you like hoes, he gonna make sure hoes always around you man. And that's just the way the devil operates. See some people understand the devil go to church too. Oh yeah. The devil go to church and see who he can divide from.


The good lord don't think he don't he do. The devil got power man. He ain't get power for his guy but the devil got power man. Some of y'all people in the chat right now, you probably going through some things in your life and the devil telling you do bad things. That's the devil man. Don't worry about it man. Go rob somebody. Yeah go sell some dope man. Go, You know go do things that you shouldn't normally do. That's the devil. You got a girl you supposed to be faithful devil coming out. Come around find chick thick short hair, yellow. Ooh I'm talking about smelling good. Smelling like ooh dandelions come here. That's the devil telling you uncle. That ain't God.


That's the devil. Don't y'all understand that the devil got blessings too. The devil got blessings too. The difference between the blessing devil, the devil blessing is this, you can never get full from the devil. You always gonna want more with God. You can get full Baby Diggy has got full Diggy has got Diggy has been eating the Devil's blessing for 30 and 40 something motherfucking years. Man ain't nobody never told him no anything he want. He can get any woman he want. He can get. He Ain nigga he want he can get. That's what Diggy been Diggy ain't never been told no until now.


And that's what's going on right now man Diggy Diggy should have never been getting away with this shit that he's getting away with but he's got away with it 'cause his mother, his persona, his his power, You know what I'm saying? His poor, his connections has allowed him to do good things he's been able to do but no longer. That's how the good Lord no longer will you continue to do this bullshit that you've been doing. You going straighten your ass up. I don't care how much money you got, you going to straighten your ass up one way up like my girl, she know I ain't got no goddamn meat. That's why I been trying to do anger wheel God damn right. I'm gonna make your ass my own one.


Real. No I can't make you moan in the cat but God damnit I can make your mo in the back Damnit let last nigga do it. Well I can't do it. I'm paying all the bills taking care of your kid. God damnit let me get it. No I gonna give a goddamn what hole you put it in but lemme put it in the hole baby. Yeah that's your problem baby. I wanna do anger. I don't do all that and y'all nigga settle for it. I beat damn I'm the goddamn doing all this and that around the house morning the yard helping family member goddamn put it hit. Damn right. They ain't thought no one doing them doing doing nasty, doing lug acts.


There's some other ones and they going to fall too. They gonna fall too eventually. Don't think they won't think they getting away with it now but they not getting away with it. The be the on buggy don't get my money last. That's the thing about the devil blessings. You Think you can get away with it? You can run, you can run run so far but the Devil blessing got a hook on you. You can run so far then it yank you back at the end when you running with the good Lord. You ain't never got a worry about that. Never got to worry about that. But that's enough on the dig situation man. Hopefully that brother in his cell getting some rest or he probably got his face down ass up right now.


Whatever you doing digging, you're doing it but you gonna come home from this one but how you going? How you going to act when you get home or you gonna be bragging about it or you going really settle down and do start doing the fight things Bro we ain't saying you can't sleep with men 'cause you can do whatever you wanna do. We ain't saying all that. We ain't saying that you can do that. You can't be running up behind women and putting them motherfuckers in brow hugs and I now that's what you can't be doing now, now now God digger now. Now the world saw that now you came out and you said she was lying and then we seen dig yo you sneaking up behind this woman in Steph mode and and I ain't never seen a motherfucker in Steph mode that's pitching to Digger Pigeon to like a motherfucker boy Digger bad bitch digger is a BB a bad nickel in case y'all didn't know dig a bad build motherfucker boy Money made motherfucker look good.


I'm telling you money motherfucker boy it can't by happening but he can buy every goddamn thing else. That's all I'm saying. Money can't by law but it can buy everything else. It's a good down payment for some shit and dig it. Money has allowed him to do some of these things now but he's not the only one. Somebody else. I'm telling y'all man Diggy got secrets and that's gonna be his way of getting out. He gonna start exposing some folks and God damnit and I can't wait 'cause everybody got everybody just looking at dig Diggy this, Diggy this dig it that and there's some other people out there that's worse than Diggy that ain't been caught yet but it's don't come to the light. What you do in the dark will come to the light and I can't wait.


Same way moving back to the sports now same way with the Cleveland Cavalier front rung ass motherfucker. All your balling beating everybody doing this and that. Well guess what Branch go on Pace. Holler bring turning they ass up. Everybody thought it was gonna come down to Boston and the cows will. It didn't. Indiana, Indiana Pacers beat them boys four to one. They won the day. 1 14 1 0 5 man Indiana man East Conference finals who Wea knew who saw this coming man and they got a great chance of going to the NBA finals. I mean pretty much they probably gonna be face facing the New York Knicks And that's another surprise too.


The New York Knicks, they up three one right now in the Boston Celtics. We praying for your take 'em you to your Achilles but they was beating y'all before that could even happen. So I don't want nobody on Boston saying oh man y'all only be because take hurt you a motherfucking New York on y'all ass and y'all know it but the Pacers defeated the the Cleveland Cavaliers today. Tonight And I'm super excited for the city of Indiana. Man they deserve it. Just the whole city is just, it's starting to be revived again with Kaitlyn Clark coming through with the WNBA. I don't know about the coach but But with the fever and with the the Pacers man holler Burton man, Turner man the things they've been able to do over the cycle coming from Toronto, it's, it's a good thing.


It, it's just good for the city. Cleveland is a disappointment to win all those games in the regular season. Get the hopes up for the city. Donovan Mitchell was talking, You know after the first round he was doing things that LeBron was going to do. Nah fam LeBron wasn't getting exited in no second round dog. LeBron wasn't having the best record going home in no second round dog. Mobley had good game him and Mitchell but nobody else stepped up and helped the Cavaliers if, if I'm a Cavalier fan, this is just a a disappointing season no matter what you did in the regular season. It's all about what you do in the postseason and we seeing that right now how the Pacers is a postseason team. Holler Burton is stepping up.


Lot of people don't like him talk down on saying he this and that but all holler Burton doing the fucking winner and leading this team to the Eastern Comfort Finals and we'll see how that plays out between them and the Knicks because I gonna see Boston winning this series. Y'all can give me y'all thoughts on that as well. But I see the Knicks Pacers old school rivalry. I remember the Patrick Youngs, I remember Reggie Millers the choking with the Spike Lee situation. It's all good for Reagans. I think that's gonna be one of the highly wide series of the NBA district. If the Knicks go ahead and pull it out between the Knicks and the Pacers, I can't wait to see that and either or a thunder ugly nuggets.


Whoever come outta that series gonna be facing Ant man. So man this shit is exciting. I'm just, I'm alive to, to be able to go watch this shit and what's going on. You got the Kevin Durant, they knocking in this courage, they finna be out. LeBron got the crib. I mean that's a new league right now. It's a new day and age and we watching these players now take over so just enjoy this shit, You know what I'm saying? Don't take it for granted. We ain't gonna be seeing no more carriers. We ain't gonna be seeing no more Durant. We ain't gonna be seeing no more LeBrons. We finna be seeing the Luas, the an mans, the Hollow Burtons, they making names for theyself right now. So I'm super excited about that man.


I just hate that the Diggy situation just kind of, You know what I'm saying, taking over everything, what's going on in the, in in the sports world any sense. But man there was some damn good games tonight. I enjoyed the game that I watched tonight. Real talk gie Miller slapped the do shit. I already celebr. Hey real talk Reggie Miller was one of them ones bro like Gie Miller one of them guys he was going battle like he had battles against mj, he had battle against them. Nicks he had battles against the Miami Heat and 'em with the, with You know like just baling man. Like yeah we cool we homeboys but on the court we killers and and that's what's done changed.


Now in in today's world, these women got men at home but they got men at work too. They got work boyfriends and that shit got the motherfucking stop. Bitch you can't have no motherfucking work work boyfriend bitch I don't, You know I will come to your motherfucking job job. I'm like that.


Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head To your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota let's go places.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpay. No but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees, extra fel terms@mintmobile.com


Get Into Zone auto AutoZone. Welcome to bundle deal days at AutoZone. Well I do need a bundle of things When you bundle you save. Do I save if I bundle oil with an oil filter Save up to $12 on that bundle. What About brake pads and rotors Bundle? Those and the brake pads are free. Can't save more than free. You can save on hundreds of deals during bundle deal days ends June 2nd at AutoZone. Get in the zone. AutoZone Restrictions Apply Durast brake pads only.


I know I'm short quiet, ain't got no hands but god dammit I could pull that goddamn drink of dope nigga don't fight with me. Ain't no goddamn work boyfriend around this son are you? You crazy. You can't even love your daddy. Ho You going love me and only me work boyfriend my ass. He buying you lunch Bitch you better starve yourself. I don't give a death you in eight, three days King man. Nigga buy you nothing to eat Miss Storm they showed me you really love me. You willing? That's to prove your love of me because I do it to you.


I really love you bitch. Can't nobody feed me but the good Lord. I don't give a damn what woman come around this motherfucker wanting to feed me. If I'm into you and I love you, can't nobody feed me but God. Some of you women need to start starving. Ooh my work friend bought me something to eat. You greedy ho you. You ain't getting nothing for Christmas. You been, you been real. Think about it fellow. You send your girl to work, she broke. She ain't got nothing Eat you go and pick her up. She all running around jumping the happy belly full bitch. What your belly doing? Full? It supposed to be empty.


You have calories in you. Oh Jonathan about everybody some meat. You are motherfucking lie. Jonathan bought your ass something to eat 'cause she first now I got the Yeah now you gotta work overtime because you finna be a goddamn coworker. Short real talk. You Finn be a coworker short now you gotta work overtime now you gonna be double hungry some days because you like to run your mother. That's us. Like I tell you, you can't please everybody baby. You can do certain shit for people and it's okay at that moment. But the minute you tell them bullshitting ass niggas no they don't like you tell me I'm lying.


You can do everything right. You can do anything. You can for people. You can break your back for folks. But it is never enough And that's just the way the world is man. It's never enough man. You could be the best person, you could help a person get a house, help them get a car, help 'em get outta jail. But the minute they call you and need something and you tell them no, they going to talk all kind of shit about you. So always remember this please yourself, Please GOD you can't never please man.


Remember that. Please GOD because you can never please man. 'cause man want everything, woman want everything man. You can't satisfy everybody. Some people going to like you. Some people not going to like you man. Ain't that you done nothing to 'em. That's just the way the world is. Don't get too high and don't get too low. Don't get so upset. What's that? Don't like me. It said okay they talked about Jesus. Matter of fact they killed him. So who are you and I? We ain't even worthy of Jesus Christ. Nowhere on his level, nowhere near it. And they did that to him. What you make you think that they going to do it to us. So I always keep that in mind man. Please GOD. Fuck man. Man gonna let you down each and every time baby.


That's real talk. Say I be what he do? Somebody say be single state dolo and get, get money MOB and worship God real talk. Do you think Sha door going to the St. Snow sha door? Not going nowhere. He gonna be with the Cleveland Browns. Believe it or not, they really believe in that young man. And I think Shado gonna start for the Cleveland Browns. I really do. The guy's accurate. They can say what they want to say about Shado the young man. Accurate. He put the ball what need to be. He's coachable. He's remarkable. I mean he got the number one lean jersey in in in NFL right now.


That motherfucker on my team. He not going nowhere. I mean Cleveland Brown making some motherfucking money. They already ain't winning but so since we ain't winning, at least we got to do what? Make some money And that's what he's doing. Making fucking team. He ain't going nowhere. You know Cleveland a good head coach. They not getting rid of no motherfucking shit. Door sand. The boy gonna be in Cleveland now whether they protect him or not, I don't know but he's not leaving Cleveland Saints. If they wanted him, they should have fucking drafted him. They didn't. Okay, so that's they fucking lost. So no he need to be where he at, which is in Cleveland. Goddamn New Orleans didn't want it.


Fuck him. Let him deal with goddamn ratting line. Now hell simple as that. These GMs, these scouts be full of shit. They tried to stall that young man out. Had him going to the fifth round then want to pick him now. What You're starting quarterback retire now you now you having regrets. Oh man we should just grab Nah, nah, nah nah nah they wouldn't be genuine so nah they shouldn't go after your do leave him. Where at Cleveland you got your quarterback grooming the way you supposed to groom him and and go and Bill. That's what you, it's that's the thing about some people man in life, we ain't just talking sports. We talk real shit on this show.


Some people don't want grow, some people don't wanna stick it out. Some people just wanna take the easy way out sometimes. And sometimes man you got to see shit through, sometimes you gotta go through some shit man to understand certain shit. Well when certain shit like that come back around in your life again, You know how to deal with it. I've been there, I've done that. You gotta be patient in this world. You gotta be patient, you gotta be consistent and you gotta want this shit. You gotta want it more than anybody else in the world want it. You gotta want it man. Whatever big it is you into, you have to want it. You have to put the time, the passion into your craft. Nobody going to give you shit. It's, it's, it's a doggy dog world like here man.


And and like I tell people I'm a comedian man. You know how many a million comedians each and every day trying to get on fighting and clawing to to to to get a name for they self so I can never get complacent. I know I gotta continue to work and grind each and days. I'm tired, I'm sick, I've been coughing. I ain't been able to take my medication like I've been able to but I know I gotta keep going. I can't stop. I got a lot of people depending on me. People looking up to me man. And I gotta work man. I got, I gotta, I gotta really do what I do and I ain't taking no shortcuts.


I ain't trying to knock nobody else out the box. I'm just focused on me right now. So to my friends and family they be hitting me, calling me, texting me and I don't be responding motherfucker I'm locked in sometime I ain't responding 'cause I'm not giving y'all motherfuckers no money. Y'all don't care about me. Only thing y'all want from me is money and y'all wanna to FaceTime me sometime to show your friends that we can't fo and I'm not just doing that shit no motherfucking more. Not at all. When y'all niggas call, y'all going straight to voicemail. I ain't got fucking time. My time is going to the people who really with me. You understand my time is going to my dogs and my time is going to the people that really with me from the heart and this genuine love.


I got time for that. I ain't got time for the bullshit. My time is is limited. You understand. I ain't Ain ain't got time for the and y'all's time should be the same way with people Man. Stop hanging around, stop associating with bullshit ass people. Associate with the people that's only trying to help you man. Real talk people who ain't trying to help you cut 'em off man. People be leches. People be feeling tighter. People be feeling like you on when you don't arm a motherfucking thing but a ass whooping. That's what your arm a good old fashioned ass whooping time. You look around they owe me this and they owe me that. Nobody owe you shit nigga you up off your ass and go and get it.


Oh but You know me or You know her though so you feel obligated. Nah ain't how the world work. And some of y'all know some people like that as well. Get your ass off around them because they going to lie on you. They're gonna do everything they can to try to ridicule you and try to bring you down. Make you feel bad about yourself when you ain't even done nothing wrong. Stay around, stay away from people like that. Don't know how to apologize when they wrong. Don't know I can say my bad bro. Oh I'm sorry. Stay around for them kind of people who always got motherfucking excuses. I don't like people who always got excuse sometimes you got the fucking man up or woman up. You say You know what I fucked up and that's okay. But if you could never say that, I don't want fuck with y'all kind of people man. I don't want y'all to mind me bad.


Look having as motherfuckers mad at me 'cause I got all this motherfucking motion going on. I put the work in for this god damn motion and God damnit what I'm going to shine. You know people get mad at you for good Lord blessing you. Well he'll bless you too if you get them negative thoughts out your mind now you can't when you see somebody over here shining, you ain't gonna last long and and you wonder why your time never come. It's your thought process man. Change your thought process. I know it seem like I'm preaching sometime but I'm just telling y'all the real man people will wait till you get to a certain level to try to come here, pull it back down or pull her back down.


You wanna be around the people that stay don up there and when you get up there you reach and bring me with you. That's all y'all watching this show tonight


And then you better know it being presented by pic. Do your boy a favor man. If you ain't already played pic, download it. Use my promo code trash with the two H's. It's more or less on your favorite player. It is simple. It's so easy to play right now. They got three pick flex going on. You can put $5 in, you can have a chance to go into the NBA finals plus one you ain't. Somebody else could be going to the NBA finals man. Real talk. It's not no cap, it gonna make a few win on your pick or not. It's all about the Ries. You can play the three, put three pick flex up to five times a day. You got up to five times a day to do this man. And you could eventually be going to the fines with the Knicks maybe or the Pacers or the Thunder or or the Nuggets or or or the Timberwood or the Warriors. I'm just saying any one of them teams could make the finals and you could be right there in the stands cheering on drinking, eating popcorn ly on having a time of your life. But you only can do that with prospects man. So go join today if you haven't already joined, use bar promo code trash with the two Hs.


If you can't watch the bubble Dub Show sometime and you only can listen over Apple podcast over Spotify. Type in the bubble dub show and there I am. But let's get these views up man. That's one thing we need. That's one thing we can start doing is sharing this shit. I'm seeing my shit all over the world, all on other people's platform but the views ain't reflecting the work that I'm putting in. And get the comments up man. For your boy. If you on this live now you should have already hit the motherfucking light button. What you waiting on? You hit the for mustache hose on they ig and them holes don't even return And don't don't even DM your back when you DM. They I do. When y'all hit me, if I see it I hit you up.


What's up fa? This, that and the third. I'm gonna be in the city pull up to the show. Most of these people don't even fuck with y'all. I do. So please gimme my flowers man. Look out for you boy. I hit the like button it sir. My shit. 'cause I'm giving you real live, real live entertainment that you can't get nowhere motherfucking nails man. It ain't scripted. It's off the head. We'll talk and I'm talking that sports shit the way y'all like to talk it in the barber shops, you can't get this shit nowhere else. I ain't sitting up here laughing at my own jokes and I ain't what I do, I'm not trying to make you laugh, I'm just making you laugh naturally. Do I get any motherfucking credit for that? That's all I'm saying man let's do better.


But digger ain't the only motherfucker out here that's freaking off. He said other motherfuckers that's gonna come to the light. That's how they coming. They coming. You get sick and hot and week and it's going to come simple as that. Your time might not be today, your time might not be tomorrow. Your time might not be next week. It might be next month, it might be next year, it might be two years from now. But if you keep putting in the work, damage your time going and when they do you take advantage. They gonna talk about you how you Think you is, you Think you at you keep your mouth closed, keep your eyes focused and you will make it.


I'm a prime example of this shit. I hear all the talks about me all the time. I don't give a damn. I don't because when I get on that goddamn stage I'm showing my ass each and every motherfucking time. Real talk and you got to do the same at your job whether your boss there or not. Do your job, perform, be on time, have a good attendance record and it will pay off. I promise you that man. Somebody said I gotta take what Barbara in you. Damn right I gotta take what Barbara in in case y'all don't know tuning into my show. Y'all knew Y'all keep wondering about who? Barbara Lynn you I got an old school woman on my team. God damnit by name Barbara Lynn and that thing Shely a little thing I had on the other night Shely.


But God don't give a damn. I I do what I wanna do. I'm grown. I pay the bills in this motherfucker. I do. I wanna do Barber Lynn, I know you at the highest watching sewing up on sweaters and shit. That's what you better be doing. Sewing up them goddamn sweater. I'll tell you another thing, you better have a goddamn meatloaf regular mar mashed Ortega regular mar string bean going on and God cornbread for me tomorrow when you come over here you better have a fo on top of my goddamn plate too. When you come over here you better be ready to get your goddamn back knocked in because Nacho nah not playing with your babbling babbling old but you still can put them legs behind her goddamn damn head tell you boy most school women shh.


They freaking that's what dig need diggy nigga one of them old school women nigga. Them old school women that you pee on them old school one for around cut you trying to pee on them. They not doing all that. They gonna play those card games. They are lagging. They a lady. I appreciate y'all for tuning in with me tonight on this late night tip. I see y'all again tomorrow night. Please send blessings out one The Volume. Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool Rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


does Friendly have a taste. If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti-black and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque show tartar whose boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to Hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.