
The Volume. What's up y'all? What's up y'all? Y'all love too man. Welcome to the bubble. Do show boy. I even get cranked up today. You know what to do. Go and hit the like button. Go and hit the subscribe button. So much going on right now man. Yeah, so much going on right now in the world. Yeah. NBA about to crank back up. Yeah, Amelia Day the other day. Brony and his father, father and son do over first. Unbelievable thing man. Black power. Black magic.


I'm loving what I'm seeing now. You know you see the Tiger Lakers in six but dammit. That's how I'm feeling right now. Lakers in six. I know it sound farfetched too man. You tripping fam. You on power Nle. I just feel like it's gonna be a crazy year. I feel like the Lakers for make two or three trades. And. we gonna get the job done this year, father and son. NBA ring bro. Brownie. I know some of y'all thinking well, damn. Duh. How many points you think Brony don't average this season? Shit, by six. I'm just being, I'm being real. I'm just going by what I seen in college.


Little bit of training. I, I give him, he average six points for Lakers this season because we really ain't gonna need him like that. But he gonna get in there and do something with his pops. Yeah, he gonna get in there and do something LeBron, but, but I'm, if me and LeBron and my son is in the game with me, I'm not passing nobody to bow but Brun, I don't give a fuck about no ad talking to and DeAngelo Roy never we I'm, we running pick and roll the whole motherfucking game. The James game. I ain't bullshit if I'm me and Brun running pick up the whole game, I don't give a damn by Anthony Davis.


70-year-old bones having everyth down there. Call the fuck dog by right here nigga. Get outta there. Get outta there. I wait, I wait on angry ass up out there. Tell Brendan go down there and post up. Shit. Shit. Some of y'all think we ain't gonna do nothing no way. So if the season start out bad, it's gonna be a motherfucking circus show up there in LA and that's when bro and bro bro and bro gotta start playing like that real talk because I feel like it could get ugly quick for us. And if it get ugly then you know I come over here and say man my bad. I I, I, I shouldn't have been talking the way I'm talking but I just feel like it's some, some something special gonna happen with the Lakers this year.


Whether it gonna be championship or what, Brody might just end up going off. I don't know. I got him slate that had average six points this year. I mean what y'all got, y'all talk to me. What, how many points do y'all think bro going average this year? I say six two rebounds and a steal. That's what I got bro. What y'all got him in? I don't know how many points. I don't know how many after Davis play almost a full season last year so I gotta give eight his props on that one. But this is something about no matter what we do, I just hope we gonna play Denver man. We can't fucking beat Denver man. What is it that Yolks got over LeBron and ad that when we play them they don't do nothing with Sprinkles.


Some damn sweeps and they throw one last year hurt. We beat everybody but that motherfucking yogurt ass eating yo Jamal Murray hit that hit that shot rag into David motherfucking face and when he hit the shot and face and he couldn't even get up, he fell in the crowd fucking Lakers. You live with him, you die with him. But I'm rocking with him. I say Lakers in six and I really mean it. I mean it man talking now DeAngelo Russell come out some games on fire.


I'm talking about come out hot as fish grease. Soon as we play against a a team that got a good point guard like Mary, that motherfucker turning in the polar bird cat that let DeAngelo talking. Russell play a good point guard. He turned into Polar bird cat and you know I ain't lying. Can't make a shot scared to shoot man. As a Laker fan man, it's embarrassing man losing the Denver each and every year, every year we lose the devil. The LeBron can't even wipe his head no more because all that black paint be right there and shit.


So he just gotta just fan his shit now y'all last time y'all seen bro do this never Bam got to do all this. He got to wave his shit, he came off that sweat off his face. All this shit gonna be gone. Yeah Riding around with my ceiling missing. I love bro. Hey go but he can't do this. God give you all the money in the world but he can't give you money to keep no motherfucking hair on your head. Him on Jordan. He ain't got no motherfucking hair shit. Tell bro do this. I give you a hundred dollars right now. I bet every, I bet all paint come off that nigga full head that why why he come Word no more like that.


That's why he don't even tell Word no more like that because that shit get in your eye. You can't see nigga be blind on the court shit. Y'all gonna stop disrespecting them Lakers too. Shit. We gonna be all right though. I think I I I think we make a few trains. I feel like the Lakers you can go go all the way this year. I mean you know the West you got Ja Wick back, they gonna be all right down there in Memphis. You got Ja Wick you, you always got Golden State, you got fingers over there so got Julius round. Shit the Spur gonna be better with wi that zebra leg have it motherfucking wimpy and they got Chris shit they gonna be gave wi a couple churros shit I know he down that leg with Slingo shit.


I shit come here win seven 50 come here. All they gotta do is reach out and grab one of the more come here shit. Come here shit San Antonio y'all gonna be all right. So them my teams I feel like gonna be out in your east you know when next just got Cat. Yeah I already got Bronson. Y'all already got my car Bridges over there. Shit. New York gonna be alright. Spike Lee back shooting movies again. Them die them rats down now having Dodge game shit. Jim Jones back shine shit Mason came up.


Shit. New York is back Even when Pete Diddy in jail right now. Snitching Pete New York is back. Oh them boy got the Tim boots on right now fam the other boy got the timber boots on right now. What's good B? Yeah where you from? Queen Brooklyn, sta Island. Where you from? Where you from? B You stupid? Yeah y'all know that New York talk? Yeah Big Lakers over here man I don't know what you talking about. Daffy big Laker fan over here. We going do something too.


NFL talk Devonte Adams could be on the trade block. That's just what I'm hearing. Top of his list. They say the New York Jets. Yeah he trying to team back up with a ride or the Saints. He trying to get down there with Derrick Broken down car because that car broken down right now and y'all know it. Oh Y fan y'all started out hot? Yeah Y'all pop Sucker Cole now? Yeah when the Voo no longer works and the Gumbo gone shoes your soul like it used to, you will come back down to reality. Who that?


Them Saints. That is what I'm talking about. So who y'all feel like because you Devonta Adams right now. You know me, I'm always say the Cowboy more definitely can use them but let's just be real Chiefs Jet Saints. What? What other team that y'all think on the cuffs right now that could use Devonte Adams services right now? Talk to me now. Somebody say John, somebody say Tampa Bay. Y'all already got Mike Evans down there, Goodwin down there. So y'all okay. Tampa Bay. Tampa Bay might have the money. I don't know. Let's see Ravens I think. Ooh. Ooh that's a good one.


Y'all doula Ravens have the money. Somebody found out doula Ravens had the money to go out and get Devonte Adams right now with with with Lamar Jackson and Gary Henry and Za Flowers in a ooh Devonte had ooh ooh Super Bowl. I said right motherfucking now Super Bowl Devonte, Adam got no action. Jackson and that big buttermilk pancake pancake eating motherfucker him shit. Who gonna stop him? Like who gonna stop the Ravens if they go and get Deonte? I be the phone right now with the right. He goes what you want? What you want on first round? Damnit I give it to you.


I only think Baltimore got a first round but if they do, if it's a 2027, a 28 pick Damnit give it away right now you trying to get you a Super Bowl ring. Ain't think what You ain't for the win. What? Damn it. Go and get him. Go and get him. If I'm a team and my team on the verge of winging I need a receiver, I need a dog. I I need him. I'm going to go and get him Jets. I I agree. Aaron Rogers with Devonte Adams with the pieces he got now. I think that gig him over the hump. I think Devonte Adams to the Jets get Aaron Rogers another ring and he can ride off into the sunset.


I I like that he don't need to go with no motherfucking giants. They rebuilding. I told you giants the only players y'all need is them motherfucking rats. They fans, they agile and they love cheese shit. Give them the give 'em the cheese they going to paw New York John get them rat their cheese and watch 'em go out there and put on a performance. I'm talking 700 passing yards a game. I'm talking four oh Rush yards a game and the de defensive end bow their sacks in a season. See you gotta do, hire one of no motherfucking rats. Put the cheese out, watch him come and get it. All the other team going forfeit. Y'all gonna win.


I seen one of them motherfucking rat drinking Coors like the last week shit. When them rats on Coors like nah. Telling you what guy love around him. Ain't lying ain't right. You ain't right old but you bring Deonte Adams in there. That motherfucker gonna be old. You think he he walking around the, he walking around that locker room not limping. Oh my back. My neck. My neck and my back. But if you, you get that motherfucker Devonte Adams, you'll see the Aaron Rogers of old again. I bet you. Yeah he limping in the practice bringing Devonte Adam shit a rod jogging again. Shit it's the same a Rod had Kirkpatrick shit don't want estimate him.


He a word though. I ain't gonna lie. Ain't ride a motherfucking word but you give him Devonte Adams shit you give, you give Maari Cooper one of them tell you can use one of you player services right now. Devonte, Adam gets the icing on the cake. Okay give give a zebra cake Devonte Adams right now. Goodbye. God my homes need him. Hey Trevor Kel look old than a motherfucker. I thought Trevor Ke with John Madden no IP Mad. That's who I thought Travis Kel was. John Madden boom. I'm like damn what happened to Skills?


Damn Taylor Swift draining him. That's why I want him. You see the way beside last week, you seen the way Travis been playing. She draining him like I knew she would do. You hear me? She y'all talking about I can't talking about I can't do my thing with Taylor. She, I put Taylor Swift on this. Ain't your mama syrup on that pancake? I give her frail ass dick. Yeah I'm like damn Tay look got there and do and do. Yeah if I'm them teams I'm, I'm reaching out Devonte Adam, Ari Cooper right now.


You know to under Commanders. Yes the Commanders is one of them teams that's on the list too. Jay and Daniels just playing phenomenal right now. Man. Shout got the bad blood magic Johnson man. I swear to God man that guy's man I look up to Magic man like real talk Magic, magic Magic's one of them guys man. Real nice guy man. Yeah man. The commanders with Dan Quinn. They got Eckers to run it back over there. They got T Lauren over there Rod receiver and you could bring in somebody, a veteran at that book. A better player though. Even though he's a veteran but he's better than anybody on the, on the commanders right now.


You put, you give Jay and Daniel Devonte Adams right now with TL. Shit. Shit. Yeah bad bru get on the phone with all with Al David Jr. Yeah ing him. One of them bad Playboy bunny holes you and Dr. Bus used to have. See I'm one nah not the one with the bad blood one. The good blood. Yeah the goat blood. Bring that down now Shout to my people in Detroit man. Yeah Hell y'all Vincent, hell y'all call him bad blood. Who said well what else you want me to call Magic his name already Magic, magic bad Blood Johnson and I got nothing but the utmost respect for him and what he's being able to do and accomplished.


Don't never get a twisted. I know y'all seen Kanye West, he posted something like a couple days ago, something like music on his, on his Instagram man he was playing some beat and the music was just so motherfucking soulful. I'm not hearing soulful music no more. Y'all be honest with me. Y'all just watching this show. I don't really hear soulful music no more like I used to man Eric, you know what I'm saying? I wanna hear some soul for music man. Too much killing and and and going on and you know what I'm saying? Popping pills and all that shit nigga, I ain't popping no motherfucking pills fam. I ain't that no to eat. You on to eat your own though. You want do that's you.


I ain't popping no motherfucking pills dog. That ain't, that ain't, that ain't what we do over here man. Yeah, yeah. Chill out on all that now we doing all that now we wanna play Don kind of games down man. You know what I'm saying? We all about prosperity. We all about long living and trying to be healthy man. Yeah we gotta be careful what we putting into our bodies man. It's already putting toxic foods into our bodies, you know what I'm saying? So just be more mindful and, and and and you know what I'm saying, be careful what you're putting in your body. Drink more water. Yeah, drink more water. Take your vitamins. I know I got some couple 45, 50, 55, 60 years old on right now.


Still doing y'all thing. Still moving around like you 20 and 30 old as nigga but take your vitamins, your kids worried about you. That's all I'm saying. Take your motherfucking vitamins. I know you feel like you don't need your Henry you feel, you feel better than ever. You better take that motherfucking vitamins or you being somebody hospital stressed out shit Brandon. So Oh yeah for sure. I I guess I guess the the the ge the generation we in right now, the times we in right now man I just what we in, I know y'all know if y'all heard or not but Tank Davis finna fight. Oh y'all take Finn fight, fight over the month bro.


You fight some of y'all mad though. Y'all don't even wanna see this match. Y'all like man we tired of him fighting Bond man. The man doing what he gotta do man. That's all I'm saying. I'm rocking with Tank. I got this fight going five round for Tank. Knock his ass out. Some of y'all want Tank to move up for what I'm talking about name right where I'm at. I really believe in boxing and y'all know this too. Weight matters man if I'm, if I'm running through everybody in one 30 and 1 35 and I fought one time at one 40 I won but I didn't win the way I want to win. I'm not fighting at one 40 no motherfucking mo. My goal and request might not to be moving up through the ranks.


I might just wanna stay where I'm at. You know what I'm saying? See some of y'all are bad motherfucking fish in a pond but when you get into the motherfucking ocean and your real life is bigger fish than you, you ain't as bad as you thought you were. So let fam stay where he wanna stay and let him dominate. That's all I'm saying. Let him clean up and get all the money he want. That's what I do. I know I can't fight but if I'm, if I'm fighting somebody I know I can win. I'm getting in there dogging his motherfucking ass out. Not holding nothing back either. I'm talking about combinations. Y'all ain't never seen Bing. Yeah you know I had that kind of knockout power. I didn't know I had that kind of knockout power until I took some of that alleged shit.


Ryan Garcia you ahead. Even though he didn't didn't, didn't do nothing for him. Come here David. Pow We ain't seen or heard from fam since. Come on back out de Yeah it's time to come outta retirement. I heard you suing Ryan. Do what you gotta do. Get your ass back in the ring and fight. Bam. That's what fighters do they fight. Yeah, yeah we laughed at you but hey you still made 10, 15, 20 million off the fight shit. Get back in there and do your thing bro. Nah I don't think this gonna go with distance. Fa I don't think ain't finna go up five round bro. I think he getting him up outta little man Tank is different man. I mean Frank Martin my guy, I rock with him too but I watched that boy get stretched.


You wanna see a dead body? I saw one in Vegas man I was just talking to my homeboy. We finna take a shot, we finna bow. I said God, Lord have mercy God somebody's shooting in this mother. That's what I said somebody is shooting in this motherfucker that would Tank done Call my boyfriend man and Tank my guy love him like good people but he was sleep and he had company. You can't be going to sleep on your motherfucking company man. My mama done told me that a long time ago. Boy you got company you got to be up. Frank had company and went to sleep so that showed me right there the kind of man tank. Is he dangerous? I don't give a damn.


You is in front of your friends, the family I knocked your ass on your back. That's what he did. Jumped off the thing. Did nine flips in the air. Some shit I ain't never seen before. I ain't know he could do it. That nigga did nine flips in the air. Frank was still out when he woke up. He was looking for his favorite show home Alone. Three. I said man y'all go get Frank checked out man that's my homie man y'all go and get him checked out. Make sure he right because I don't know what tank hit him with but whatever it was, it it, it shouldn't even be. It should be illegal. I ain't seen Frank since the last time I heard from him. They say he was down there in B with Russell. I don't know. Maybe it man ain't right but he need to get back in the ring and fight too Boots.


You running around here knocking everybody ass out. I'm gonna need you to fight CR Crawford. He want you God damnit. Hey go and give boots what it want? I'll be the first one to buy pay-per-view. Matter of fact I'm gonna go to the fight. Matter of fact I'm gonna be right there. I can't, I wanna see Boots and, and Crawford goddammit get it on. I wanna see Mike Tyson knock out Jake Powell too. I I wanna see a whole I of shit. Don't y'all wanna see some shit too? I wanna see the cowboy win. I wanna see Jerry Jones stop landing that rag ass helicopter in the middle of a motherfucking field nigga we know you Rich. We know that's, that's small shit.


If I'm up there I'm gonna fuck Jerry Jones has a, that small shit flying a helicopter to the field nigga make a choocho train come through a real one. Union Pacific. Make Union Pacific come across the damn field. Yeah you show motherfucking bad and rich train track through that Jerry. Hey helicopter old shit. Oh I pick a co. That shit done spook us real niggas. We don't want no motherfucking helicopters now. Hell oh no shit. Nigga was thinking about me. I'm gonna get my own helicopter man that shit happened to Kobe. Nigga don't want no helicopter no more fam. Shit that shit off the menu. I ain't bullshitting that shit off the menu.


Shakur Shaki hurt right now. Shari just had surgery. He'll be back so we can't really put him against nobody right now man. So you know what I'm saying. We praying for him a speed recovery right now man. I think he had surgery or something. Yeah, Shaki can't fight right now man. Man man Spence gonna come back man. Oh man we can't, we can't knock what Spence done man. I mean you know he just bring up against a better fight that knock against Crawford and you know the results of the results. But EJ was one of them ones man. Yeah. Must respect the EJ man. Hopefully you get back in the ring sometime man. And you know get back to it if that's what he choose to do or not.


I don't know. I don't, man, I don't, I don't know how EJ feeling right now these days man. You know he's super rich got a family so he might just be chilling right now but you know, whatever he do I feel like he gonna be all right. You know Thursday night coming up, you know got Tampa Bay, you know what I'm saying? Tampa Bay and Atlanta. Who you got? Yeah, who you got? How y'all feeling about Baker? Baker Mayfield right now. How you feeling about Kirk cousin right now my Atlanta fans are y'all. Y'all feeling Kirk or y'all ready for Michael Pinks to get in? Nothing. Like let's talk man. Let's have open dialogue. Let's talk man. Y'all let me know how y'all feeling about y'all books. You got Mike Evans, you got Chris Goldwin down now man. Yeah Baker got the team looking pretty good.


You know he had a little few words for Tom Brady but I don't think it, it was nothing. You know y'all be putting too much into some shit. People be saying man I just feel like Baker would get saying man hey man Braly had it hard to breathe around here may have them boys on eggshells. Yes y'all won when he was there. But that's, that's a different culture right now. It's different players man. Bunch of new heads in there right now man. Now and them boys ain't going for all that bullshit man. Yeah nigga when them boys say practice over it is over. You know what I'm saying? They ain't, you know they real men nigga practice over fam it's over. Tom Brady wasn't having that my way. We gonna practice till we ain't, till we throwing up and people did that.


You know they follow this league goat. Tom Brady is the goat sell rings, you know what I'm saying? Ain't no debating that shit. Tom Brady is the goat. Yeah somebody say cousin at that bad and I know hey I feel the same way. Nobody can fuck him Crawford right now. I feel the same way brother. All somebody say come out this for the gig And. we gonna see, we're gonna see how it's gonna play out for Devonte Adams but I think Dan Quinn one of them coaches that he'll go and get him and he damn and he will use it and he will use it.


I don't think y'all forgot who Dan Quinn was. You know he was the head coach for the Lion Falcons debacle in the Super Bowl against the Patriots. I know y'all remember that. Whoop 28 to three Germaine Dupree future the brat Chris K Cross, Kirk Frost, Jasmine Young jock Ti I, Lil John Outkast future Guc man Jeezy big Meech rolling over they mother fucking grave right now.


Be a bill check and Tom Brady did the unthinkable. Big facts man. Nah man we ain't bashing Devin. Devon lost. He gonna be all right. He still young. He ain't got no loss on his record right now. But we can't erase what we saw. We can't erase what we saw And when I seen that, when I seen Garcia hit Devin in his jaw and Devin started looking for his AirPods, I knew then he was gonna be a long motherfucking night And I and I and I told this story, I wanted Devin to win. I did want Devin to win but seeing something like that man I got, I just got to give credit.


What Craig do Ryan whoop that boy ass man. Yeah he put a ass whooping on that boy. I cut the motherfucking TV out boy. I ain't shit still looking for them motherfucker power do you hear me? Crazy work diabolical work. He'll be all right once you get back in the ring man you know Devin young man young champion you gonna be all right once you get back in the ring though. Just part of the show in case y'all gets not tuning in. You know if you at work or wherever you at and you can't watch the show, you can always go to Apple podcast or type or go to Spotify, type in the bubble dub show and listen to me. You also gotta know this show is being presented by you know prize picks.


Yeah going and download the number one sports fantasy app right now. You know prize picks use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Yeah if you first time user you put $5 in that give you $50 so you can play over there's more or less so like this so Thursday night. So tomorrow night you need to be going ahead getting your picks in right now. You go ahead and getting your picks in right now and they got Baker May 5th slate to have 242 and a half yards. I got him going more, they got Kirk cousin to have 226 and a half yards. I got him going more. I got by John Robinson average to have 66 and a half points. I'm taking him less. Yeah Chris Godwin got him averaging 66 and a half yards on receiving.


I got him going less and I got Kyle pitch going over 30 and a half receiving yards this week. Last two weeks. He ain't really been doing nothing for like this gonna be a breakout game from tomorrow. So demo my picks on prize pics man go and use them. Type in the promo code trash with the two Hs and you in there like Swim Bear. Yeah all them other apps never Prize pick is the only app that you need to be using man in the sports fantasy. Real talk in case y'all watching right now going hit the like button, hit the subscribe button just part of the show. We call the hell no semi He knows what he saw and he's here you hell Somebody ask me quick, I be one of them people that I could remove honey from the beehive.


Hell no I'm not fucking with no honey bees. Hell No me putting on See Honey they'll be that. See you no bees will swell your motherfucking face up. Them bees will kill you. No dub not finna be doing none of that. Not now. Not Nfo. Somebody always ask me could you go after and and and in in what did that say in Brazil and hunt electric eels. You talking about something that gonna shock you shit. You what make you think I wanna go down there and bother a motherfucking electric eel? I'm scared of snakes, I'm scared of, I'm scared of birds and pea and you think I'm finna go down with a s ass fish that'll shock you.


Nle Don won't be doing that. Y'all never heard about me and the motherfucker Jungle Dono handle cones and Jaguar and and Muskego. Shit I'm missing that trip. I'm missing that trip that I don't wanna see that shit that bad bro. I don't. I'm good where I'm at bro. Like all that going to Africa I wouldn't mind going but I'm good where I'm at man them animals ain't caged up. They walk roam around this motherfucking tall shit man what I'm gonna do like that? Fuck my girl with me. This lying come out. I mean this, this, this lying come out. It's either me or her bitch I might get push shit I me I'm saying I don't wanna be in them kind of predicaments.


Ain't no killer but don't push man. That's all I'm saying. Just being 100 with you man shit you talking about Ryan. Garcia see shit. Devon suing that boy. Devon taking that motherfucker to court boy. Shit I ain't boy I already gonna take, I'll wake Supreme Court if he can shit Devin for gonna make a zop outta Ryan and Ryan had to pay too because it's mentally Devin. It messed up mentally y'all. I think that just what it is mentally man he ain't never lost and something like that. That night everything just went wrong for Devon.


I give it, he went 12 rounds with him but it just, it didn't go the way he wanted to go. You know it, it happens sometimes everybody ain't gonna be undefeated so no matter what happened we'll never erase from our brains in our memory what we seen Ryan do with Devin now what Devin can do is you know do what he doing nothing soon. I'll be like, you know what, let's run that back when you come off your suspension we gonna get tested. You going to get tested every motherfucking week. That's what I would do if I did. If I feel that good in my confidence in my hand, my abilities I'm getting, I'm telling Ryan let's do the rematch. Oh it oh oh people gonna buy into it and I'll make Ryan do a drug test every week.


And we get in that ring and that gonna suck all this right here. And what y'all think, how, how do y'all think Devin should come back? That's a good que how do you think, how do y'all see Devin hanging, coming back, coming back, fighting somebody else or coming back fighting the guy who he feel like wronged him. What y'all think Y'all talk to me man I just, I'm just going about what I'm seeing and feeling today man. You know it's Wednesday night man. You know we could talk about whatever, you know we can do bubble dubs after dark. I mean it just up to y'all right now. I just, I'm just in one of the modes right now man. How y'all feeling though?


It just Wednesday, you know Friday or Saturday Sunday you know your boy in Addison, Texas? Yeah at the improv got five shows man we almost sold out. I need y'all to go and grab them tickets right now fellas. If you are up that way, go on and grab your girl. You know Hey, hey we're going to see fam get hoop. We going to see fam pull up Friday got two show Friday, two show Saturday one on Sunday. Pull up to either one come support your boy. Yeah that's what we doing. We ain't doing no talking baby I got tickets see th we gonna go, you know what I'm saying? We gonna go out to eat first. Boom we gonna go see Doug at the show. Eat have few drink. Hey come back to the crib. You gonna be ready to do what you do. Some of my old schools I know y'all gonna be going to the restroom popping y'all little yell y'all little blue shoes.


That's what you gotta do with them comedy show and you bring your girl with you. You all school fella you got, you know what I'm saying because you don't want her to see you taking it, you know what I'm saying? She gonna know you got an advantage 'cause Curtis you ain't really been that strong yet but your homeboys done pumped your head up to go on and take one of them Ali. So. So now you excited so now you trying to remember everything he done told you but you know you, you, you up in age a little bit and you can't text as good as you want to text but you know you got to take it 30 minutes to a hour before you get ready. So what you do is before the last coming come out on stage which is me Oh yeah. Which is me before I come out. Go on and go to the restroom, take your pee and go on and get you at one of them.


See how them blue pee blue go on and laugh at you joke because I'm gonna have 'em in your stomach. I'm gonna get you rumbling, I'm gonna get you going Then when you get to the motherfucking house you show up real curse and ain't talking Mayfield either. Real talk be Curtis Martin that day running long real talk. I'm gonna look out for my old schools on this show. Oh Doug gonna look out for my old schools on this show. I gotta do it. Drink plenty of water or too because you gonna have a little alcohol in your sister when you take that pill. You know what I'm saying? You up in the age nigga you ain't no young nigga no more. You know you up in the age nigga you know you a pow P.


You know what I'm saying? You might get stroked like you're still young but nigga you a pow p you know Come on now. Yeah go go down that door on your old lady real good and shit. You, you in the door, you in the dope then. But yeah this weekend five shows at and improv. Man pull up. Come see your boy be your craziest show this Sunday coming up. We got the Dallas Cowboys going off against the Steelers. I know some of y'all on here man. Steelers gonna win that game. You a mother fucking lie. This the game Dak show up up this the Dak, this the game Dak go down there and play like Joe Namo. Yeah I'm put Dak in the same motherfucking sentence as Joe name.


I can do what I want. Why Dak go down there and and pull off a a victory? Yeah. Why CCE Lamb have about 13 catches. Yeah by 13 from cce, by seven from Ferguson? Yeah. I don't know who gonna run the ball. I don't even know who in the backfield no motherfucking more for us. Don't even look back there no more. Jerry. John might be back there in the backfield. Him and Steven. But I do know we gonna be, we gonna beat Pittsburgh. Oh, oh, oh yo. Oh yeah we gonna beat you. Somebody on here talking about put money on it. Never. I'm not bet no more money on them cowboy.


I learned my lesson. Do you hear me? I'm humble now. I don't talk all that nor like I used to. I'm just making my pick and that's what it is. But I'm not, nah I'm not doing that no more. Y'all not your boy do man. That what, what, what, what new what? The New Orleans done fell out. Saints done done to me. What the ravens done to me. I'm still not talking to family members now behind what the Ravens did to us. Nah man, dubs not gonna do bad man. I'm not going do bad. Just keep in the book man. Cowboys let everybody down bro. They my team. I gotta rock with 'em bro.


For better or worse I'm gonna rock with that team man. Might not be looking good now but in the end gonna be looking great. That's all I'm saying. It might not be looking good now but in the end it's just like life man. Everything ain't gonna go your way man. Gonna be some bad days gonna be some hard times but over time things get better. Things get better man. Some of y'all probably dying on your luck right now. Man. You at this job. You hate this job man. And you and you man you just re ready to go but you just can't up and go 'cause you got responsibility. Yeah you got responsibility so you just can't up and quit your job man. Like most people could do.


You gotta stick it out. You got to go and do other things behind the scenes. Get yourself set up before you can make your move. Man. Sometimes we be making moves without without, without fully going, going, going through what you need to go through. Like you gotta think stuff, think stuff out sometime man I just can't quit this job and I ain't got nothing else lined up. Let me go and get something else lined up before I quit this job or before I start this or before I start that I start being mindful man. Yeah it ain't way about you, it's about others as well. If you quit your job, how is it going to affect others? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You know it's gonna affect you but if you got kids or or this, it's gonna affect everything. Yeah.


Start being more mindful man. Like what black people now we be, we being bosses at these jobs and shit. Get these good job you being bosses. Some of y'all be straight up assholes. I'm why don't watch some black people get some jobs and change. Don't even be the same person they was no more. You know what I'm saying? Talking snitching like a motherfucker. Nigga I know you earl know your mama know your daddy and everything. You ain't grow up like this but at this motherfucking job you don't know me. You wanna talk bad to me. I swear your shit up in the parking lot. I in here showing out front like ah swell your shit up in the parking lot. Get in the parking lot.


Hey man you know I'm just dirty just doing my job now. I motherfucker I don't wanna talk. I'm ready to fight. I'm ready to fight. I'm on your ass like spots on the leopard. Y'all know y'all know them ones. Y'all know I'm not the only one people do that. Y'all know I'm not lying man. Niggas get these jobs. I'm be tripping up there at the supervisor and shit. Talking and snitching. Calling you in the office and shit. Talk my boy snitch motherfucker. Okay keep playing with me. I had you in hr. I lie on you say you tried to touch me shit. Oh we supposed to be brothers. I thought we was too till you turned your back on me. I be, I'd be quick on my feet though.


Yeah we gonna have to lay old dub out bit. Next day I go to hr, he tried to touch me on several occasions. I build up enough courage to come here and tell y'all all this. That's what I do. What my take be doing. Appreciate all my new subscribers coming on man. Welcome to The. Bubba. Dub Show. Man we up. We rocking and rolling tonight. Having fun, enjoying life man. Been having a bad day but god dang it. I ain't gonna let it get me down man. Coming on here seeing y'all talking to y'all got me back in my spirit got me back in my groove right now man.


So I just want to thank y'all man. Shit I be needing y'all more than y'all think y'all need me in this laughter man. Like I'm really going through some things right now but I ain't gonna let it get me down. I'm gonna keep pushing because I'm gonna win. Yeah motherfucker I'm gonna win off. You know where I come from. I come from the people be lying talking about they come from the mud. Nigga be coming from great situation. Two parent home. Both of their parents had money. Everything good not me come from hard time. My mother and my father graduated high school. Both of 'em dropped out fifth grade. I ain't supposed to be where I'm at to this day man. True story. I ain't supposed to be here but I am.


But since I'm here I'm gonna make the best of it. I'm gonna try to be the best at everything I do some things I need to work on as a man but I'm gonna work on it. You know what I'm saying? We all got flaws. I know some of y'all got flaws now you down on yourself man. Pray to God man. If that's what you believe in, that's what God believe in. I'm not putting my spirit spirituality on nobody. My religion don't, nobody. I'm just telling you what worked for me man. Praying to my God, my Lord and savior man. I wouldn't be here today without him but y'all man I had it bad growing up man ain't had shit. So my point is to you might not be good now but it will be good later. So like when you having sex, you got the condom on, you can't feel it.


But when you slide that motherfucker off or when she tell you you ain't got the word no more. And I normally like to hear that on the first night ain't no better feeling like going in her burn meat. Come here condom cool but that burn meat hit different. That's a boy. The condom cool but that burn meat hit different. Ain't nothing like getting that thing wet. Do you hear me? Come here. Come on, come on. You can grind with that condom on. You can grind by 95 strokes without that thing condom on.


You go down the 30 here. Know I ain't lying. No I am. 'cause I'm tender so as I get it, I get the get the gro and woo. Yeah I get the groove. I gotta get a good grip because I ain't got much going on. When I got that good grip I'm burning. Ooh boy. Your boy do burn like concrete in them poles. Come here. I'm not going nowhere. I'm forever. I'm just saying though. Gr I'm just saying man y'all know how your but dub is man. Make sure y'all didn't hit the like button tonight man. I can surprise y'all on a Wednesday night.


Know I'm going live tomorrow night 'cause it's the game night man. Order some pizza. You know what I'm saying? At the crib, you know what I'm saying? Look, drink, enjoy myself. You need to enjoy yourself. Some of y'all working too motherfucking hard man. Some of y'all working too hard man. I ain't had time to sit down and just relax. Take a load off man. You don't relax your mind man. I don't care. Cut the phone off. If you have to get you some relaxation, brothers get you some relaxation. Some of my white people just watching this show. Thank y'all for tuning in with your boy. Do us. All us niggas a favor man. Especially the one that work at these banks and shit. Loan us some money. You Bank of America. Motherfuckers gone broke.


Bank of America took all y'all money out y'all account. My cousin called me. Bam. They got me motherfucker you ain't have no money in there. No way. Talking about they done took seven, 500 nigga when you ever had seven, 500 trying to gig over me with that side story man nigga scam the nigga. Nigga took all the money but I've had to pay this bill nigga you ain't had no money. I ain't got no life. I know you can help me. Duh. Be me. Meet me at this store. I ain't say what name I just gave him the address. Just what store it was Dollar General. I come out that motherfucker with candles Gonna be a iLite in your house nigga.


I'm not giving you no money. I bet not give you a call. Take these candles. Time to trick me. I already done Google. What went on Bank Miracle niggas empty y'all camps. Oh you gotta come over the chase. Nobody does it. Oh I pick a they dog right? Yeah. Oh I pee to a real one man. RPA big Mo. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know that about that Big Mo. All I want to do is bang screw. Hey from the 30 30 shift sir.


Bang screw I don't wanna do. Hey man. Bringing back memories on that big mo man. Real talk shit. I ain't hip, I ain't doing that. People be running scam these days. Man. You gotta be careful these days man. Real talk man. Yeah, definitely Gotta tune in on that shit going i's too much going on out here man. Y'all talking to me. Go shout out to my people in The Bahamas man. Shout out to everybody on my live right now. Yeah, if you are on my live right now you can. Shit. If somebody in your life right now, you ain't never told 'em you love 'em. You should tell 'em you love 'em man. Tomorrow ain't promised real talk. If somebody that you been meaning to tell 'em you love, you ain't never told you but tell 'em nah man. Ma ain't promised man.


Believe that man. Tell your loved ones you love them man. Tell your kids you love them. The niggas more than ever in our life. Our children niggas more than ever in our life man. They exposed to so much shit than we exposed to this new generation man. And they, when the kids turn six months, they know how to work. YouTube. I'm not bullshitting you when your child turns six months old. I guarantee you he or she know how to work YouTube, know all the buttons. Don't pull it on YouTube, watch their kid cry all motherfucking day. Pull it on YouTube, watch what happened. Nothing Cure for baby. Real talk. Some of you new age parents.


Hey man. Hey man, y'all put y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all giving these kids table food. Two motherfucking fab baby. Three months. You giving them McDonald fries. Stop it. Yeah, when this little motherfucker turned 15 he gonna know his colors. Nigga, what's your name? Purple nigga. That's a color nigga. No, I ain't lying to y'all man. Charlotte, I see y'all soon man. I'll be out that way soon man.


Yeah, I'll be out there soon to Charlotte. Shit. Just showing love. Y'all showing love back man. Once again, Sison Texas this weekend. Fourth through the sixth. Five shows. Grab them tickets come see you. Come see one. Yeah, come see one man. Cowboy gonna win once again. Before I get off from Ask y'all a question, I want y'all to be honest with me tonight. I asked it in my comment section on my community, on my YouTube. But I'm gonna ask it right here to y'all. Who you got Walter Payton or Lian Thompson?


Who you got Sweetness or Lian? Thomason, anything? I had Earl Campbell, but tonight I'm going with Lian Thompson or Walter Payton. That's a hard one too. That ain't, that ain't, that ain't no easy in the park. Like be be careful when you talk about Lt man. Be careful. Yeah. Texas legend. Yeah, be careful. Hey man. Lt was like that. I know Sweetness was like that, but Lt was like that. Like yeah. Hey, hey, hey. Lt was like that and I'm gonna be in Virginia soon man.


Who y'all. Who? Y'all Super Bowl pick right now. Drop your Super Bowl picks right now. Who you got? Who you got coming out? The a C. Who you got coming out the NC so far? What you gonna seen? Because we know it's gonna change, but so far what you gonna seen from the teams? Gimme your Super Bowl pics right now. Somebody say Bucks. Eagles, Texas Ravens. Let's go. Either come right down to the Ravens or the Chiefs NLC.


If the commanders stay healthy and then I say Commanders in the lines, I say Commanders in the lion come out the NFC. I'm just so motherfucking disappointed in Jerry Jones. Y'all, I don't even know what to say no more, man. I don't. Ravens eagles. I think the Eagles could turn around. I don't think so. I really don't think so. But y'all know what to do. I see y'all again tomorrow night. We'll be going live, man. I just wanted to stop by tonight.


Chop it up with y'all man. Get some things off my chest. Lakers at six. That's how your boy feeling. And I see y'all when I see y'all. Peace. I'm out. The Volume. Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances. And with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This added is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by yourself securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice.


These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.