
Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC. When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink.


That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely, Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck.


I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. With family, cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot someday I'll call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome to the family, no Purchase necessary v GW Group Void prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going and the four walls that welcome you home when you combine auto and home insurance with Amica.


We'll help protect it all. And the more you cover the more you can save. Amica. Empathy is our best policy. The Volume, What's the deal? What's the deal? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show lot going on in the world and damn it, we going to talk about it. Oh fresh cut. Yeah, full of baked jeans. Come here. I got all this damn black dye in my head. I went and worked out earlier. I got the sweat and this shit got in my eyes I couldn't see.


I'm suing my damn barber right now. Got me full of Beijing. Soon as I get the the barber don't even no more. Do you want it? I ain't got 95,000 nigga keep me this me. But before we get started, don't only hit the like button, subscribe button, hit it and keep your notification. Turn down for your boy. I need it. Let's run these numbers up.


Y'all running everybody else numbers up run run mine up too. Y'all look y'all, y'all seen the on them hoes trying to get on these hoes trying to shake on up and we ain't gonna let it happen. We ain't letting y'all bring down now another black celebrity no damn more now everybody know on been knocking the seeds out. This whole watermelon for the last two years he been knocking the seas outta watermelon. All of a sudden now this hundred million dollar contract come up. Now she wanting to sue Nip. You wasn't suing when you were two N asshole were you?


Hell no. Did y'all read the shit? He according to her, back in October, 2024, he assaulted her now. Now she's saying he sexually assaulted her again this year. So that mean you went back. He did it once so it wasn't good enough for you. You gonna go back again now letting you niggas know right now. You gotta be careful with these hoes out here right now. They trying to get everything they can about you ain't never made a hundred million before. He'd be in the league but a hundred million. I'm looking forward to got million and now he gotta wake up to these type of allegations.


Never. You see UNC uncle old school, that nigga had every goddamn text message every accounter he ever had with her. He had it in the messages. You know Amy sent it to the lawyer. Come here, she lying on me. I ain't took nothing. You gotta think about it man. Some people we gonna know and You know you guilty to proven innocent but unc you talking about a motherfucker who brushed their teeth 15 times a day. You case some I'm from the south like me. We ain't gotta take a motherfucker thing if you got a little, you ain't gotta look good where I'm from. But if you got a little you can get whatever you want. Ain't telling you no, they telling you yes, I'm sick of us black men.


Man when we get in position y'all, y'all they wanna bring us down then you got some of us in the coming. Yeah he probably did. I knew y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all first you said I ain't gonna even go there. All I'm saying is this, he ain't gonna be the first, he ain't gonna be the last man. We have to be careful out here how we carry ourself because some women, some women are just looking for a come up. They got some people in, they in they circle. There's that look, look you talking to such and such. Let me know if he do any little thing let me know and we'll get him. That seems like that's what's going on right now.


They they are attacking us from all different angles and we gotta be smart man. And You know, and just me personally, I'm just, I I I can't see on taking nothing man. I y'all see Aren, see the way he is, the way he talked, the way he moved, it ain't in him just an old school country. Come on now. But instead it's all over. The news is negativity man. Man getting ready to probably sign the biggest contract over his life now he got to deal with some allegations. Just bullshit man. It's, it's propaganda. I'm not falling for it. Hopefully y'all gonna fall for it but I don't want nobody to take my message away from what I'm saying and say man that girl Michael did get well, she Michael dig and then she did justice.


She would get justice but I don't see it. I justice don't see it. Y'all see if I'm wrong I come back on and say I'm wrong but I don't think I'll, me personally, I don't think I will. And they just where I'm at right now and they just, I fucking feeling right now. She, she walking up the money got sign them goddamn people and when he paper gotta come down here and see me to come here God damnit come on. I normally gonna read this shit but my aunt come down here my god blast God you told me XY you that.


Right, right. Come here, right there in paper sign. Come on. I can't read what of damn but God damnit when they come to that money I'm a, I'm a goddamn scholar. I'm a scholar but thank y'all for coming in tonight. I just want to get that off my chest. You gonna get that off my chest. The Detroit Pistols beat the New York rat next tonight. Kay CU Ham had 33 or Tim Holloway Jr. Trash boy you ain't got none of your daddy DNA and you over eight. You couldn't score a motherfuck and I you on the bench. Oh yeah now you're starting now you're playing like a best player damn par and and I'm fucking upset can't even mention Tim Haraway junior name to me.


Give a damn we did win night nigga you can't sit by me on the plane nigga I don't wanna play cards with you. I don't want to skate with you. I don't wanna do nothing with you. Shout out to the Detroit first time winging the 15 what? 15 playoff appearances. They finally gonna win one. They headed home to a Moga city now up there in the D It's been a beautiful thing going on in the D this year man. Big me home had motherfucker ain't said a word but that motherfucker Big Meech home now he's shining God He back doing his thing. I ain't saying he hustling. I'm just saying he back doing his thing man. Got his teeth done like me.


Yep. Come here and I ain't sold a brick though. Come here. That's a bar. Yeah we both got our team but I ain't sold Little Bridge but they white like yeah come here sot well yeah I know you can't see him. Goddamnit come here. So I got the big Michi home back in the flesh and more moving the grooving over and BMF Man we can't knock, You know people gonna say ain anything about a person whether he snitched. I don't give a damn. Like I said, if he did or didn't he home. If he did he ain't a good one because y I'd have been home like I told y'all 30 summers ago, I wouldn't have missed my son.


Little mech growing up like that. I wouldn't have missed none of that kind of time. I wouldn't. But nevertheless the man home Shout out to the DI look for the Detroit lines to bounce back this year. Hopefully they was injured all last sugar. You know the last game, You know the the commanders ran through them but You know it is what it is right now though, so, so I took a D for that. Yeah, man Pistols won 1 1 1 series right now. D Stroger off the bench had 20 points a night for the Detroit pistol and that helped. That helped with Tim Hardaway Jr.


Struggling the way he was struggling. Like I said, Kade had 33, he had a bounce back game from game one. So let's just see how this series go. I still got the Knicks wing in this series and six, it might go seven but I got the Knicks wing in this series in six, just, just now tuning in right now. New York it's it's, it's a vibe in the city now. Pop Billy Tracy Morgan, them pop back up Chris Rock at the game. Oh you already know Spike Lee being at the game. Fat Joe at the game. Everybody at the game now. The rats at the game. God damn. They wearing they Louis Vuitton scarfs, Scully and I all that shit right now. So New York is up right now. It's one one. Nothing to be mad about. I mean, y'all going to Detroit, you going right down the road.


Really ain't that far if you ask me, but this is gonna be a good series. I'm looking forward to going six or seven games. How about y'all? Other than that though, You know, You know I'm getting ready for tomorrow night. You know I'm, I'm, I'm, You know I'm ready for the Lakers and the wolves. The, You know, game two Laker came out. It was terrible than a motherfucker Saturday night. That mean they was, they they was awful. I ain't gonna lie, they was awful. I look for LeBron to come out tomorrow night on fire. I'm gonna need LeBron James to stop God responding to Kevin Gate. Fuck Kevin. They nigga we got a game to play.


Heard nothing about no motherfucking Kevin Gates. No goddamn mo Nigga. I know you love Savannah. I know you love Savannah. If you didn't she would be with me and George. Stop responding to him. We know real love when we see it. We know real love when we see it now that Po Bri bringing Ringer got got Kevin Gate and amazing right now. She doing everything to fa he ain't even no damn Uz with no damn mo. If you ask me Malcolm X ain't pleased with Brittany Ringer wearing that goddamn uz of outfit.


Malcolm X ain't pleased with that but ain't against because I have her with me 2 24 7. I would, he doing what he told to do so I That's what you supposed to do Kevin. I ain't mad. That's all I'm saying is we need to go alone nigga. We got money on this shit. We need to go alone. Don't bother him. You a rapping ass nigga. Go bother a rapper. Go plant some fruits with Dika on Goddamnit leave bro. Alone. My already dealing with enough shit dealing with the pastor texting my girl. Yeah he texted my girl, God damn what you call that?


Scriptures and, and, and selfish and shit. So I stepped to him. I said, why hell you my girl nigga go tell me Jesus left asleep and nigga do I So I went and told he said again. I said again, y'all better keep that motherfucker my girl. I'm telling y'all right now Pastor, if you're watching this show, I know you nigga. I texted my girl dog and I and I mean that man from the, from the bottom of my heart. I I I take me and my girl, we'll go to another congregation. If you going to stop this, text your own girl out. Why you gotta come in mine like that.


Come on now. That ain't, that ain't what we doing Some stands for. So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know I have to have an Iconic watch party.


First of all, my fellow friends and fans check got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously.


Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great, but describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing.


And guess what? You can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those court side seats, which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required.


You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group VO were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply Every day. Our world gets a little more connected but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey I was just in an Accident. Don't worry we'll get you taken care of At Amica.


We understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amika. Empathy is our best policy. Sorry y'all gotta look. Got look off track man. No, just never know. I'm just going through a lot. I went to the doctor today for my for for my blood pressure. Don't You know that motherfucker made me get naked and get into a damn for my blood pressure. Get naked and get into they put me in a damn. All they did was check my damn left arm. That's all they did. They do nothing else. Now let me go to Jiffy Lube and get an oil change. That motherfucker gonna come back with a clipboard and the whole presentation behind a goddamn oil chain.


Do You know your brakes? Do You know you have an action? I ain't know. I ain't know my action will crack motherfucker. Why we changing my oil and the mechanics stay thorough. They a mechanic can make you feel bad. Did you ever decide to just look under the hood? Damn ain't think about that now go to the doctor. You can go to the doctor right now. You could walk in limping like a motherfucker. What the doctor gonna say? What bring you in today motherfucker? My will to live nigga what? Bring me in. You barely see me walking in. This motherfucker can't stand them Damn doctors listen niggas watching this show right now. Can't even fucking see.


Don't Think you need to go to the doctor. You better get your as down there to that doctor. You can't see you spitting up blood but you Think you gonna be able to make it to work tomorrow. Never. You gonna make your, you gonna make your way down in that mortuary nigga. That's where you gonna be. It's time to wake up. Time to smell the coffee. You've been bullshitting the last five years. Some of you nro been out here bullshitting. It's time to get the business no excuses. Them goddamn Mexicans can come over here and and and stay 6, 7, 8 to a house. God damnit. We can't too. Some of these Mexican paying a hundred dollars a month rent.


It's four of 'em in that motherfucker. But they only spending the, you mean to tell me if some of y'all can't come together know why? Because y'all life to steal. Don't nobody wanna stay on no damn thief. Can't leave your wallet. Can't leave your money. You leave, come back, your money gone and the nigga who stole it gonna help you. Look for it man. I ain't got your money but I help you turn up this high. I looking for it. Nah nigga you got it. And when I put the file in your life, y'all think I'm wrong man you suck this you over $20 and did. I'm sick of the bullshit. Two two 2025 been nothing but bullshit and y'all know it.


Everybody call your phone line. What's up fa? Nah man I just had you on my mind. You a damn lie. You just trying to, trying to make, trying to, trying to get some kind of attachment to me so you could feel like when you fuck up or whatever you can reach out to me and dub going to help you. Well guess what? Dub ain't doing that shit. No damn mother moving the ankles and falling in love with me prostitute. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna live my life on the road. Tired of being now tired of y'all stepping on my goddamn back. Tired of y'all niggas knocking me out in the streets and taking pictures and videos and all that shit. That shit dead now. We told y'all that shit dead.


My daddy talk shit to me earlier. I in the front yard talking shit to me. I told my dad you see big boy right here, don't make me, I can't hit you because I'm your son but he him he don't, he he ain't nothing to you. You a threat now keep popping off daddy. Like you wanna And I put big boy in your life Bible say under thy father and mother I will, I won't lay a hand on my father. Never. But he can't buckle around if you want to. I'm using this motherfucker for anything I got going. Remember that the coach when the goddamn basketball coach the other day didn't wanna put my son in God damnit I wanted that big ball.


Don't make me send him down. Now I I'll send him and he don't go. I'm a evil motherfucker now. I got money I I'll send now kick off worry about no goddamn lawsuit. Don't you worry about none of that. I'm I'm in danger Am I alive in danger God damnit you become a walker Texas angel for me. Come here. I call him Trebek. Come here. Gotta be cr you Dave man. People out get you man. Whether you got money or you don't got money, they still out to get you.


They don't mind bringing your motherfucking ass down. They don't. These hoes don't love you nickel believe that these hos don't love you at all. Yeah they going go go to the next man with the bigger thing in the bigger bang road. You out there be like me crying and going on I I ho cheating on me and I'm taking her back. What kind of shit is that Bitch you cheating on me but I'm taking you back now some days over some days it's over me sitting on the goddamn porch crying, losing goddamn weight. I'm not doing nothing. I'm not gonna be the food. No damn no sir I'm not. I'm with the sugar now.


We living better now. Cozy sweater now. Hell somebody motherfucker y'all know ain't lying. They didn't believe in you didn't Think you were going to be nothing but guess what, you went to jail. You came home. She didn't want you no more but God bless you Wil Aja at Pilgrim Pride. God damnit you hanging live chickens now you don't like hanging live chicken. But you getting live chicken money now. Now you feeling yourself now. Now your mama back being nice to you. She gonna let you build on little room onto the house. She done hit your co-sign for your car. You done got your cell phone now you got your little old self now. God it ain't what your was It's where your is. Stop complaining. No because there's some niggas right now out here ain't can't give a job hungry.


Fine they I family don't love them back against the wall. They willing to do anything. I am. But before you crash out nigga, before you crash out, just know there's a guy up there that's looking down on you. He ran on the chest and ain't going just just because he blessing everybody else around you. That don't mean he ain't forgot about you. He ain't forgot about you. Your blessing going come but you got to stay in the mud with it. Yeah, everybody wanna ride. Everybody wanna ride the train but they don't wanna pay the toll baby. That's life. We all gonna go through shit. I go through shit every day but I ain't letting it stop me. They talk about me every day. I ain't letting it stop me. I'm a bad mother.


Well put the ain't doing no complaining. We gonna get to it. We gonna get to it And like I told y'all tomorrow night you gonna see a different Lakers. You gonna see a different goddamn Lakers squad. I bet you that I got a FaceTime earlier. From who? Doug? Local. Local had on their goddamn durag. Freshly rolled bru from Ronnie come here. We gonna keep the Minnesota as tomorrow we got two, we can't go down oh two y'all ar I'm gonna need you to give me 25 tomorrow bro.


I need 25. I know what local. I know it's no I know, I know a miracle Whip gonna give me 30 half five Ru I need 15 Vincent I need 10 from you. Miracle I need 10 from you. God damnit you gimme that. I count Crystal God damn M so ain't going never win nothing. Y'all fucking know it. Little ain man. But M so ain't gonna never win nothing. The NBA won't allow it. You think that they gonna won when they had Garnet Marbury Now they would want it. Sam Casale the trust. They would want it back then but they didn't. You think they gonna win it now because they got Steroid Rodriguez that's the owner. No he couldn't even keep J Low. How the hell he going to start keep the Lakers from winning N not arguing Now nigga that couldn't keep J Lo did.


He couldn't keep him. Rob Regus couldn't keep him being athletic. He can't keep her. You need to come on over him with me. I got a good goddamn spot for you. J Lo real to ain't gonna take much to plead me. I don't give a damn about your money. I don't want nothing to care. I'm come here, You know what I want and I want down. Come here. Yeah I bust my goddamn heart on J Lo. I'm not bullshitting you Red Bull and Rose boy. I'm going down to make J Lo she by 48 and I'm gonna get get up pregnant too. God. Right. Ain't no abortions over him. We keeping this young. He out. I be a stay at home father. Yeah come here.


Yeah. From the block. Yeah I'm gonna give her some of this black come here. All ain't going south. I every man I'm gonna stand up in them yell. Ain't no I'm gonna win. Lord knows I'm gonna see on them Yell Dale and you can't remove me from her life. Like paint the come here. Thank you for tuning into The Bubba Dub Show man. You know how be rocking over Real? Yeah. This show being presented by Pride. P Who? Pride P. You see? Yep. Download it right there using my promo code trash with the two Hs. It's more or less on your favorite player baby.


Tomorrow I think they got Luca going for about 33 and a half point. So if you might want to hit that more or you might want to hit that list and I think they got bro down for about selling a system. I heard you either put more or less on that real talk. Yeah come get some sauce on your barbecue. Real talk over that prize bitch. And if you can't watch my show and you at work and you only can listen to it, go to Apple podcast, go to Spotify, type in the bubble do show. Damn there I am. Some of y'all are big in the chat man. I don't never get to catch my nigga lie. Well you caught me now nigga hit the light. What you the comment sexy yell the time take us down y'all. They trying to take us down.


We and we can't, we can't fall victim to it. We You know sometimes in life man, You know when you come from nothing you, you start, you get, you start getting a little something and and You know certain things come around. They ain't never came around the way they came around before if You know what I mean. Get 'em bunnies. Yeah them motherfuckers never was around but now them bunnies, they, they're starting to come around now and they like about and they dick like the sisters and but they talking like the sisters too. Yeah you and they and then they dip. So now you might find yourself in a situation that you ain't never been in before. Yeah. Yeah because she fucking you like here Jamaican but shit why and shit don't and she know the head gang off the mother chain.


Yeah you he is so good made me Misco come here. So you might find yourself in situation you never had yourself in but you gotta think that devil, that devil going bring whatever you love and like he gonna have it right there in front of you. You can wake up that say man I don't fucking you whole. No I'm good. Soon as you go to the store that semi watch look at you how you doing handsome. Good. And that's how it go. And You know how it go from now. So I'm telling you man some of this shit man you just gotta let it go man. No man that ain't, that ain't for me. That could be trouble. The trouble easy to get into but it's hard to get out of one thing about those black folk gonna come right on her like I'm new and talk about it whether you dig it or you didn't.


We going talk about it but I'm never going to ridicule nobody. And, and and and and and I don't wanna sound like a hypocrite 'cause I get on her, I talk cash money shit about dig it. But we know Diggy did some of that shit whether he dig it to the women or whether he dig it to the niggas but he dig it to somebody. That's all I'm saying. Dig it all the one them niggas now y'all. Yeah y'all can best dig all the one of them niggas. He probably don all the one your favorite artists too. That's the don't bet boy getting them goddamn contract. And and I telling your facts, I'm telling you facts luggage clippers playing right now.


It's a good game. Well it was when I was watching it Kawhi Leonard man I don't, I don't, I ain't seen a player since probably Kobe mid range game like Kawhi ka Kawhi get to his spots when he get to them Little corners and You know right there at the top of the key by the free throw line. You can't stop that motherfucker. Man. You, you can't stop Kawhi. He should, he should, he should be unstoppable. He done missed all these goddamn games. I mean he should be frisked and doing his thing. All he need to do is hard to just happen and the series might go sell. I'm just saying clips. Look sir might go sell y'all, y'all let me know.


Get in the chat, let me know what y'all think. Y'all got any questions for me tonight? God damnit, let's talk Shit. I'm, I'm all shit. I'm all ears. Y'all damnit. Talk to me. Be in Atlanta. I think we in Atlanta man. When we in Atlanta May 13th think we in Atlanta May 13th, bro. If I ain't mistaken, May 13th or May 17th. May 17th I'm in Atlanta. All my people out there in in Atlanta grab 'em tickets, we Warrens tour. Come see you boy man having a motherfuck ball on tour. I ain't, I'm having a bow on tour. Come see your boy. Real talk.


Yeah your piss even in the series. I love it man. Bj what it do? Who's going to let, let who down first? Kawai hard and I think Hardner end up letting him down before Kauai. I just think Kauai, he's focused and he just getting into his spots right now. If if Harden, if Powell and Zoo acting them can just pitch in and give him something. I feel like the clips could tie a series up tonight That just, that just from what I see, K Cunningham was legit tonight. Great bounce back game from game one. But Tim Haraway Jr. Didn't give him nothing. Hopefully he can go home and give him something but I ain't picking this. It's no damn mo.


I ain't picking him no damn Mo Nip not doing, y'all gotta go. Oh I appreciate that. Bam. Appreciate that. For real, for real man. Milwaukee was, Milwaukee was a great city. Chicago was great. Kansas City, everywhere I've been, it's been great. It's been nothing but love. Positive reviews from the people man. I'm just having fun man. Hopefully y'all is too dub I'm scared of cur and I, man, hey look, I'm hoping the Rockets take them boys seven games and, and win. I'm, I'm a Laker. If we get past, I don't wanna see no damn Curry and, but, and Jamia Butler, I don't wanna see him and Draymond, I don't wanna see him but it's gonna be great for tv.


It's gonna be great for Reagan. So shit, let's see. We ain't expecting nobody though. Let's get to it. DDK what he do? K Orlando get a game with the Celtics? Hell no I don't see them getting a game. I don't see Memphis winning a goddamn game down now. I don't know what the fuck going on down there in Memphis but God damnit you get beat by 51 motherfucking point. Can't everybody got to be even after the game ain't we motherfucker, we ain't go shot. I we ain't do shit wet go right back out here in practice. I don't know what that was. I ain't never seen nothing like that. 51 Cel just put up 51 take them didn't even really do nothing. Jayden Brown didn't even do nothing. It was white and Prichard like man, Celtics got so many motherfuckers like the calves to me.


Like that's the series I'm looking forward to The Cals and the Celtics going cel, it's going sell What about Min? So I like m so, but they going up against my Lakers so You know I'm riding with the Lakers. It just, it is what he live. Me personally, I just don't feel like m so was the same team that was from last year but they still got an man so they always got a chance with an man. And I know y'all seen that clip of him talking shit to them people like, I love it though. I love a young nigga like that talking this shit And he's confident, You know, going to the pus this year and winning the gold. Mel being around all those guys and holding his own. Yeah, yeah. Ant man he, he really feel like he the best player in the league and that's the way he po the feel like I love his confidence.


I I love it like, You know, shit, bring that shit on. If I was a ball player the way I see Ant man acting and talk, that shit ain't gonna do nothing but get me more hype and ready nigga let's go walk. I know you a bad motherfucker but I'm too. Yeah if, if I'm looking around my headband tomorrow like Rambo, I'm I'm bad motherfucking white boy now me Miracle Whip I fast and I know y'all be tripping because I be talking my Larry Bird, they gets all funny games man. I know Larry Bird is one of the goats. I know Larry Bird with one of them. I do but I ain't from that era, I'm from this goddamn era. And what I'm telling y'all is I seen them old ass highlights of Larry Bird doing what he want do now that I seen all that.


But I see y'all also was doing it just niggas who had pacemakers to them, niggas back then had bad God hearts and y'all know it. Them niggas on Newport some nigga goddamn damn two, three minutes they I'm talking about these young gener racing right now and god damn look him motherfucker shooting three from half court could never bring a shoot motherfucker from half court. Hell no. That's all I'm saying. I thought y'all got some work now, but the work now ain't like, like it was back in the day when Pablo had his street drop. Yeah some of them, some of our people your people used to walk around now they on fentanyl because the work different.


That's how the work, the women different back then, You know bought $50 now they hold four. Oh they want four. Oh back then 50. You good Shit. Now they want four. Oh if you oh they gonna 10 get when you hold DM and watch and watch 'em post it shit gonna make it make sense. Oh they'll make it make sense for you. Just keep your in the book your heroin and all too big ride. What do what all my truck drivers say, I got some truck drivers ass niggas that's on this show right now.


I won't slu y'all for whatever y'all transporting all man. Appreciate it. Keep doing what you're doing. Get plenty of rest too. Don't be staying up when you, when you, when You know when you gotta get out the truck and, and get rest hours. Don't be staying up fucking with them lot losers and jacket all get you some goddamn rest, boy. Get you some goddamn rest and get back on the road. But I got all my truck drivers man. I appreciate it. Take you off for rocking with me man. We, I'm having so much motherfucking fun. I'm, I'm just so excited that it's the NBA playoffs. Like it's a game every night. Like it's a game every God night and I love it man. But overall, if anybody got any birthdays coming up, y'all talk to me.


Any birthdays coming up, let, let, let me know man. We're giving you a Shout out. We're giving you a Shout out going the bubble dub. So that's what we doing man. Yeah. Real talk. Somebody say stop beating off can't stop all my flatbed drivers. Keep doing what you're doing. Make sure your tires right. Make sure your engine running right so you can make sure your log book right so you can keep getting that goddamn paper. Hell we ain't, they ain't let no bike get in the way of the man can't do it now. We ain't doing that. Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today.


If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington. DC When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know, I have to have an Iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five.


For me, I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great, but what, what describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac.


Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those court side seats, which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic.


Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Every day our world gets a little more connected but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was Just in an Accident. Don't worry, we'll get you taken care of. At Amica we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking.


It's human amica. Empathy is our best policy. Ugh, come on. Why is this taking so long? This thing is ancient. Still using yesterday's tech upgrade to the ThinkPad X one Carbon UltraLite ultra powerful and built for serious productivity. With Intel core ultra processors, glazing speed and AI powered performance that keeps up with your business, not the other way around. Whoa, this thing moves. Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Win the tech search@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo unlock AI experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device.


My son Marvin birthday tomorrow well see. Marvin tell Marvin Junior happy birthday. I need to gig a OCHO on the show man. I'm, I'm gonna reach out to him Monday next week. I got a surprise coming up. I don't know if I can tell y'all or not. Chris y could I tell 'em or not? Lemme know. Lemme know if I can tell the people the surprise I got coming up and I want y'all to do something for you. Boy, I You know, You know I be working behind the scenes. I be working my ass off so see he telling me I can't say it so hopefully I get to announce it tomorrow again but I can't wait.


I can't wait to tell y'all the good news. But yeah, I got something in the works for y'all for sure. Y'all gonna love this and I and I already know when I tell y'all y'all gonna be like and you better do your thing too and you better say this and you better say that. So hopefully I get to announce it tomorrow and let y'all know what it is. June 16th, somebody's birthday popping up. Shout to my fan back home. Bake that his birthday just came. Happy birthday to you fa. Hope you enjoyed it yourself man. You know we gonna keep running it up the way we running it up yo. That's what we doing. What we doing? I can't sell y'all. Yeah I want to but I can't. It's legal shit too I had to sign so I can't say it yet.


Yeah these niggas had pacemakers and shit back when Larry Berg and Jordan was playing. That's why Jordan was able to go by them niggas like that because them niggas already had bad hearts. These niggas, LeBron and Luca and them playing against these niggas. Ai we don't know if, if AI aint man really ain't man we don't fucking know that man. The way this shit, this nigga jumping and and getting hoes pregnant and ain't getting tired. That nigga might be ai AI we don't even go with, we live in a different time now these these kids these days they slow, they slow a little bit. I not the machine, they retarded a little bit. I'm just saying these kids retarded a little bit. Just a little bit.


They retarded. You know it. We with the girl trying to buckle up to our parents, nigga trying to fight us and no fear coming home from fishing. Me and my partner came home, You know we went fishing, I came in, You know got my fishes and shit. Stepson in the living room. Hey nigga kick out here and help me. You know what I'm saying? Skinny fish. I ain't skinny no fish nigga you gonna skin these motherfucker fish or whoop my ass. That's what I told him. Nigga I off help me skin this or whooped my ass no whooped my ass.


I was just bluffing nigga. I dog on me real good. Security guard wasn't here at the time, it's all good. But he'll be here tomorrow when his mama leave. I'm gonna have a security guard the slide at Yeah more that motherfucker nigga. Yeah. How that feel? Yeah. Watch, it's, it's gonna happen tomorrow. Mama leave he he's in the room not asleep. It's all good. I ain't saying nothing to him. It's all good. Security guard be here tomorrow by eight 30 in the morning. We'll talk. Come here. Yeah. Wake your ass up Melvin. Yeah well what is it? Yeah. Remember what you did to me yesterday new date now nigga. Yeah do me like you did yesterday. You can't he 56 7, 355 pound motherfucker can move like Emmy.


You come here ain't I'm feeding him too damn. Gotta take care of you. People gotta take care of the wolves boy. You become bait. Believe that. Damn. I'm right. I ain't, I ain't worried about 'em no more. It all good tomorrow morning. He getting his ass whooped. It's all good. And I say that kind of, You know I won't wanna say it too loud because that nigga might come wake up and come in here and wanna do something to me but yeah but tomorrow eight 30 when my security guard get him we whooping ass tomorrow. We whoop as soon as my security guard look at my eye, look at my eye bro. That's what he did to me. He did.


Look, look, look, look I can't even see, I can't even see to go in my wallet to pay you so you better do something about this shit. So when Big Boy come out get ready for football bow I get me out. Oh I'm get you. I'm from the old school. If I don't get you in the wash, I'm damn. So gonna get you in the ranch. You can best believe that somebody hit me up too. Dub you putting a parlay on Tim Haraway Jr. Again. Hell no. Hell no. I'll not and I thought I I don't really get in there all that but hell no trash other day Tim Haraway Jr come in over eight over six, three point trash nigga had more files than he had points.


What they do? They had trash other. They going to Tim Haraway Jr. Well you ain't got none of your daddy DNA in you at all at all. Y'all better start playing go. I ain't gonna pride shit. Shit. Always talking about y'all need some money, she's better. Get your ass over there right now. Make sure you hit that like and subscribe button to keep your notification turned on over him. What we talking about? What we talking to me? What we talking about? We gonna talk about on and that scandal y'all seen Bobby Brown say Irv guy gave him a million dollars for that video shoot and you smoked it. You were high on that goddamn roof.


I know you was. You said you were scared to go up there so I know you was on some Greg a goddamn powder when you got up on that roof the way you were dancing and humping around Thug loving thug loving thug loving. And I know you want with me. I know you miss my love, my love thug loving. Yeah I know you missed power bubble. I was still in the game. I still, I served Bobby give a damn by him saying he quit. I put it in his face. Nigga you don't none of that. They take you back to 88.


My prerogative. Yeah. Watch Bobby go come here. Y'all wondering around running, running. Y'all wondering what's going on with Ray J. Shit he missed that P, he missed that if I was in the gang. Ah sir that's my new motto. I serve nigga you born and I got it, you gonna get it great bread. Amen. How y'all feeling Lewis? Kim Damn right is easy money man.


Say I be what to do. J-Lo will be 56 and I don't give a damn Keith quit say I want, I want to do like this and doing like that. I wanna You say Yeah. Hey baby y'all gotta get your groove back baby y'all, y'all too stiff baby. You got to go in there and rub your old. I know I got some old heads right now. 55 and up on the show. Your old lady done cook clean hitting the bed now she resting. You know you up here watching me laughing and giggling. She Think you crazy hell for watching me. She ain't asleep. Go in there and and touch the roof on her motherfucking shoulder. Well stop, touch you again on her motherfucker and shoulder you. But before you do that you make sure you don't want two. You one of them goddamn damn pills and when she do roll over she see him.


Yeah he was a little boy earlier but now he a full a grown man. She ain't seen you like this in a while. Yeah, yeah. Come here, come here. Take that goddamn big ass heavy ass down. No and God damnit let's do it like well you at the do it. I'm telling you right now. Go in there and wake Ruth and ass. Oh reason why I'm saying that Because Barbara coming over after I go after I get off this podcast tonight. Barbara coming over? Yes. She ain't wearing no panties. Yeah I call her Miss e Monica, yo ine, she got the key to the house now.


Don't tell nobody she got a key to the house. I be showing out a little bit. I You know I be on that. This ain't trash. I be high when she come in. I be fucking naked up on the good moonlight come she thank oh man I be making straight up love the barber in and I'm not pulling out mouth. I leave it alone. Damn. Alright. She love it too yo, she love me. She loving me. She it makes could be a good when a woman love you man. She make me feel like I'm the motherfucking man. Do you feel me? She make me feel like I can fight now. That's the kind of goddamn woman.


I like a woman that can make me feel like I can throw e motherfucker when I know I can't. She gonna one for me. That's the motherfucker I turned my back on for. I turned my back on my mama for Barbara Lynn. Mama calling me baby I need you to take me to the doctor. I can't. Why I gotta take Barbara Lynn to her goddamn doctor appointment. God damnit. You tell daddy nigga's ass up and take, you got to take Barbara in to the goddamn doctor get you and it feels so good y'all niggas, y'all old as niggas done goddamn God rid of them old as ho.


We got them young hoes. They can took all your goddamn money they can ran your Craig. Look God damnit now you in your cash now you gonna know what to do. Now you're trying to come back over here. Them old ho don't because I'm a real nigga. I go with church with him. I go with bingo with him. I I go to the doctor with him. I do everything with Barbara Lee. Him. Man this bitch can't do nothing without me. Real talk. I'm in this bitch head like damn real talk. Damn right. And I gonna stroke after this show too. I'm gonna give you some cu night boy.


I'm gonna give me some goddamn cu at night. I ain't soon when she come through the door I'm gonna be on her ass like a goddamn cougar. Right. I'm all get you like them cougar be on them white people in them now in California on them bike rides. That's how I'm gonna be on hug at night. Come on in because you gotta take your time with them old one like I told you, you can't rush it. They like base, they like for you to tease them a little bit. Yeah. Yo, I tease Barbin different. I'm gonna cook you some greens tomorrow baby boy stop. You can't cook. I'm gonna cook you smaller pork chop too. We rise, we raven. Yeah I'm gonna do that for you boo boy.


You know I'm baby and cornbread. Yeah I'm gonna go out there to the church bake sale with you baby. That's when she get, forget to. Yo, let me show you something young man. You just laid back. Just lay back and let Mama handle you. When them old school women tell you you just laid back and let them handle you. You finna get the best head of your motherfucking life Bob laying head so motherfucking good. I took a pistol on last week. You get your good fucking ass up outta him. Get up outta him. He down there had me have my leg behind my goddamn head. Do you hear me?


I'm a man. She had my goddamn leg right here. I'm doing shit. I ain't never done it before. I told she ever tell anybody I killed her. I told she ever tell anybody I kill her. I it see Y again tomorrow night. Peace of love out The Volume. Listen as Senia tells us why she chose to vaccinate her daughter. Right after my daughter was born, my husband and I are having to decide whether or not to get her vaccinated. I definitely felt like the pros far outweighed the cons.


The diseases that I'm protecting my child against. They're still here. Talk to your child's doctor and learn more@yvaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck. Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington dc.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration.


Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Amazon pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins, right? Next time, use Amazon Pharmacy. We deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.