
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Go miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie, Thomas Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every Day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage series? One in 10 kids vape serious which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No, seriously the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council,


The Volume. Hey, what's up everybody? Welcome to the Bubble Do Show. I know y'all been waiting on me. I've been waiting on y'all mother. Here I am. Here I'm I know y'all been waiting on this all day at night. Look at my shit falling off my head. That cheap ass shit thing sold me. I'm sewing them Chinese. Don't worry about it. Ice don't come and give. But welcome to the Bubble Dog Show man. Right now don't hit the light button. Go ahead subscribe button man. Real talk. If you already subscribe to my show, make sure you keep your notifications on 'cause you never know when I'm gonna go live. It's been a million but I been on the road. You know I'm on tour doing my thing but damn all that that's talk about the elephant in the room.


Last night a blockbuster tray was made that look for Medicaid. Did he cost too much money? We had to put Anthony Davis on Medicaid. We ain't never had to done that for a player like we had Anthony Davis on another Kay out there in la. We already got the wifi going on now we got put you on Mother. Never y'all gonna get, that's why he had to go. But I'm loving this trade work. I'm seeing y'all.


I'm so excited behind the trade and don't, don't get me wrong. Yes I be being funny but let me be real for a moment about this trade. Yes. Anthony Davis is probably top five. Well I say top 13 player in the NBA right now. He had been having a phenomenal season but as a Laker fan we wasn't going no motherfucking world. He two when we play good he out six days. Do you hear me out six motherfucking days. My stomach ain't wrong with your stomach. Two ain't got time for that right now. Oh man they tripping man. They a big man. Shit y'all can't do nothing with Joker.


We couldn't do nothing again. Women aint do. We couldn't do nothing with Joker. Dallas, Mary Fa. Y'all crying. Why So y'all got rid of y'all white. Jesus get off it. He ain't la not Dallas. Not big enough for Luca. Literally he not big enough for Luca. Luca lemme tell you something, lemme tell you do something. You 300 motherfucking towns right down here. I heard you the same size Zion Williams. Well guess what, you going lose weight in LA nigga either running from the Crimson bus or running from the wifis. But your ass don't lose weight in LA. I guarantee you that. You oughta be motivated with this trade you you missing out on $116 million.


That's a lot of cops sucking money if you ask me. So when you get around Brown I gonna put you on. They on on they weight program. He got going. We going to get in Virginia nigga we going to get in the so nigga we gonna smoke weed nigga bro. I ain't know you smoke weed. Shut up. He thought I spent a million dollars on nutritious shit. I gonna be weed nigga. You best believe LeBron smoke Z. Look at Buddy. All the scrutiny bring the Junior get and y'all still can't get to him. Why? Because that nigga eat weed. Why you smoking weed ypo? Y'all forgot ain't ain't nothing wrong with weed. I smoke your daddy smoking your grandma smoke. Everybody smoking it.


But let me tell y'all something right now, if I'm a Dallas married fan, I'm happy you got ad ad balling. You got Kyrie, maybe y'all can possibly go out and get Jimmy Buckle and and and see what you can do this season for the Lakers. You gotta look at the long haul of this rung ain't gonna be there too much, much long but we got to have a star in LA and everybody know LA got stars so Jack Nicholson, Vanessa Williams then say watch you, y'all can bring y'all old asses back to the game again and enjoy LA for what it is. I bet them pool stars back let me start back going to them games. Oh yeah Pool don't be back in LA right now. They got no no clue what the go shit nothing but excitement And y'all talking about the Lakers ain't gonna do nothing.


We fifth the the west right now. You seen what we did to New York nickel boxers yesterday. LeBron hitting threes out one leg. No I thought it was Kte but I forgot LeBron James. He got both legs but last night you hitting three. I thought it was kte. You a New York niche. One of the best team in the NB right now Lake We ID y'all wanna sure want sit and talk about defense. Nobody give a damn about no defense no more. Look at the skulls in the gang. They in a hundred twenties to 30 every night. Ain't nobody dread So I don't want about defense Me nigga a big man. We going to get him.


You think Rob link done fool make a trade whether it's just regular ar which I don't want to but if we can get ar we can get two good nice pieces for ar. That means his AST show my I be texting them right now. What you doing ar I was just hanging out the family here go hang out Boo. Yeah, yeah you, you ain't, you ain't buying no property. I was looking into it. What? Don't don't you buy Uck property because you fixing to go. Oh yeah bro. Get him one more ring in LA don't brother y'all license about LeBron. James is going to get him a ring again. Y'all keep calling him old but every time people get on him in the game they can't hold it.


Got old man street. If you ask me LeBron got the same strength of Sam in the Bible. Only thing he ain't lost Ain't lie. LeBron's still strong. Only thing he ain't never had her like Sam that's the only thing But all this hate and prejudice y'all got going Laker fans all because we got Anthony Davis and we preach at Anthony Davis for what he did for the organization. A stand out player a a good good guy in the community, a good guy overall. I'm strictly talking basketball right now. The Lakers wasn't gonna win no more with Anthony Davis. I'm just being real y'all it didn't work work one bubble work after that injuries and they ain't his fault 'cause he was playing some games.


I ain't gonna lie after Davis been playing a whole lot of games until now. But overall do you understand the bigger picture Look you understand that LeBron is a pass first we get Lu is shape. That fat chubby motherfucking head job gonna be scoring 45 every night he average is 25, 10 and 15 or six. That motherfucking Luke going out and boy y'all doing all that hate. He ain't gonna do that. He took the mouths, took the As did he Tyre I love Kyrie but he ain't no motherfucking bro and y'all know it and y'all know it.


All that hating and going on y'all got going on Even Laker fans. I don't even like this. I don't give a damn what y'all like you know it the a wifi Lakers is back and ain't nothing you motherfuckers can do a bike. I'm seeing all the NBA people doing this. I'm seeing Stack Fives jumping on my, on my on my Instagram. Ah they going to get swept n now you go all up and smoke Nip it's LA business stack. You know I love but this LA business Nle you can't see the bubble for the trees. You was Rob though.


I think he had a dream. I think Kobe came to him in the dream but I'm still here in the midst. I don't like what you doing on my Lakers. That's how much Kobe loves Lakers. That's how much he love that ate. Oh nigga you got to fix this. We win. We s we ain't Los baby, we ain't the motherfucking Dallas cowboy. We don't lose, we win. You watch what these Lakers do. They not doing trade deadline got four more ways now you watch will go down. Oh this shit ain't old. Somebody else gonna be getting trained too that then you know right now Lu can get moved. Ain't anybody can get moved real house. That's what of y'all gotta tell your old lady if the motherfucking dollar matters can trade local bitch you can get, you can get traded to.


Some of y'all need to trade your old lady Right motherfucking now they ain't sucking like they used to. They ain't too it up like they used to but they still going new cars and all that. No you ain't getting none of that. You getting your ass new address if you ask me. That's why I got me an old school woman real talk. She was over behind niggas ago. Her name Nadine. Nadine is good. Come over here and bought me a plate for P up plate for yeah Chicken, greenish, cornbread, peas, hell and sweet and and and and sweet potatoes.


Come here, come here. My God stung like a baby seal over here boy I'm sore. I tell you how me is watching this show. Lemme tell y'all some real shit here today man. Now I don't want y'all repeating this shit. Niggas be stealing but this how I about to delivery and what I'm about to tell you. I want somebody that's practical. I want a woman that understand life is like wild more self-checkout. You might not get everything you want but if you move fast enough you might be able to walk out with more things than you paid for. Do you hear me? Do you hear me? I'm feeling good about this shit.


The and I got even something else to tell you. I got good news. My old school principal from my school reached out to me, said she seen me on YouTube. Y'all said she seen my commercial with Pic and that she price to me. Do you hear me? And then I said come back to the school and talk to the kids. God damn tears got to rolling down my eyes y'all. That's when it finally hit me nigga I was special A I'm Special Egg. I'm gonna talk to when I doing now I know it ain't gonna be about four or five students in that motherfucker. Nailed


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the weeks top headlines listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very Few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app Apple podcast or wherever you listen.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No seriously the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org Brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council.


Come on.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see country music's biggest superstars. Brooks and Dun Ra Thomas Red rapping Rascal Flash, Coles Wedell, Sam Hunt, Megan Marone, daily Zimmerman Nate Smith all on one stage hosted by Bobby Bones iHeart Country Festival. Olivia you streaming live only on Hulu and you can be there in person. Tickets are on sale now. Don't miss out what is up? Austin Texas Festival get yours before they sell out@ticketmaster.com. That's ticketmaster.com and we'll see you at our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One.


Y'all See that's how people play on you man. My old school principal trying to play mind games with me trying to tell me come back and tell my success story. What kind of success story do I got nigga I still unblock my card before I make a purchase. Ain't no goddamn success in that. Ain't no success in that. What I'm talking to y about today man. Never. It's back. It be I know it's a money thing. Y'all ain't be real. It's a money thing. LeBron finna be up by LA got the have a source big market.


Your Hollywood is back. Marvel movies is back. Ice cube is back. Do you hear me? It's Hollywood is Ma fix you when people come in? Two words come in. Who play Punch Perfectly gone do you hear me? We're changing the rolling over this motherfucker thread right now. We done struck gold now not seem like it right now y'all but we done struck gold with the last fuck and they not this they not business y See around here. Oh man y'all lost out nigga and shut up.


Y'all don't know what the hell y'all talking about. All defense and shit. That don't mean no motherfucking thing. It's all about who can not score. Who all we ain't got nobody hold yos but we can not score they big yoga flow foot motherfucker we can taming. Ain't nobody stop. I shit not Mambo, not Kareem not just stop it. So what make you think these bony gro it grown bone having motherfuckers not can stop. Just stop joke mean ain't worried about stopping joke. We worried about joke. Trying to stop us blowing on this side. Look on this motherfuckers side. Who you gonna know? You know local Hit the motherfucker from 35 feet.


You going to get him and shake putting his ass in a song right now. Hit the so right now so it sweat like a only good K two real talk with three point start watching now you gonna lose some weight calories and everything. And we ain't drinking no motherfucking beer in LA either. No we don't drink beer in la No we drinking red wine teas and crackles white folks. Shit we on they eat little musk type shit. That's what we own and how that motherfucker did office and he from South Africa make it make sense like you Trump supporter crying now you vo him in there. I don't want fucking hear it. Y'all voting him in there now. Ain't crying about what he doing. Let him do what he do.


The money already threw. I know y'all don't like it but goddamn the flow right now in now truck. I'm not bullshitting. I didn't seen so many dude. The trucks coming through this motherfucker we talk I was short $3 on my, I ain't gonna in the store the other day. White boy came in there and seen shit. Don't even worry I it on me. I looked on the back of the truck, had a sign rip it bullet for Trump law body citizen right there. He woke up been a nigga shit me laughing, put me on on camera and everything bro. That's what a nigga would've done to me. He wasn't helped me. I threw motherfucking white folks. All they even everybody right now because they feel like they in control and I want them to feel like they in control around me 'cause I'm skinnying know oh up dude.


Don't scheme me. I'm gonna play the game. Woo. The whole time I'm getting that motherfucking money and coming back and feeding my village. I'm a read, I'm a real one. I'm robing hood, I'm stealing from the rich and I'm giving it to the, I'm getting money y'all going to get money too but as wrong and regulations to the shit. And you got to follow the rules. If you don't follow the rules you gonna get those. Y'all see what's going on with Diddy. Diddy have to go to the hospital, have to get surgery on his knees. Them niggas end up breaking them now. Don't bend their knees. Diddy end now ain't bending knees.


Same thing you doing to them women out here in the real world. Bam. Those niggas are not making you do it right now. Did listen to me son. Son come you get on your knees right motherfucker now your money don't count on your knuckle. Hell your money don't count. What you say daddy? That's my son. What did call what you say daddy took that ass up again. Deal. That real talk got got concrete burns all over his knee. You aint had to have surgery. They ain't no wearing did ass look. Did y'all know Didi can come home? He won't come home having the best time of his motherfucking life. Shit baby all all over them six now.


Shit why y'all ain't saying free did it? Y'all say free everybody else your homeboy kill self news but y'all like here. I ain't saying free him free did it. Lemme hear. Hey y'all know you scared your homeboy went to jail, did 15 years come home. You ain't saying shit. Lucci come home, y'all gonna social media free B legal loose You that nigga don't know you. You're baffles. We ain't gotta stop being baffles. We gotta start showing love to the people who show it to us for free. That's what we gotta start doing for the people who not showing you love, fuck fuck them. Feed them fish eggs. But for the people that do support you in whatever you do, you show 'em the most love that you could ever show.


You got to be there for your folks man when you up you got to be praising God when you damn you got to be praising God. See a lot of people don't want praise God when they doing good they wanna run the guy when they doing bad. That's bs. If you ask me that's bs. You going God say I'm gonna jail with God. You can't put no other guy but owe me. You can't serve two guys. That's what he say keeping the 100. Now God say you can't serve two God He didn't say you couldn't serve two women, three women, four women, five women, six women. So if your girl at the highest tripping right now by some other woman, tell her shut her motherfucker.


Tell her plus and be scared till you miss your blessings sometimes running your mind stressing out you women stressing about what your man doing. Why you worrying about things you have no control over. You can't control whether it rain day or not or the sun come out can't you? No the good Lord do that. So stop worrying about things you can't control baby. Real talk. Let that man do what he do. Real talk. You stressing your gray headed, your hair falling out, your hormones all over the place. Every time somebody say something to you, you snap on. Don't never let no man get that kind of control of you or you lose sight of a bigger goal.


I'm like you understand fellas too. You a woman every time you look around, see texting where you at? Where you at normally your motherfucking business long. You got kids worry about them. Don't worry about me. Worry about your kids. I told you in 2025 I'm about to start making these women be mothers again. All that horn shit that's out the window. You want a hoe? I'm calling CPS on you ho. Then you gonna jump on social media crying. They took my kids. 'cause you are un ass muckler. You want to go out and shake your ass all night and then don't get no money at the end of the night and your ass could have been on some job. Your ass could have been taking college classes somewhere.


You could have been doing something productive for your children. But you wanna go out with your homegirl and them who ain't got nothing going for theyself. All they got is good coochie. They ain't got nothing else. God didn't give 'em nothing else but good coochie. That's it. You want follow with them or you want be a mother for your kids Man real tall man. I know it's me. We love hos. I get it. But it, it is more than life that just hoes. Man you gotta teach these hoes man. They ain't, they ain't been taught nothing 'cause they mama ain't taught 'em nothing. You gotta teach these women man. Yeah you, you a man. You know what I'm saying? You ain't on your feet good when you see a chick, you know what I'm saying.


Half of the time you ain't just trying to hump her, you really ain't got nowhere to stay So you really just trying to, you know what I'm saying, move in with her And that's the kind of attitude I like. I done fuck had no money, no car. All I had was this money each caterpillar and that motherfucker turned my caterpillar to a fuck fly. I forever love do you hear me? I forever love her. She always gotta spill some place in my heart and it won't change. It won't change for nothing in the world y'all. So I'm letting you know her right here today. What's going on? We gonna talk about Eagles.


Oh yeah. This weekend going down Orleans. Hell, new Orleans got some of the best food in the world. If you ain't never been to New Orleans, you might want to get up and go down now I already said I want, I don't know who going live but I Eagles gonna lean there. I don't know why I'm feeling this way and I know I'm normally wrong on my picks but I feel like the Eagle's going win man. I get something about I feel like say Corn Boston gonna have about 200 yard rushing. I just feel like it's gonna be a Vence game from the previous Super Bowl two or three years ago that they had. I just feel like the power power that the Philadelphia Eagles have, I think it's going to be too much for the Kansas City Chiefs.


I really do. That is what I think that if the Chiefs win they just win like they do. Got the better quarterback. We ain't gonna sit here and and and and say Jaylen Hearst is on the same level with Pat Mahomes because there is nobody in the current NFL right now that's on the same level as Pats good quarterbacks. But Pat Holmes is great and once again if play out, if Pete show up to New Orleans, Eagle's not gonna win. But if Patrick show up in New Orleans, the Philadelphia Eagles win. But I'm guarantee you p gonna be at that Super Bowl. His father going to be at the Super Bowl. His kids won't be there.


I told y'all his wife do not let them kids go around. They grandpa no they don't know what gonna come out found mine and they can't hold him When that nigga go off, that nigga could go off. Tell y'all some real shit When Patrick Mahon daddy come over them motherfuckers ain't playing ing pong and all that shit no more. They playing deuces Wild and Domino. When your daddy come over now when their daddy leave they black, they back playing Monopoly and all Chucks and all that white boy shit. But when the daddy there nigga is throw my nose and boost his wife black everywhere C Rock, cigarette, nose everywhere know Pam home got big money, you know the house or motherfucker be you ain't even know the wife and key stuff.


That's how big the house is. When daddy come over they on another six and another motherfuckering house and they get real real ish over. God I ain't when your daddy come over they listen to Bone Thug and Harmony. It's the thug bone. I'm telling you y'all, y'all wouldn't even know people if y'all went to his house when daddy y'all wouldn't even know f real talk he talking type shit. I'm telling you listen in future and all all that but sure your daddy leave. He a white boy all over again and he name that 'cause his mama white. He can't change the way he is leper can't change his spots. Don't give a damn. Your daddy ain't black.


He is a he is that but he got wife eating too real tall now he loves chicken and dressing just like me and you love chicken dressing when we around but when we leave that motherfucker right back eating chicken south. I bullshit. Your daddy come around daddy you want some chicken on torch out? Huh? I got aship. Whatever you want when your daddy leave your chicken salad, potato salad with raisins in that shit stole type of stuff and type of shit. That's two sides to them. I keep telling us all this y'all don't wanna listen to me, y'all gonna listen to everybody is now everybody is on there because they on TV and y'all think what they say or they played the game. Y'all listen to them.


That's full of shit. Oh man they played the game. I listen you don't really listen to you stop. Same way you nigga be listening to these pastors and they fucking y'all mommas in. Y'all aint but you still believe in this ball he can sweat motherfuckers off. No he sweating because it's hot. That nigga sweating 'cause he on them damn dirt. I ain't disrespected damn pastor out though. I ain't wanna be respectful when I say this but them motherfucker got penises just like we do. If you don't think they ain't trying to use them, you will motherfucking lie. My uncle was a pastor don't you think he wasn't slinging that motherfucker? Me either.


I mean this nigga had a competition. How many of these hoes can we knock down that church? Lord forgive me for my sins. I'm being honest. I was knocking them down, them down trying to tell your uncle was knocking them down once. Show y'all some real shit And I ain't just doing it just to do real shit after church on Sundays can you get collection you going to in the back count of money. This is my uncle. I said dang I ain't, I said what? What you run today? He nephew, he because he said nephew we ran by said uncle ain't no tax wasn't no church money Don Pastor don't not tax my uncle be literally in the back counting money.


Oh you know sister, sister Edna need help with a we ain't die soon. Wasn't no motherfucking young BBL motherfucker walking there saying they need two or $300. Shit come with I got you. See it's a game. The NBA is a game. The N NFL is a game. If you going think there's this game is is is not rigged. Something wrong with you. Something wrong with you. The NFL owners going to eat the NBA owners. They going to eat NHL on baseball. They going eat. They gonna do whatever's best for the league and what's best for the league was getting another star in LA when LeBron League, that's all that's about.


Magic was a star. Kareem Maul. Kareem Maul. Jabbar was a star. James Worthy was a star. When that start faded out they start getting stars in. They bring in Shaq, they crack open, stole him from the Hornets come here. You know what I'm saying? They go grand deal stars. So it's a game man. Don't fall in this. I'm just having fun with this. It's entertainment to me. I don't take this shit serious man. That's why you see me rocking each everybody jerseys and this and that 'cause it's a game. And once y'all learned that this is a game better off you will be. Some of y'all be. Some of y'all already lost sleep because the Mavericks trading Luke.


Y'all can't believe they trade. Luke look I can't believe they trade Luke. Y'all all no sent you in your comments threatening me 'cause they trading local. Meanwhile your girl giving everybody on her job here, you ain't mad at that. How you gonna be mad at me, not mad at your girl fa make it make sense. I'm just having fun with this. But that's but that's the kind of world we live in y'all. Y'all take everything so sin man. But y'all better still enjoying life. All the bad motherfuckers dead. Y'all ain't real gangsters. Real gangsters dead or in prison. Y'all lying here full of shit. Yeah you want gun down somebody my color, me and my color, we going fight and kill each other every day.


But when somebody else do something you look the other way. White fool. Y'all would think they way about ego. Color shouldn't be about color no more but it's gonna always be racist. Just what it is. Some of it ain't as bad as it used to be but it's racism everywhere. Chinese people, some Chinese people don't like blacks. They ain't gotta be white just black to racist. Chinese don't like black. Some blacks don't like Chinese. That's just how it goes. But don't let that shit stop you from doing your job. That's all I'm saying. Learn how to play the game. There's some shit you going to have to take And I ain't saying take nothing of the ass, nothing but I'm some saying some shit you gotta do to endure to go on to the next step. Sometime you might know your boss ain't worth motherfucking down but you know if you can get last year 90 more days, everything gonna be all right.


But some of us got high, got high tempers, we say shit and get fired and you ain't got no money coming in now you're dying on your ass now your baby mama on your neck now what you trying to do? You trying to go sell some dope now you gonna call a text now you on probation but you're still smoking weed. So when they drug tested, now you done violated. Now you gone now your girl by herself now a nigga that she been on now she got now your kids ain't got you and you ain't got them. It's a lose lose situation sometime man we have to do better. We have to think sometimes obstacle situation, we have to think and look at the bigger picture. I say all that to say this same way I'm telling y'all about the Lakers Don't look good right now and do it for the lakes.


Oh man we we lost out. You can't see the forests for the trick. It's some come always, some come maybe not this year but you disbelieve next year something coming down that pipeline. It's coming man. It's a beautiful thing. Watch you. I seen Viegas and Morales Morales bought yesterday. Be Bigass more. I like be Bigga but all that talking about what you would do with Canelo


n John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big take from Bloomberg podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you listen.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No seriously, the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org. Brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council.


Come on.


Tickets are On sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see country music's biggest superstars. Brooks and Dun Ra, Thomas Red, rap Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman, Nate Smith all on one stage hosted by Bobby Bones iHeart Country Festival. You streaming live only on Hulu and you can be there in person. Tickets are on sale now. Don't miss out what is up Austin, Texas man. Get yours before they sell out@ticketmaster.com. That's ticketmaster.com and we'll see you at our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One.


Hey much Canelo will not the maneuver. Watch your ass. And you know it now about carrying top Canelo. That motherfucker might not be as explosive as he used to be. Motherfucker just ain't running in there on Canelo. You can say what you want but he a cash cow. You fight Canelo, you pretty much gonna be set for life. Now I know him and fell a fight. I'm going for Crawford. But it wouldn't surprise me. It wouldn't surprise me if Canelo looked him out. Crawford dog, he'll take a l.


Just don't know if he can just take that that right one from Canelo. I and I don't want him to lose Canelo because I know how my Mexican friend is going. If Canelo be cr but we gonna catch hell do you hear. We going to catch him from the Mexican community and Canelo will profit. We'll never hear any of that shit. So craw you gotta win this dog. I know you going to win Eat I I know. Hopefully you get a hundred million out this fight wherever you looking for fam. I hope you get it and more. But don't let this motherfucker knocked you out. You can lose your unanimity decision.


I it's all just don't get knocked out. What y'all got though? What cool y'all got Crawford A Canelo. Be real with yourself though. Be real. Don't get over here and talk to him with your heart. Be real. Do you got Canelo winning? Do you got Crawford when and don't bring up how Crawford look against his last fight. 'cause each fight is different. Style makes fight. You know Floyd beat Canelo. Okay, Canelo really lost against Laurel. Y'all want to get technical about Ra? Put hands on Canelo. But since he lost the Floyd, they wasn't gonna give Cannelo no more losses at that point.


They was trying to build them up and they built Canelo up and Canelo is a good fighter. But let's not forget he did get caught using steroids, you know, so let's not forget about that. He did get caught using steroids. Same way y'all want stop Barry Buns from getting into the hall of Fame. I think it's, I think it's ludicrous that Barry Buns is not in the hall of Fame of baseball right now man. Got the home run, home run record. He, he, he was with knocking home runs he was doing, he was hitting home runs before they even, allegations even came up. So I don't know.


I think Pete Rose should be in the hall of Fame. I don't give a damn about him betting on no games. A lot of people, them betted on the game man. Put Pete Rose old as in the hall of Fame. Put Barry Bones in the hall of Fame Sammy so them up on the hall of Fame. Put Sam on Jose Casco in the hall of Fame or getting injections in his but put a minute. That's what we gotta start doing. That's what we gotta start, start doing right now. Baseball suck. Ain't nobody hitting the home like they was. They just Sammy so, and Martin Mc brier them boy going there. Baseball was exciting. Barry Bond got jealous. So she, what y'all can do, I can do better if y'all juicing and, and and I'm right there with y'all when y'all juicing.


What you think I'm gonna do when I juice, how I'm gonna look And that just probably how I went and, and it was good for baseball now I don't think football players should do it because that's a contact sport and you know concussions is a major thing in football right now. A lot of players, older players that's right now having headaches and spas and now don't know why you got CT E nigga you can go to the doctor all you know nigga you got CT EV and and it's sad. CT is real lot people done took they lives man and took other people lives too behind that. So, so hopefully they can come up with a better medicine than a new future to help these players cope with, I was looking at A SPN the other day on 30 for 30, somebody with the Chicago birds, I can't remember his name but he, it took his life and then he come to find out he had CTE.


CT is real. You got kids in football, be careful. That's all I can tell you. Be careful. Talk to him. Sit down, talk to him and and tell 'em the pros and the cons of this because all we look at is money fine. But when your child is done playing football, you know what I'm saying? What he going do if he can't think, if he can't even remember where he live at no more and he's spazzing out and he got a family thinking about hurting him or hurting himself. This thing we gotta look at this thing we gotta take into consideration man. Money is not everything. It's not especially when it comes to something like that. But if I have a son, shit, I ain't gonna lie. I'll put him in football, I'll put him in all kind of sports. They're just me. But if my son come to me tell me me that I don't wanna play football. Some of you ain't playing football, it's baseball.


There's other sports you could play but a lot of times you be pushing our kids to be athletes so they could be doctors, they could be lawyers, I mean it's all kind of ways you can make money. It's all kind of ways you can be millionaires. Entrepreneurs man. And I wish I knew about these things earlier when I was in school. We're still learning about these things late but it's better late than never somebody like me watching this show right now, hopefully what I'm saying can inspire you and to change your change train of thought on certain things in life and maybe it could help y'all a lot. A lot. You know if you watching this show then you know it's being presented by prospects.


Scan that barcode right there, type in trash with the two Hs. You know you bet more or less on your favorite player, you know $5 in and they gonna give you $50 instantly. You know like I say, put your P team right. I Super Bowl is coming up. Yep. Super Bowl is coming up man. You might want to get your PS in So you could eat. I'm just telling you. And if you can't watch my show then you can go with Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Type in the bubble dub show. Boom, there I am. The light's been going up, I'm appreciating views going up. More people subscribing. I'm appreciating appreciate the love I get. But we gotta keep push, we gotta keep going and going. I've been a little busy on this tour on my only week once Tour was in Minneapolis last night.


Great show. Great great energy from the people man. I had a great ception from everybody man. I appreciate all the love I get out there in the world. I'm gonna link back up with y'all on that tour if you coming to see me. I'll be back on that tour February 28th. I'll be in South Haven, Mississippi grabbing tickets. Real talk bragging tickets. Come see you boy man. Real talk Live. He knows what he saw. If you're watching this show in this public show, we call it that the the hell no segment. Somebody ask me if you were the owner of the Laker, would you resend that trade with a and Luke?


Hang on. No I got who I can have anything. 200 baby chick. You have that motherfucker seven girl. She ain't done nothing. But when you get that new motherfucker now she doing everything she can do to impress you. I'm telling you right now, Lu in LA right now in the summer smoking weed. They got him two or three porn stars in there right now. He goes over, I guarantee that. I'm gonna tell you who Luca is. Luca Dungy is that white man on Harlem nights that they got that black girl go in there and and put that good vagina on him to get in so they can get that skin going on the end. Old Calhoun, that's Luca.


I don't know Luca like I know Lu Luca is in love with the American whole. And one thing about Kelly, the women ain't got no asses but they got tears and they're, and he going to LA he gonna get all the porn he won. If you think I lying, you can ask Zion Boo. Every time Zion go to LA he get mouth. He gonna think bro put him on them gloves. Shit. I know bro. Don't do what you talking about. I know you looked up but shit, what? You know I know. I ain't telling you in 10 years you need to come here LA with me. I damn right.


I put you on North store Real talking Brian $1,500 put you goddamnit. I come down. You think them goddamn birds the only one little salmon shit. Them salmon is in la they ain't got the beach chief motherfuckers. That dude goddamn can. Soon as you walk in smell like that motherfucker all kind of good. Nah, roads and shit don't smell. Let me take that. I pack, take that back and like go, go. Wow. When you go there, she laying in there on her bag laying behind her motherfucking neck.


You ain't never seen nothing like this. The got in my pimp and you thinking all listen to me. Right? You bang your pocket. I ain't got no more. You know what you going do barbecue, meal or shit going. I do that too. Lu right now is having a time of his life up there in la. Shit. Think I'm lying when I'm in la I, I don't even dge.


I don't d I'm a newborn. Me and Christian, I don't get none of that. I'm just talking about the things I hear. Not that I see. I told you I see better than I here. You know what I'm talking about. So I'm just going out here a second. I don't really know if this to be true or not. I'm just a ion, I'm high. I'm gonna rip Bull. I'm high, I'm gonna get high right now. I feel like I got more. We so y'all keep asking me how I feel about the trade overall. I can tell them I look, I really, really do love it and I can't wait to see the Finish project, what the Los Angeles Lakers going to do. I know they're gonna go out and get a big magnitude. They got to go out and do it. They go out and get a big magnitude Lu get just conditioned down, get back in shape.


I think the Lakers can make a push. A lot of y'all don't probably say that. I don't think so, but they just sit back and watch how this play out. Let's just sit back and watch how this play out. Once again. Thank you. After tuning into the Bubble Dub show, like I said, just not tuning in. Hit the like button. Subscribe. Turn your notifications on. I'm on the road and see I'm not at the crib. I'm on the road working. That's why I hit hit y'all in the things earlier and that y'all know I gonna be going live today. 'cause I know y'all been man. What the what the man. Well, here I am, man. Here I am. But once again, thank y'all for tuning in to today's show. Peace, love, and blessed. I'm out The Volume.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Go miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman.


Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com. The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen. How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage series? One in 10 kids vape serious, which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself, not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster.


It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No, seriously, the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org, brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council.