
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom video breaking the Tackle Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home, the hundreds of casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where? Prohibited by law. 18 Plus Terms Inc.


The Volume. What's up everybody? What's up everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Got a big show tonight giving away a thousand dollars tonight. Yes, that's right. Behalf of the Bubble Dub show. We are giving away $1,000 tonight. So welcome to the Bubble Dub show. I know a lot of y'all who always watch my show. Y'all hear that music trash lot of y'all's Y'all first time coming tonight, you trying to win that thousand dollars? I'm here to let you know right now. You ain't gonna fucking get it. You ain't gonna get it.


You at three, five days, God damnit. Get it. And some of you been bullshitting, some of you really need, some of you just want, well guess what, it's going to the person that really need it. But before we even get into that giveaway back to the song that was being played when you listening to my show, that's what we just watched tonight. Strange. The New Orleans Saints. Only thing y'all got to say this year was about what y'all did to the Dallas Cowboy. That's it. D done nothing else. No quarterback, no wide receiver, no running back, no head coach. Not a bunch of nothing going on down there in New Orleans right now.


And the good people in New Orleans don't deserve that. But the same thing make you laugh. Make your ass cry. Y'all laugh. Y'all paraded up and down them damn Bourbon Street all night when y'all ran through Dallas early in the season. Y'all beat the dog shit out of us every week. Y'all was in my dm man. The cowboy it who got nation no real. It just, it just now last time I checked y'all ain't going nowhere either. Y'all ain't going nowhere either. We in the same goddamn boat.


I ain't sleep for a whole month behind that ass. Whoop with you same fans. So I ain't letting up off y'all right now. I'm not going to do it. Y'all couldn't fucking score Aaron Brooks rolling over this damn grave. Him and uc al. Y'all couldn't score a fuck a a goose egg. Y'all let them cheese eating motherfuckers run through y'all at night. I'm disappointed in y'all New Orleans.


Y'all already done fucked over Wayne not letting him perform and now y'all gonna come out here and do this shit. Who the hell is Phil Rattlesnake? Who is fi rattlesnake? I really wanna know the first shot outta the motherfucking whole NFL city. It's the goddamn ain't not my hurricane survivors, not my witchcraft folks. Not my gumbo eating motherfuckers dying.


That alligator guard alligator killing mother because not my New Orleans Aint. That's hosting the Super Bowl down there in they great city. Not them New Orleans people not Birdman them not master make them say oh baby not my good secret of New Orleans. They gonna deserve this. They they need to sell that whole motherfucking franchise and let somebody here run that. They need to sell that team to Master P or Birdman or somebody from down that New Orleans. Be deeply rooted.


Deeply rooted. Need to sell that team to somebody down that New Orleans. Let them run the team. 'cause right now the Benson family ain't doing they damn job. You don't score. You can't kick a field goal. You can't get a safety. You can't get a me me meet me but each and every week y'all could come on my show and in my comments troll me about my cowboy. But it you motherfucker trolling the night. Hell no. Red beans and rods ain't hitting today is it? Hell no they ain't. I need all my AIN fans.


I need all my saint fans. Report to my arms show right now and apologize to a dollar cowboy fan because we the only motherfucker Williams around here this Sunday in month. Because y'all just see what we did Tampa A team that's in your division, you had a chance tonight to do something. You had a chance to do something special nice like this. I wish rain drops will fall, let fall, let it fall on me. And it didn't happen. They said Aaron Brooks showed up like ETT King Jr.


Do you hear? Said he showed up at the gate talking like he still got it. D better off, let Aaron Brooks come out retirement and play for y'all tonight and spend some rock orna. Y'all doing. I ain't lying to y'all. This was dis this was disappointment tonight from the NFL. This is straight dog food game tonight. I fell asleep 75 damn times. 75 times I fell asleep. Makes no damn sense to me. Makes no damn sense to me.


Jordan Love was 16 for twenty eight, a hundred eighty two yards. One tv, no pit. Josh Jacob was 13 carried 69 yard. Jayden Reed was three catches for seven six yards. Green Bay had to ball 37 minutes and 13 seconds. That down near pretty much almost 40 minutes aint was 60 in the game. They had to about 37 motherfucking minutes. That mean your defense is on the field. I mean time it means somebody drinking more Gatorade than they normally drink until y'all get a stop. Y'all motherfucker not drinking the water, y'all not drinking nothing. Get your ass on the field and do something that make me feel cool.


I got old La Cameron Jordan out there playing and he'll hall of famer no doubt. But that's who y'all hanging y'all had on New Orleans or old as 35, 30 6-year-old defensive again. It's good days behind it. Y'all got to do better. Y'all got to do better. Y'all won't talk about my Dallas Cowboys. I know we ain't worth a damn. I know we ain't going nowhere. I know y'all screaming and hollering. Y'all messing up. Y'all drop pick man we don't give a damn about the drop pick. Y'all forgot we got hurt early. Nah, defense come around getting healthy. If we just had a quarterback, if we just had a quarterback, if old Jerry Jones just ahead time big back Derrick Henry maybe just maybe we might be in the playoffs because all had to do was hand the ball off big Derek let him run that ball.


Baltimore running ball. So as a fan of a of of, of the Greg, of the Greg NFL organization in the NFA right now as a fan of Dallas Cap, I'm upset about this damn season. I'm not gonna sugar appear and lie to y'all and y'all know y'all ain't got no quarterback. You right. We ain't got no motherfucking quarterback. We that's why we in the position we in now. We gonna went out and got Derrick Human, Derrick Human think we've been better off than where we at now.


But that's nevertheless that's never gonna say the same. So let me discuss the teams that I'm, I'm thinking that's that can win it all. Obviously Jersey that I'm wearing. Pat Mahome with Zebra Keeps Can win it all. Buffalo Bills can win it. All the Ravens can win it. All the Philadelphia Eagles can win it all and the Detroit Lion can win it all. Packers. I just Packers and the Vikings, I'm I'm gonna show you some love Them are the teams that can win it all. And the Packers. And the Vikings that I could see getting to the Super Bowl and winning it all. Will it happen? I don't know but them are the teams that act just my gets my opinions. Y'all like I think that have the ability to go all the way to the Super Bowl and win it all now this fucking revert back to the Eagles.


This is a question. I'm about the Eagles in Sequan Barkley. Y'all can Sequan Barkley win the Engel Rush Tiger. I think he need 258 yards. 268 yards. I think he can If I'm Barkley Saquon Barkley I'm going for the damn Ruckles. Excuse me y'all jab Hurst don't need to be playing this upcoming game. Say your sick, dizzy head ass at the house you already can't see. You didn't know where you was the other day. You, you need to buy 14 days out Coach. Gimme a goddamn bow. I'm talking to the offensive line. Oh goddamn Weeks we going out and we eating fill of cheese steaks. Oh goddamn wheat. I'm taking good care y'all. I'm like Brock cur I'm buying y'all trucks.


Call whatever you motherfucker want but I want that damn record and I'm having a long talk for AJ Brown. I know you want the ball but what you ain't gonna get it. This motherfucker bark team now y'all wanna be real Thatn Barklay team. Ain't no more Sha McCoy. God damnit it barley. Even though I think McCoy will be a hall of famer. But what this motherfucker done come in and done, he put team on his back when Hurs can throw that motherfucking ball eight yards. He was running the rock.


Everybody wonder what's going on Hurst. He ain't had no sir you had little Kiki and he eight niggas When they, when they, when they, when they get off that shirt what happened? They ain't the same. They ain't the same when they off that sir. But they trying to, we Lil Wayne wasn't the same no more when he was getting off that Sir Wayne made some of his best music when he was high and on that shirt when you heard that goddamn light flick, you know it was on. Y'all know ain't lying to y when you hear that like flick on that song, you know it was Wayne would go half do that square business.


So I think Taquan Barklay can get that record. I do. That's just what I think. I think he can get it. I think he should get it. If I'm the Eagles I go after that. It's the NFL record but held by Eric Dickerson for over 40 years. Records are meant to be broken and I'm Saquon bark. They they need him to break that record for the running back because the running best kind of been for, forgot about they don't really get paid no more like the quarterbacks and the wide receivers and the offensive linemen no more. They feel like, they feel like they can get a running back from anywhere now. And I don't personally believe that. So if I'm Saquon Barker, I'm going after that goddamn record. How do y'all feel about Saquon going after that damn record?


Man, somebody say he needs to leave. I I'm just keeping it real. Somebody said Rolex Hawaii vacation for sure. That's where the Cowboys going. Hawaii, Cancun, Cabo Turks, Damon when the season over that's where they going and that's where they supposed to be on motherfucking vacation square business and be for the Philadelphia 76 ERs. He got kicked out the game tonight. Motherfucker if he ain't getting kicked out the game he hurt. I know he don't wanna play his feet hurt them goddamn s Man you could go, Nike will give you a bag fam somebody will get in big a bag and get him out.


Them damn skees them them damn shoes baby wear when they first start walking. Why you goddamn lip all the time One of them baby shoes no poor bottle as shoe. Get your ass out them shoes and get you in some Nikes or some meas or something. You got better out playing in them. Ye playing in them damn schedules. Ain't no damn sis. And but you too big and too talented. Fa then you want to act like you like you, you acting like you wanted to crash out on that female real boy. Stop. You know you rang over wind on Win Man but 75 pounds you gonna run him over. Come on fam.


Come on now. You better than that. Shout out to Tyrese Max too by the way. Man. Told you last night, shoot the motherfucking ball. I wouldn't throw the ball. All the vy Paul George, no motherfucking mo. Why? Because they ain't gonna be, they ain't gonna be healthy anyway. Why I'ma get y'all the ball. Y'all ain't gonna be here. That's a nursing home team with Paul Joy and mbi. That's Ray and Claw. We on deck. Let's be real. We on D. Another question is right now we just talking about right now is Joe Burrow the best quarterback in in FLI say yes he got over 4,200 Passeng yard, 39 touchdown eight in the system.


I would say Joe Burrow is doing his goddamn job and that's all you could ask for sometime is to just do your damn job. I oh yes it's people. Sometime you hire somebody come over here and mow your yard, they mow your yard but they gonna blow the leaves off the sidewalk. You know what I'm saying? People don't do they motherfucking job. So when you people gonna do your job you're fine. Now I have to go out and hire me a goddamn Mexican and God he getting off of me. I'll never offer people water or nothing when they do my yard. But when my good Mexican friend George come over here I offer water You hungry Shit. Old lady cook something my girl cook. I you hungry do that to another, it won't take breaks.


All this other shit on the phone. Hey I'm gonna finish your yard in a minute. I gotta get this nigga die hide. You do a job I need since you can't do it five get George and the boy that's over him. God damn George come over here. He at nine Here, here, here, here every Tuesday morning at nine 15 truck trailer leave blow zero turn God he going down. Well he'll never take the food I get 'cause I guess Maria will be making them goddamn manos. They got their own food, got their own, they got got their own water and if they ain't got walking they got beer. God if they break at 1130, goddamn they break at 1130.


They're right back on the job at 12 George ain't Mr. Dave been working for me for two goddamn years. My yard no ain't never seen grass this goddamn green ever before until I move into this neighborhood. Now that now my neighborhood asking me can you think he can do my yard God. Right. It can green the only color that matters of George kind of time. I go over towards high and we, we we'll drink a few and I eat barbecue with him. I know I might not be eating a a a farm animal. I know I might be eating something that we ain't supposed to be eating but God damnit it's good he put that maple syrup honey blaze on that motherfucker And I go down through there with him Damon, he toasting.


I'm toasting now his wife come out now her sister come out. His sister-in-law don't speak no goddamn and I don't either my name in your dog and I'm in that motherfucker digging in. God I'm knocked the me out this pin. I'm not bullshitting you. I'm the meat out pin. I'm all his mama and them God. She in the goddamn needling Quis I'm in there with. I'm in ain't never stranger you. You be wanting hire your own people your own color but the motherfucker two knows all in your house looking at this and looking at that nigga.


God damnit you supposed to be fixing my hot water here nigga. Why you in here looking at my studio? Well you know well you know my son been thinking about doing they podcasting thing and the hell in my room for boy. I'm just saying. I ain't mean to five God dead me five telling y'all the truth. You say George I work 10 brother. Hell yeah, George do and it's yes sir to me. Make me feel like a king. Yes sir. Yes sir. Mr. Morgan. Yes sir. Yes sir. Nigga shit. Bam, bam ba leave.


Bam. You got something to smoke. Bam. You got a cigarette. Oh you don't smoke cigarette. Damn. Bam you doing good. Damn. Bam boy ain't blessing you. Bam you ain't, I heard you Illuminati damn Bam. You, you don't Hollywood bam you ain't got your teeth. All these motherfucking questions do your job. Lemme this


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Hello It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home, the hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Where? Prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Time y'all critical time y'all two day Christmas. Let me be honest with y'all man. These women are selling that motherfucking cat. They selling that motherfucking cat like these goddamn grocery store selling chitlins right now. Bucking chit the FO dollars you can get you a slice of cat for 57. Don't ask me how I know. Goddammit you can get you a slice of cat for $57 right now. That motherfucker is on sale. You know how you normally call and ring and ring and ring then they pick up that motherfucker. Don't even do a half a ring now. Hey I was just thinking about you. I know you was.


I know you was. So when you coming over now they want you to come over now they got babysitters all of a sudden now all of a sudden these hoes who ain't never got time, they got time now because they want their money on. Damn right. They want that money on. I don't want that up monkey. That monkey like Aup Jack and then Halloween. I don't been carved. I don't kill y'all. The truth here tonight ho are available. Oh, oh, oh oh Some of you niggas. Uhuh ladies, Uhuh ladies, some of these niggas available too.


Niggas ain't got no job, nigga ain't moving no bricks. But the nigga got on the new Jay Alexander McQueen. How damn how keep getting all that money. That boy sneaking off every Thursday night with that boy. Nigga ain't shooting hoops no more. Nigga ain't in the gym no more Every Thursday night he sneaking off with that boy with that slick hammer going away, going across town, getting rooms and shit. That goddamn fun boy handling business with your nigga do you? You hear me ladies the nigga you bragging on your ex-football player NBA player baseball player.


That's nigga getting fondled. You think Pete Diddy in the god damn room with him. I'm not bullshitting you nigga. In the Harlem shaking for Chad Yo yo nigga in the Harlem shaking for Chad. Yeah nigga that you love boo your everything boo. Your night shining normal boo Mr. Keith swear how deep is your love? Boom got his ass in back. All stuff like a goddamn cheek in the one of them key ass rooms.


Nigga got big bug bites everywhere. Sugar. I'm just a messenger. I'm just a messenger that's all. Don't get mad at me, I'm just speaking my truth. Figure not your story. Time me God. Y'all want stories God I'm gonna give you a story. That's what's going down. These women ain't the only one selling cat. These niggas selling ass too. Some of these niggas that been coming in and outta jail they whole life. Do y'all girls keep women keep asking what you want for Christmas. Them nigga don't want nothing but some boy ass just keep 100.


What y'all a night? I get this shot up man I'm giving y'all too much game man. Y'all can't get this shit on ESPN man. Y'all can't get this shit on Fox. Get this shit right here for free on the Christmas time. Bitch you oughta be happy. Y ought to be jolly. Some of you niggas don't went out here and done everything out here for y'all girl. And she still giving you that salty ass cat. She need to be slapped outside her motherfucking head. The last thing your man want is some salty cat nigga wants some good good clean cat.


No taste on that motherfucker in the miles very low one on that's kind of pussy you on. You want one on kind of puss miles very low and I mean low swing low sweet cherry don't you? Hey Cripp Eggnog and Hennessy riding the crima tree matching. Pajama says bitch I told you me and my stu got a matching pajama set. Boy wait till we wear this motherfucker. Wait till we wear this motherfucking matching pajama set me and this still.


She got them three parts on her head. Woo. She go bad mother. She having that two picking her out sexy. I walk in the house like he gonna big motherfucker now get ready to leave. You wanna block him out so you know what I'm saying? What what you want fam? So I talk to her. I'm rough with this bitch. I can't whoop no nigga I can't rough no dude but for her I get down and dirty whoop we be wrestling and everything she do moves on me, I do moves on her afterwards I jump on top of her and give her business Like a rabbit real call.


Ooh. I like the way you make me feel. I do too. Like I'm DJ go. I like the way you make me feel girl. See Denzel gonna become a minister. N They gladiator three 30 and $30 million moving making motherfucker aint ain't feeling baptized me. I'm already baptized then are you? I appreciate what you're doing though. You're turning a new leaf over for good Lord. I'm all for it but nigga you ain't finna baptize me. Do you understand some of y'all nigga when you gonna get to the Money?


I dropped them cash outs right now. I'm giving away a thousand dollars giveaway tonight. Drop them cash outs man. Drop them cash outs man. Hopefully y'all feeling good man, like I'm feeling right now man. For the families out there man that might not be able to get nothing for Christmas or whatever whatnot, long as you wake up in the morning, that's the best gift you could ever get. I know I'm not getting enough for Christmas, I don't want nothing but the best thing you can get for Christmas is waking up the next day. Man. Every day is Christmas for me and my family here every day so man may holiday every day is Christmas for me. So with that being said, I drop them cash out. I'm about to give away a thousand dollars to a a lucky family.


Hopefully this a thousand dollars goes to someone who's been watching this show who's been supporting me and not somebody just tapping in trying to get lucky. I'd rather go for the people that really rock with me because whoever rocking with me, you know I rock with y'all real talk. So if you in the chat right now man, drop them cash apps. You finna pick a winner for this thousand dollar giveaway for Christmas man. And we gonna continue to do this on this show giveaway. It might not be money, might be jerseys, might be tickets, et cetera, et cetera. But that's what we doing over on this show. We gonna keep rocking out. I promise you that.


If you're watching the show then you know the show being presented by prospects going download the number one sports fantasy app right now that's in the game right now. Scan that barcode trash. You know you put $5 in, they gonna give you 50 instantly. You bet more or less on your favorite player. And if you can't watch this show you can listen to it on Apple podcast and Spotify just type in the bubble dub show download. Let's get these downloads up, let's get these downloads up. I know y'all probably I got something to talk to y'all about. I just got a tour with my cousin Leon. He gonna went out and bought my cousin some fake Jordan for Christmas.


I don't like it Jordan. It ain't the real Jordans and the nigga doing the splits on them. Do you hear nigga, nigga, nigga doing the splits on the damn show. He doing that damn Tupac dance everybody doing on TikTok and I don't like it. We worked hard. I wore fake shoes so my kids wouldn't have to wear fake shoes. You bringing my family back through a circle. We gonna do that to our kids man. Then my he bought him Michaels. That's what he bought him. Michaels both of his kids. He bought him some Michaels. They two and three. That ain't no goddamn Michael Jordan. Them Michaels, that little boy two and three.


They gonna already have towing acls by the time they get eight watch. But that's time them little niggas get eight they gonna have to acas never seen no shit like this day in my life y'all I ain't dub, I ain't never seen no shit like this man this shit is starting to bother me shit family doing these days. It just ain't right. We supposed to do right by these kids. We supposed to protect these kids. We supposed to give these kids the the best education that we can give them 'cause they not teaching our kids a motherfucking thing no more in them schools. Y'all especially black kids, they era all goddamn history.


Do you hear me? They era all history. Them kids ain't gonna never know nothing about slavery. They won't know nothing about it. They trying to wipe their sugar away from they damn mind. We can't let them. We can forgive but we can't forget sometime I think we can forgot what's the biggest purpose is man we playing catch up. We are so far behind it's time for us to catch up man we are smarter than what we are or what they portray us to be. Love being black. I wouldn't change it for nothing in the world man.


And I wouldn't, I love everybody man. But they trying to erase our history and we can't stop that. We gotta teach our kids sometimes we gotta get 'em off on cell phones and get 'em off YouTube and I'm just talking to me right now 'cause that's what my kids do and sit 'em down and talk to 'em and and teach 'em you know especially you know teach 'em from right from wrong but teach 'em their history. Teach 'em our culture. Let 'em know where we really come from and what we stand for as a people. We more than just being strong. We intelligent. We are beautiful, we are smart. We are the shit. We are the world.


We we're the world and that's just what we gotta do. Lakers playing tonight playing Detroit Pistons. Shit they ought to get that win. I think they playing Detroit tonight. They they ought to get that. They ought get that goddamn win tonight bro. I ought to half 30 motherfucking point 80. He ought to have 60 But you'll look up that nigga have 12 motherfucking point both for 40 And I hate when them goddamn coaches get on here talking about we need to make some adjustments. We sold do the only goddamn adjustment y'all need to be making with JJ Redick is having the downstairs with me.


Look the god adjustment I wanna see I'm an owner. I can't sit up here and watch my team continue to lose. I'm finna make some changes whether it's gonna be for the better or whether it's Finn be for the worse but I'm finna make some motherfucking changes riding him and you got to start teaching your girl that too. You gonna like the way she rides. You teach that ho ride me like this rob me like this. You know them women knows it. Who taught you all this bitch before you. Everybody will practice but if you wanna be with me long term you gonna do what you gonna but daddy even though it ain't but it's you gonna ride this Daddy.


That's what you supposed to be doing and anything else I want. You got to teach your woman what you like. You got teach your woman what you like. It's a beautiful thing when they listen. When I come home from work I want you already done took a shower. I want you already in the motherfucking bed. Once I come in there and get out my clothes and take my shower and dry off when I come in I wanna see a bald cat with that motherfucker curled up too and I, That motherfucker opened up like a flower.


That motherfucker just, God damn right. I don't give a damn if you got a yeast infection, I still you and I I To that motherfucker. I miss you. I know you miss me. Open Up me Gotta talk to her. You can catch me and sang Antonio. I decided Sunday five shows baby. It's down below. You want your tickets? Go to bubba dubt.com Come see your boy because I'm more than what you see on the internet baby I am him on stage. I'm Dub James Brown on stage boy I'm getting down.


It's a man's world boy. Y'all better tap in and come see me boy. I'm like that. Don't forget the week of Warrens tour coming February 1st too. Yeah, me, Mike Epps little dude Ball Ojo Brooks. Corey Holcomb. Tony Robs Carlos Miller. Yeah it is going down country Wayne. We the ones tour. Go and grab them tickets baby. Go and grab them tickets baby. I'm trying to tell you Live on show. He knows what he saw and he's here. Tell you Somebody hit me up Do since the Dallas cowboys out. They ain't going to the playoffs.


How about you come over here and join us, command us. Hell no. I'm a Dallas Cowboy off Alive. Don't you forget it. I'm Rock with the bills right now. Cowboys ain't going nowhere. You know I'm rocking with the bills. That's it. I can't go no other team that say I can't have no more than pool. So the Cowboys and the Bills Washington commanders. I reject. I reject that shit. You sending over him. I mean I, I don't own him but y'all better go check on Pete dig boy that shit Pete Diddy in that motherfucking cell trying to commit suicide boy. Y'all go check on Brother Love man.


Y'all go check on Brother Love. He ain't doing too good boy. He ain't had no freakouts in two or three goddamn months but this shit is killing him. We all know Diggy like to get down Super Bowl time shit. Somebody say dig yo with. Probably so brother. Probably so. But y'all continue to drop them cash apps. The way I'm announced the winner is if your cash app go out for a thousand dollars. It came from me on behalf of The Bubba Dub Show. Thank y'all for tuning in. Make sure y'all continue to share my content whenever I drop. Make sure you hit the like buttons for the algorithm trash of day going to the Saints 'cause y'all couldn't motherfucking store You dig all that laughing at us now you're crying.


You. Them C four boys don't hit when your teen lose. I know I been there. I ain't making fun of y'all no more. God man. Five and 10. You, you, you're going through enough. You're going through enough New Orleans. I'm coming now Nigga savior. Y'all don't worry about a motherfucking thing. Yeah, I'm talking shit about the team but I love to see it. Never forget it. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight to The Bubba Dub Show. I see y'all again tomorrow night. You know the night before Christmas. We gonna have a ball tomorrow. We drinking tomorrow night. Smoking tomorrow night. We gonna do it up for Christmas tomorrow night. Do you? We gonna do it up for Christmas tomorrow night.


Make sure y'all tap in. The only way you know you won cash out for for a thousand dollars. Good luck y'all. God bless. Peace. I love y'all. I'm out The Volume. Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today.


That's live nation.com/comedy. Juba Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. See terms and conditions.