
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC


Holiday Magic is in the air and Ds W's. Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone. Up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Make the cash Touchdown. This week the Denver Broncos visit the Los Angeles Chargers in a game with big playoff implications. This is unbelievable. Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Chargers Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up y'all man? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button. Yeah, for my first time. People just tuning in today man. Thank y'all so much man. Thank y'all for tuning in man. But make sure y'all keep y'all notifications on so y'all gonna know when I'm going to drop. You know I I, I've been gone for a couple days, you know I've been out having surgery but I'm back. I'm back now. I got a whole lot to talk about today. I wanna start out with the story going on right now by LeBron James, take your time off.


No nigga. No nigga don't you take no time off now this is when we need you King James. This is when we need you. Ain't no laying around the crib. Wanna be around Savannah. You coulda done that shit during the summertime if you wanna retire, you coulda did that shit during the summer. It's time to go and get it. Be bragging about how much, how well you take care of your body. What the hell they doing? Breaking down. I'm spending million dollars a motherfucker year on my pocket. Motherfucker I better be able to work 75 hours straight. Look at all the help. We coulda went I got you wanna go out here and get this algebra coach looking there JJ red it like he would go change something.


It didn't happen. So if your feet soak, you better get you a motherfucking masseuse over there there and get the massaging and get your as back on the court because I'm tired of losing every god damn night. First quarter we come out, we'll score 30 other team, lets go 34. It's a good thing. Next time I look around we down 30. What the hell going on? Ru ain't done shit the last three motherfucking moons.


I wanna know what's going on in LA right now. I wanna know right now what's going on. You got the best weather, best weed, best women and you motherfuckers can't win. Y'all can't win. Better make a get on the motherfucking phone right now and bring some help in. Y'all not wanting to help and I love LeBron. I love the death but God damnit, I don't wanna hear nothing about you being tired nigga. He 40 years old Dub chill out nigga.


My grandma was 75 still selling ass. Do you hear me? My grandma was 75 still selling ass nigga you gonna think grandma was tired. My grandma don you. My grandma said it wasn't no return. She had asked to sell, she was going sell it and I gonna sit right there outside the other room and listen, listen to the mother men going going there going down through my grandma like that. The one dude came over, his name was Killer.


Killer was killing my grandma. Oh killer. Oh killer. Oh killer. Never heard my grandma show a affection for a man like Killer. I'm her own grand baby. She ain't never saw me That Con Lure. Your grandma ain't never told me she loved me but she loved Killer. The killer didn't even have no damn legs. That motherfucker was rolling and roll out. Motherfucker wanna talk to me about Broing being tired now you getting 50 something million and you from the Lakers you better not n be tied Nickle Anthony Davis where you at supposed to step up and be illegal so man you I think that's what's the difference between some of these new generation, the old generation, them old generation man they had hard, they they were legals and let me clear up something right now 'cause I said something the other show and then I said it the wrong way.


I would kind of say a mogul I know good motherfucking will JZ ain't no motherfucking legal let me say that right now. Never was and never will being not my legal God is my only legal but what I was saying was they were trying to take they'll, they'll taking nothing out black moguls. Now let me get back to the subject of hand on this about LeBron James being tired. I don't want hear that fan tired you, you tired a losing. You put this motherfucker team together, you started this podcast with this motherfucker uncle being white ride face and JJ red it, you thought he was gonna come in and you run some kind of dream outfit sit like it was going work and it ain't working.


You can say keep coming down the court bull dozing your way over. People know motherfucking more bru. You thought it you a little bit more heavier than you was. Make no motherfucking sense. And I get it, I know the fans, I get it. Y'all how much help the LeBron get need you Right. You absolutely motherfucking night because I watched Kobe Bryant take bad knees ass by them. No as fo salt. I'm smoking the routes behind the scene. Lamar owe them to a bumper fucking captainship and got cool Kobe won pool but smoke rocket ass old them sick and you can't take big dinosaur milk drinking ass and Anthony David back to the motherfucking date.


I'm sick of this thi moving on to our 55th pick. They go and get Brenda James, he went to the G league, he score 30 the other night. Guess what he supposed to do. That's what you're supposed to do buddy. But guess what? Do it again because you can do it one more again your As bring that back to the we need you. Damn if you could do that in G league God damnit you could do it on this hardwood. I couldn't run the Lakers bro. You wanna stay home, stay your way at home but tell bro have this motherfucking ass up here right early because you own debt and I heard about the 50 million in Jersey sales and I want my goddamn percent too all all the body.


You gonna get my yeah go dirty. You niggas quiet dog but ain't give a dude again ain't over can give you some of that motherfuck Gooch. When them be do then they come over when they ain't do and give you something it ain't the same. No no do it again. I want, I want the same you gave me on the 29th and I want the same on I'm behind on do you hear me?


No And I am already motherfucking I done took one of no motherfucking pills outta some shit. You plan come, you got it going down. I don't give a damn. I don't give a damn about I that nigga some medicine but otherwise your funky ass ain't leaving. You finna take this all motherfucking night Nick.


I'm him. You brave for me Whisper me here I'm you won't give some nigga that tree here I am. Don't maybe put you in my goddamn trash now if I put you in him it's over. That's what we gonna start doing to people when they gonna do right. We gonna start putting them right in him Time. It shook you. I want the same motherfucking coochie and goddamnit went because they give it to you better. The head better, the sex better is welcome. They phone ring. Don't even try to answer the phone no more. Normally when they ain't, lemme get that right quick. Now when they motherfucking bills do them focus and so am I God damnit I'm focused too.


God damnit, she sweating. I'm sweating. We glistening in this motherfucker. We like Krispy Kre donut and him. Her kids calling. My kids calling God damnit. I ain't answering. She ain't answering some love making they goddamn bedroom shaking the needle. I'm gonna make sure no none of them got. I'm sick. You ain't gonna get pulled out. I got you. You can go and call your daddy them tell them don't even worry about putting they money together do came through the rescue. I'm him. Damn right. That's what's going on around here. Another thing is y'all talking about you ho Remy Ma you got some kind of motherfucking nerve PPO held your motherfucking duck wing.


Duck my fucking ass down while you was in the penitentiary and God damnit you come home and get damned up then want cheat. Why would you do a good man like that Gave gave you his motherfucking life. Didn't nobody ever want Papoose but you, you made other women want Papoose Me. Didn't nobody want no motherfucking Bose. They couldn't even believe. He can't even believe it now how the women want him now. It came from they black love shit. That black unity shit. And you gonna go out and disrespect the king like that. You wrong, don't beside your motherfuck self youll build like a can opener.


You. He went down nigga Miami and got your ass together now. You know what I'm saying? He done got you together now. Now you feel like you can do him any kind of way but only one thing I gotta say about Papoose. You get your ass out there woman house. You laying up with the jam car Damnit dog. Go talk About it. I'm gonna talk about it. Remy, you can't walk car you that Mike Tyson lower body bill. Motherfucker got some hands. I'm Bullshit That Clarissa.


You got some mother that ain't no you but you shit come God ing fan but got like it will me Stop.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


It's ready from the Bobby Bone Show here to tell you that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4. Yeah, available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander seating up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more of this national sales event. The deals are there when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. That's buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


How crispy are the new deli me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli x crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


This Is an ad by Better Health. What's your perfect night? Maybe you're settled at home alone or with loved ones covered in blankets about to watch your favorite show. It's cozy, it's calm, and you're ready for a perfect night in therapy. Can feel a bit like that A place for comfort. A time when you replenish your energy and take care of yourself. And hey, you can even do it without leaving that same cozy couch. This season is the perfect time to give therapy a try. Right from the comfort of home. With Better Help get matched with a tailored therapist based on your needs and preferences. Entirely online. Designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find comfort this season with better help. Visit better help.com to learn more and save 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com


Now you did good when Remy knew you Get your ass on out the way somewhere and chill your fam Remy. You take your motherfucking ass home these holidays and be with that baby. Christmas Pap said you wasn't not criminal. He said you were with the other nigga Papsmear. I pamm. I seen you talking. You told off on yourself sometimes. Keep your motherfucking mouth cold. They wanna see We gonna say Pat Poop knocked baby milk at you. Talking about you want another fade. No, you better leave that up to your barber.


You better leave a fake up to your barber because you know Pat Poop will fighting for all the motherfucking years. He done love Remy Martin through Ain't Was Girl going to visit after visit. Being faithful couldn't be me. Me being with M Martin, she went to jail shit the first night I'm in some jeez too. And waiting on my car baby. We miss you baby. We just don't know what we gonna do about you lying like a motherfucker deep down inside. I'm glad you I can give off now. I'm gonna keep money on your books and I God, when you come home everything gonna be good.


Everything gonna be good when you come. But why you in now? I'm aint, I don't give a damn long as they spreading them lead like MJ logo, God damnit, I'm going down Don count with consent. That's the new thing. Now y'all gotta say now I'm gonna start the trend with consent. Yeah everybody JayZ. See boy, that's trouble boy way you look at it. Trouble over for JayZ. Don't y'all let him out If he go can you help me? I love you correctly.


That's the thing. Beyonce ain't being loved properly. Like JayZ be holding the dime in the dungeon. Come out here to the country with me. I know you from the eighth but you ain't never came to the country though. I can bring you up. Come to the country and ride horses with me. Real horses. Big Clydesdale. Yeah motherfucker big too. Ain't no bones, no good nutrition got all these shots and they ain't got worms in their belly full of motherfucking heat. Best God damnit Donit got you. Well he ain't doing, I'm doing it. It's the little thing for me. And JZ ain't never wash no damn dishes. He had a maid didn't he?


I know he did. I bet I wash him. I bust them sons. I'm a real one be I drink your motherfucking bad wall. I tell you the best actress in the motherfucking world that I ever seen. You the best singer ever. Whitney. Never Aretha, never Pat the bear pie trash. I'm here for you B I'm dangerously in love with you. I'll never leave because you got that job. You got that job. You good to me. I'm good to you. If I can't have you beat their salon come she can whoop me all in that other favor.


I wouldn't give a damn. I wouldn't raise a hell, I wouldn't raise a fingernail at Salon either. Shit, come here, run through a hose. Come let me get with Beyonce, boy not come to my goddamn family reunions. I'm gonna have everybody mad at me. Everybody love me. They gonna be running up. I'm gonna have secure with me back them niggas up. You took Mama bath just a little. Y'all ain't get my baby sick. Shit. I'm gonna be in Beyonce ass like a th I every, she can't do no wrong In my eyes.


I'm gonna be kissing Beyonce ass every day, all day. I ain't know my mama birthday no more. All I know is Beyonce's birthday. I better enjoy this shit. Gotta enjoy it. Who y'all got winning the Heman? Man, I got Travis Hunger winning. I'm also mad that Shado wasn't invited. I don't like that. I I I'm not feeling that that Shado wasn't invited to the Heisman. Can somebody explain to me why it was because of their record or because they feel like Colorado didn't beat no big major teams. Why he didn't get in there? I don't know but I, I want Travis hungry to win but man that rung it back for Bo State got something big Shit.


I know a fruity Pimp baby. When I said somebody interviewed Big Gitty and asked him nigga eat fruity peppers growing up. I know he did. I used to get jealous growing up looking at my neighbors. They had the real cereal. Them motherfucker had the real bird on they cereal. They real fruit loose. We didn't have a real motherfucking fruit loose. I come out my side, my neighbor eating cereal. I'm mad they no real cereal. You could smell a motherfuckers, we ain't never had no real bird With the bible. I'm say the first shall be last and the last shall be first man. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


But I feel like Travis should win high but we gonna see man Travis did play both sides of the ball man. Like that dude, that dude's phenomenal athlete And y'all so phenomenal in the classroom too. And so shout out to Travis Hunger man. I know people was talking about his girlfriend and this and that but that's who that man loves. That's who he love and it lives what he lives with that man. You know some of y'all with some motherfuckers that y'all gonna need to be with right now but But y'all don't lying judging though. Y'all online judging him about how he going need this and that. It's a a lot of motherfucking things you gonna need either. There's a lot of you motherfucker be stealing on y'all jobs too. Stop going to motherfucking jobs you stealing nigga Ain't worth damn on the job.


Got a good job making 25, 30 hour and stealing. My cousin got on up there, the motherfucker oil field y'all. I'm talking about making $45 an hour. Big Dudely truck. Can't tell him nothing right now. But he's stealing tools. He's stealing motherfucking tools. So the dude that he work with, another white dude that got know he reached out to me. Hey man I hate to put you in this kind of situation but thanks your cousin stealing from us man. Can you find out if he got any, any of our tools with needle.


Man that shit man ain't man look man look I ain't got nothing to do with me. If he do that ain't got nothing to do with me. Like I ain't, I ain't in that shit. Well I tell you what, get $1,200 you can come up with any news shit. I drove right over there and looked on the back of my cousin truck and there em tools was you got them right. I called that white man and told him yeah he nigga that ain't got that just what fam got fired. Good job. Sticky thing I had boy don't get saying for a little change. I tell it I ain't gonna lie to you. I motherfucking tell it on you for a little change Crima time right around the motherfucking corner and some of you kids been bad to them motherfucker these kids don't deserve nothing but belt.


My little nephew 16 years old on the block. My sister them calling me least you can do is come talk to him. She can't even work. See I'm not talking to that. Told me from now my mother call you stay outta that motherfucking business. And you know what that I'm staying at y'all motherfucking business. I heard about what y'all doing the other night such and such shit. I don't want that to be me so I'm not saying shit. Matter of fact, my little nephew, he a man got a family now. Shit. Little dangerous motherfucker. You run the family now. Family. Not me. I'm knocked away. I the wait UNC ain't in your business.


I love her you nigga. I love her. You but don't think I'm not gonna come down there and handle a business because I'm not mama sister. Y'all watching this brother shit y'all he run the family down. It's outta my control. I can't do nothing with him. He could. He could have pulling that shit. I want no parts of it. I want no motherfucking parts of my nephew for. Y'all are watching this show and you thinking I'm capping shit going. I go around him, he'll show you better to tell you I seen the way he did his own daddy.


I know what he'll do with me. Shit. Nah nah y'all not finna come between me and my nephew see Nah so far all y'all got now. I'm already telling y'all how he is. How he roll. Stay outta his way. Don't be trying to call. Tell him you gonna call me. Don't put my name at this shit because then he gonna be, he gonna be looking for me and I No, no hell no.


Part of your show man. You gotta know it's presented by Pics man. Yeah use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Go and hit that. I mean scan that code right there. It can take you right to it. You know you betting on more or less on your favorite player. You put $5 in, they gonna instantly give you 50. Yeah Price pick is the way to go. Real talk tune in if you can't watch this show you can only listen. Go to Apple Podcasts or Spotify. Type in The Bubba Dub Show. Download The Bubba Dub Show. Let's get these like up. Let's get the chats up. Come on now. Man y'all keep acting like this show ain't more no more on this show. Like this show ain't entertaining. It ain't giving you the laugh that you need. Come on now let's get to it.


To my motherfucking cowboy fans. Fans. The season. Oh the season is over. I wanna see what Trey LANs can do. King might not better do a damn thing but I wanna see it with my own damn eyes. I have yet this year to be able to invite family over for a barbecue. I ain't been able to do it because we can't fucking win. I don't even think we gonna beat these damn grass. Apples talking. I look around, they talking about Cooper Rush. He been to League seven motherfucking years.


If he ain't got it by now, he ain't got it. Sick of you meeting your people getting in here. He does this, he does that. He gonna do a motherfucking thing. But Lou Bill, your Belichick done took your chubby ass Be Beaver lower body ass up there to North Carolina motherfucker you better win. Don't give a damn what you've done in the NFL College. You better win. See I don't like that. You going down now you trying to block Coach Prime what he got going on? I don't like it. You think you're slick? I know the devil. I know the devils work when I see one ain't another thing.


You went down there 'cause you like them young ass girls. We need to be watching your ass might messing around. Lock you up next. Allegedly. I'm just saying Bill Belichick in college. He already like college girl. Come on now. Y'all talk about that though. Hanging out in colleges nigga you need to be hanging out in nursing home y'all see to be y'all. Y'all see what gonna talk about. They ain't gonna talk about it. Damnit. I'll you get your old ass out that camp Bill.


Hick old in the motherfucker. You help down there fighting in Santa Fe. You know Buffalo gonna kick your ass tomorrow. That's why I got it on Keon back tomorrow in case y'all didn't know Keon. Kobe is back tomorrow and we're going to Detroit kicking they ass. I'm taking our bitch too. I'm taking our bitch Buffalo. Beating Detroit ass tomorrow we gonna make Southwest Eye Street. I'm not bullshit.


Check out, took a shower with you. I fuck with Y. We gonna have your eye straight tomorrow nigga. You gonna be looking like Thor. I promise you that. Make your opportunity into this live. Y'all rocking with me man. Put them hands up and there like this man, you rocking with me man. Throw them arms up in the air man. I'm telling y'all right now. Put your Jersey sizes in right now. I got some man. I had a brain free ugly jerseys I'm gonna give with Jordan Love DK Metcalfs. I got some two jerseys Jaylen Hurt jerseys I'm gonna be giving and George Kler jersey I'm gonna be giving away.


So stay tuned, keep watching the show. I'm fanatics gave them to me and I'm gonna give 'em to y'all. I'm, I'm gonna show love like that. So put your sizes on. I got some stuff for you. SBI got something coming for you fan. You been a lawyer fan to me. I got some done. You put your jersey size in. Hit this number right here man. You could be a winner or some jerseys. So we're gonna start giving, I'm gonna give away like 10 15 jerseys. Man, you showing love man. He said I'm in the holiday spirit and this is the way I'm feeling right now. Know I rock with y'all man. You can catch me in San Antonio, Texas. December the 27th through the 29th. Got five shows down there in San Antonio. All your friends and family members know I'm gonna be in San Antonio, Texas December the 27th through the 29th.


Go grab them tickets on bubba dub t.com. Damn. I'm at the improv down there. They got enough five shows San Antonio, y'all better show out. Tell them love on the motherfucking way


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Face Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


Hi Guys. Doug Gotlieb here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making the now perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new truck. Like a rugged half ton tundra, combining raw capability with premium comfort and advanced tech to fuel your wildest adventures. Or check out our Tacoma delivering trail dominating power and captivating style. The new Tacoma was born to make your off-roading dreams come true. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota let's go places.


How crispy are the new deli? Me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah, deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching you might wanna mute. Mm so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli me Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's. Who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to ha Amazon books. That reading feeling awaits


What we doing? This how I be rocking. If you watching this show then you know we got a thing in the show that we call The Hill and the a sitting He knows and he's here And it goes in. I let y'all come in, I let y'all send me stuff in and I answer hell no to it. But something I could hit me up just the other day. Hey fam you think I could borrow a 50 a hundred into tax season? Hell no I'm not giving you gonna fucking 50. Shit I've been down that road before and I'm not going down it again. People, people borrow money. I fucking here tax season.


I got you. But with the care don niggas ain't got you. They gone the car never in the yard. No motherfucking mo. They ain't sitting still. They going down here buying these oldland car. Ripping the running. God damnit you can't tell them nothing. If they been buying God damn 25 qua sacs now they buying new clothes, new shoe. You know they someone out. That's what I love about my people man. If my people been buying Quas and and ounces all year, when they get they motherfucking taxes, I'm telling you mane they get I'm they getting quarter pounds and pounds.


Some of you niggas can't wait to tax season. They gonna go right up there and get them four, five pounds of straight Bridget come back down here and try to bleed the block. N you know But I'm telling you man, ain't nothing I I'm from that. I live it man. Nigga used to live for them taxis and get four, five bands back. Can't help me. Shit. I'm finna get some rims from the car. Mo ain't what for? Damn. I know I gotta buy two more months for this mo and this over but I don't give a damn damn. I'm finna get it painted. I'm gonnaa put some rims on it screams the pain. I'm riding good.


I remember them days man shit, my people still going through them days right now man. So I'll never knock that shit. I I I've come up with that shit. I live that shit man. Man ain't ain't ain't ain't nothing like tax season in the black family man. We when you ain't got it 'cause that's the only time of the year where we could really ball out. Where we didn't get Christmas. We going get taxi, we finna get them Js boy you best believe that we finna get some clothes. We finna go to JC p. We finna go to Bales. Especially in the country where we from. We going to bail nigga, we we finna get some polo. Yeah nigga taxi season. Oh yeah. We show out real good for two months balling it after that broke like a motherfucker.


But for the first two months we baw it and your taxis are bigger than Christmas man. Well you know some people go pay their taxes for sure well pay their bills. But fucking most part niggas ain't giving a d. That's when niggas catch up. When they get they taxes, niggas gonna catch up on they shit. But for the most part, yeah a responsible person now. Yeah for sure take care of your bills. That's that's number one. But most black people ain't them niggas ain't taking care of no motherfucking bitch. Them niggas finna go get whatever they ain't had they finna get now. Oh yeah they finna get now they finna show out too and it might throw a little get together Now a get together going on man, that that what be going on.


But knowing what I'm knowing now you gotta be responsible man. Gotta be responsible. I tell people that now. Man you gotta be responsible man. I can't just go and blow out my money man. I got a lot of people that depending on me and I got a lot of people that don't even know they gonna bless 'em among these days or they might bless me and I ain't talking about with money. I'm talking about whether it knowledge or spirituality. Man it is. There's all kind of ways you can be blessed in this game, man. I don't know. Look at me getting money or, or me doing something for somebody to get blessed. I don't do it for that. I do it for the love of it. If I feel like God could bless me to wake up and eat whatever I want to eat.


And then some people wake up, they going to know what they going to eat that day. That bothers me. Like even though I can't save everybody but that, that, that bothers me. I've never been the type of guy. I'm in my car and I'm at a restaurant and I'm eating steak and you outside. I'm hungry man. Well shit, you can come eat steak with me. I'll give you half of mine if I ain't. I'm just, that's just my thought process. Excuse me of of doing things. I I wouldn't give you nothing. I wouldn't, I I wouldn't give you nothing to eat. I wouldn't eat. I ain't that type. I'm not finna be eating a steak and then give you some fries like nah man. You can eat steak too. You can eat, I'm on salmon now though. I, I don't eat steak no more.


I'm, I'm on, I'm on lemon pepper salmon. Yeah, I step my game up now. I'm on, I'm on lemon pepper salmon right now baby. I'm big on that man. I, I just, I, I, I'm not a believer in, I remain to be humble man. I know what it felt like. I come from that. I'm trying to build generational wealth. Yeah. Never get too high, never get too low. You never look down on nobody. I'm not no better than nobody that watching this show I'm different. I'm motherfucking different. You different. We all different but I ain't no better than y'all. I ain't no better than me.


So when y'all start seeing these people, these celebrities man treat them motherfucker like regular people. That's what they like. Treat 'em like regular people. Even though in your mind they ain't regular. You treat 'em like regular people that you know what I'm saying? People see me any day they're gonna tell Doug gonna fuck with him. I fucks with the people man. I had somebody getting on my ass the other day man. Why you ain't got man I'm good. I'm good fam like God got me. I ain't no dummy but God got me. I know how to roll. So always with love and respect with me when whoever it is always gonna be love and respect for me. This shit is entertainment. I mean it's business to take care of my family and my family to get this shit to another level.


I'm gonna be a corporation. I'm a brand, I wanna be a corporation like all the rest of 'em. And we could be that if we come together and stop being hateful, stop being jealous and stop trying to sleep with one another woman. That be the main problem with us black folk. We always trying to sleep with a nigga gal. Nah nigga. Sleep with your motherfucking gal man. You get your money. I'm gonna get my money. Matter of fact we could be two real men and come together and put our money together and build some shit. Let's start building some shit. They ain't no competition. I'm eating, you eating not can we now how many other people we could help eat? That's the, that's the love of this shit. How many other people can we help and eat?


That's the goal man. Black people, we gotta come together. We gotta stop hating. We gotta stop being divided man. Nigga getting money. Y'all be getting mad and all that other shit. You ain't even about that. It's about love and peace and getting this paper. That's what we going to get. I don't wanna be around nobody. Nobody's fucking negative man. Nigga there getting money man. I don't like that nigga. I don't wanna be around you talking like that. I don't want hear somebody say me. I'm loving what that man over there guy going. That woman got going over there salute to them. Keep that shit going. That shit motivating me. I called Tac the other day fam, I see you in investing in the buffalo. Boom. That shit motivation to me. He said it better be, I'm just telling you how me and m talk to one another nigga.


It better be motivation. I want NB team next. That's what he told me. Big boy talk. That's big boy. Motherfucker talk to me. Yeah I know you seen what you doing. I'm doing else too on. You got dumb but God damnit problem it. Let's get it. Come on with it. Let's get it trash other day going to the damn lake.


Y'all nigga make some damn decisions and I do mean make 'em now proud. Lose it. It be motherfucker team. I push lose self buffalo but damnit Buffalo ears. Buffalo ears Amir. For sure. Thank y'all for tuning to do Show man. I see y'all tomorrow, man after the game. Peace and love out The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC


State Farm, DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. For me personally, I was one of those people who, like many of us weren't taught about finances. You know, my parents didn't know, but now this is the time where I can become somebody who creates generational wealth or I just sort of end up being in the same hamster wheel that we've been in for generations at this point. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. It's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.