
Yo, what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be. Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious, he was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume. What's up everybody Having some technical difficulties tonight. Internet done went down. So You know, I had to do this on my phone tonight. I I truly, truly, truly apologize for that. But hopefully everybody doing all right, You know, make sure you hit the like button. Make sure you hit the subscribe button. You already, you already can tell what kind of mood I am in right Now. You can already tell what kind of mood I am right now. But nevertheless though, man hit the like button. Hit subscribe button. Appreciate the people who waited patiently for me. Once again, I, I truly, truly, truly apologize for that man.


Just come off for a crazy weekend. We was up there and we was in Nashville Friday and then Sunday I was in Hampton, Virginia on the er Warrens tour s to everybody that's been pulling up s to everybody that that's been supporting me and down with the movement. S got to the dude was in the chat earlier Roy man you if you wanna unsubscribe, motherfucker unsubscribe. I don't give a damn. This is my show. If I say I'm going live, I don't go live. I don't go live nigga, I don't hear all that crying shit I'm in. You wanna get entertained by somebody else go but it ain't gonna be like nigga I'm straight drop.


I'm what they put. Yeah Nick, I what had David Ruffing on the cows nigga Me Man this show for last night's show sick. I done missed another show. Now folks, everybody out there looking at me crazy right now. Let me get something straight. Let me get something straight. I don't mind calling the motherfucking police. I want you to know that. Right. God damn not I enjoy it. No I enjoy calling the police on people. I love to see the fear in they motherfucking faces. They wanna put well then I'm gonna let the boys and blue put it in your damn heart.


Some folks like to exercise y'all. Some people like to go grocery shopping. Some people like to go with yoga classes. Me, I like dialing 9 1 1 Make me feel safe. Make me feel good at night when I can lay down know I done told them some damn body that shit. That's the best rest ever knowing my neighbor done committed a crime. Knowing, knowing it going to jail now. Shit, it just sued me. Make me feel warm and milky and damn side too. I'm play that bullshit. I'm ain't your a or my neighborhood right now. I didn't have to do no vote. I I I ain't, I ain't had to fill out no application. All I needed was some damn but not was in a, in the clipboard And I been talking every damn since.


You ever see how many damn nine one calls I done put out against my neighbors around any suspicious be here 'cause I ain't never seen in my life. I don't calling them folks. That's how some of You know kids be getting kidnapped. Y'all be seeing unfamiliar cars. Y'all not saying nothing because you on dope all day drunk, not paying attention. And then by one 30 in the afternoon nigga Susan gone. Why? Because you niggas not uncles you on dope. I'm gonna be here to clean up these motherfucking streets. Sick of y'all people out here committing crimes. People out here committing murders and y'all ain't acting like y'all ain't seen nothing man.


You ain't seen who shot? No I ain't seen nothing. Not me. You seen so dope. You damn right commit. I seen it y'all and if you committed the crime and You know I seen you we're coming to get you bring your ass on. I say how don't you make this hole longer than, than more than it could be because if you act up, bad news will beat your home. I'm telling You know if you act up, bad news will beat your home. We got to do better black folks, black people out here jumping on the elderly. Y'all acting like y'all ain't see nothing. It ain't my business. Well it mine, I'm a law by citizen.


I pay taxes And I want safe and healthy environment. Not only for me but for every damn body. Greg Abbot trash. I need to be the governor of Texas. Right goddamn Now need some law down here again. If everybody seem like they wanna do what they want do and that ain't the case, you not gonna be going out here. Come on innocent people. You ain't not gonna do it. You not gonna be out here not feeding the animals. You not gonna be cooking and not sanitizing your hands nickel. You hy you trying to say I don't wash my hands And I wash you.


Go in there and take a piss And I watch you walk. Walk right back to the barbecue pit flipping links with your hands nigga you nasty. I don't want them damn links. I'm just stating the facts of what's going on right now in the America. Nobody wanna talk. What damn I leaving. I don't mind going down there and and pressing charges on your ass. That's that's what do it's my passion. Ain't no Greg a feeling in the world watching them police officer, whether it's a woman or a man tell you hey, hey put your hand behind your motherfucking back.


Do you hear me? I ain't no break, no feeling in that I can done my job. I can got a bad person off the streets now. Little Pega crimes. I I see it. I I don't, I don't say nothing. I don't care nothing about the little petty shit. It's the murderers, it's the robberies for me. It's the kidnappings, it's the p to fulfill you. I that's what I'm telling them. If you're doing little minded I ain't got nothing to say but if you, I your woman innocent people causing her in the, in the community. I'm got to get you. I got to sit your hot ass down somewhere because I your you feel like you can't be stopped but in there there's some niggas in there that stopped you.


I saw it with my eyes. I ain't nigga stop it. I can see it on some of y'all motherfucking faces when y'all come back home. Some of my real ones don't want nothing did they thing held it down like real men come on home with their families, they back out getting money. Some of y'all same niggas on this street. Big dogs. Yeah I'm a big wolf but you going Now you are a god big cat now tell me I'm lying. You ain't that nigga hitting a nigga on your ass from behind but you writing letters like you really handing business out here nigga stop it. Oh go jailhouse lies about to stop. They got footage of you now, now coming home saying you were doing this and this.


The footage say you a motherfucking the footage that you can braid her nigga. Yeah you braiding her nigga flesh braid that. That's what you doing in now but wanna come home and and And I like you acting like you are holding it down nigga you can't see up in now I'm just letting You know my passion for this. I call, I call the police on my pastor. Why you do that Doug? The nigga was sprinting and he was sweating too goddamn for me. We done put money in the collection plate for 10 years. We still ain't bought those goddamn van. What a van at?


Where's the goddamn van When I lost my job I'm needed a one $30. The Trumps couldn't give it to me but every time this crooked man Bobby Brown looking job, motherfuckers ain't pass to plate. They pass it well damnit, I ain't passing it no more and when I get my money I ain't passing the sier either. Took a little assist going long around now man. I seen a woman the other day 48 years old, got braces on her teeth. Bitch is over. That's when they supposed to come out at 48. You going to be come mouth but you getting racist. Whatcha trying to fix.


You shoulda been trying to fix some relationships but you won't fix enough. We not doing that. No 48 And you trying to ran invisible line Nip. We ain't do that. I ain't gonna do that to y'all. Now we gonna start holding each other accountable. We going like I say we going until we until we die And we gonna store love in one day don't y'all. We going store love in one another And we see our brothers in the street. We dappled em giving them love. Hold your head up if you ain't doing good we going pray for you and God damnit we gonna keep you moving. Same y'all nigga we won. Put your hand out. Come on man. Just gimme something man. Come on man.


Come live. If you wanna work go down to the funeral home and work. They got Y for you. People die every mother fucking day. Go down there help and bone them bodies nigga hell you you, you there anyway and then you see you might as well go bury him. I ain't no pastors made that kind of money tax free. My uncle just buried somebody last week they paid him $6,000 to go up there and tell nothing but lie. Do you hear that man went up there and lie for that man was in that casket said look I can look so she was in that ca wasn't walk a damn on earth but my past self that lying.


Hell I could have done that. We all gather here today because the big bad bully. That's when I would say it ass assses ducky duck water fried a fried chicken there. It's so must. I'm just telling you from the way I see things and You know what I'm saying. I'm like I'm just be honest with y'all. Y'all know it too. We all grew up, we all got that one family member who never went to church and ain't never done a motherfucking thing in they life ain't never done right for be up cut but everything soon as they die the whole family S oh sweet Jesus Sweet Jesus hell stop calling on God He busy.


God don't deal in miss. He don't deal in miss you women put on a pile of makeup, you get your hair done, you get your damn stomach done as done. Go out to the motherfucking club looking like a million dollars soon as you get home and take all that shit out. You ain't working on court. Ain't wondering why you single. You ain't. You look in the mirror, get in the mirror. You ain't sure your mama don't even know your goddamn kids don't even know you but you thinking so wise people What, what do you have going on for yourself other than coaches get that anywhere.


What? What your what's your mind they can reading right then Ain't mother they divide. We know you can y you divide In this them legs. That's what we gonna look. I'm holding myself accountable. I ain't just to most men gotta do better. We got the league better because the followers ain't doing what they supposed to do. Nigga be still if we all marching nigga we marching in one line but you always got somebody else doing other things.


Bow to get that pistol to put on your ass bow. We need everybody in one accord. We need everybody on the same page. We got to do it together. We can't do it by ourself. We got to do it together. We gotta stop waiting for certain things happen In this world for us to want to come together. We need to be coming together now. If everybody come together like we do for funerals, we'll be okay. We'll stop pointing the finger at the white man. Oh man it's just bog. I ain't got no job man. Yeah they been, they out to get me. They fired me man. Yeah they racist.


They fired me. They find you 'cause you're piss dirty nigga they fired you because you always late for work nigga you always calling in. You always got some shit going on the child. That's why they fired you.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know we're the providers but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away you gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more in fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


But other nigga y'all doing. I'm mad no behind my internet right now. Lagging going on but it outta my control so I can't cry about it. I can't cry. I said milk, spill milk. I let the cat lick it up. I'm already upset with the Lakers. They done lost to the Lando mag the other night. The motherfuckers going to without big. You know why? Because big you ain't here to fur in the other team no more. More. He was help in getting the in big. You the first motherfucker talk to Luca when he came to LA. Come damn Luca was hesitant at first baby.


Shit big. You Eugene said be scared like bitch don't want this be scared big Eugene stepped look know how you do things. You Pepsi out here in la I'm a big bad woo Luke said. Yeah. Yeah. And I, my only thing about this situation, I ain't give damn body this. You don't go big this go for anybody out here doing this shit. Y'all will make them goddamn white boys check here we look we bad to each other. Yeah I put hands on you. Yeah I'll shoot you. We only bad to each other.


We don't do that shit to go white boy. Y'all can walk around LA all day. Y'all niggas don't touch it. Let me put a gold chain on. Roll that on and walk around goddamnit. Y'all walk around goddammit. Y'all want a gun meet down. Understand I supposed to be and they stood you looking at me like a and one of my people from where you from get on their feet and don't come back. 'cause that's the way y'all treated are Dr. Bay. You come over here I be damn you hurry being child support. You think I'm fixing pay you   You know not fact before I do something to you, I let eye And I say please you supposed to.


And I can't wait till I hear them damn sirens somebody's going And I might be all ho and talking shit. Lying who? Call log oh as nigga done call Log. I ain't stealin no police soon the police get there Ain't cooperating a motherfucker. It was him nigga he got the gun. Fuck right there. Let me, I get your ass outta there. Why? 'cause I'm all about positivity. I got kids looking up to me now. I don't know why because I was in special ed.


I didn't know other kids knew. Knew who I was but now I'm gonna roll out so things, certain things I can't do. I can't be on her smoking weed. No I can't do it. I went to it but I ain't, I can't hang out it club no more like I used to let back. I just can't do it be and boy they me. I gotta be here. Oh I gotta be smart. I gotta be accountable. Certain things do can't do normal. Don argue with you now I'm feeling lip wrestle with you now I'm feeling to thank you.


I'm not finna shoot you. Look I'm gonna put you in an institution that's gonna get your motherfucking mind. Right. That how we are do from the bottom of my heart. I'm gonna put your head and sleep good at night. They the fact I just put on bitch in jail yesterday. Hell guess what shield break too. Hell right. Damn popping on the nigga. Yeah you in that cold cell. I me girl gonna get nasty right after this mother. Damn. I'm gonna lo up. I ain't never had this. You is Now you fucking wrote real cowboy now. Damn the cowboy might lose in real eye but not me but I'm a real cowboy that ain't losing in the bedroom.


Got this champagne goddam. It's going down. If you watching my show at night nigga you oughta make love. This all got here Now you your girl tripping and she got a back turn up. Me In this mother gas in your car fooling your belly. I'm about to work my chili. Yeah you about work and working. Well I come from the hip. This bang. Oh yeah Doug come from the mother fucking hip even though they be coughing. Oh boom. This is my kid. Oh baby this is my kid. He never, that's that sweet thing. You've been drinking weight too.


Pressure. That's that sweet team I done from raising canes. Yeah it's good going down but it's hard when it's coming down. All my bubble does support you God damnit. I love you real. Gonna survive the don't fade away every time. Gonna fade away. Mother fucking Lakers doing the four CI think they doing this shit on purpose. Y'all. Y'all want to get to the sport that way we can get to it. I know some many probably one got on the cowboy jerseys you motherfucking right. I got it on. We still America's team even though we ain't won shit, we still America's team we know won.


Right. Y'all team ain't watch us every Sunday lose and that what we be doing notice but back to the lake before. So you got thinking they losing on purpose y'all. I really do. Before LeBron went out, him and Luca them were chilling And I ain't talking my little boy ball boy he look we were chilling but right now we gonna fell off. Truth is be real. Can't be biased. We gonna have a big man right now. So teams just beating us up, down lowing the paint. Like Orlando had like 70 something points the other night in the paint. We not getting turnovers, You know what I'm saying? We letting the other team get to they spots on the court and when you do that you're not going to win. It's just simple as decade.


Austin Reed do not play the same when the LeBron James is on the court. I don't know why motherfucker do your and bro if you, if you stopping the ball. That's that. I thought you doing this shit 25 years. Boy. I'm j my in my house. Ain. When you get the ball let go. I ain't And I but we need ar to be the AR when LeBron James is not on the floor.


That's all I'm saying bro. We know you going gimme 25 and 30 in the play And we need 35 and bro And you big boy. Oh yeah you a big boy. Oh yeah you a big keg drinking bro. Motherfucker. Oh smoke on smoking her looking at, You know. Yeah so after, so, so after the game if you win, I got your, I got your Olo Ultra. Yeah I got your two Playboys no bunnies over here with no hair. Damn. I ain't lying no hair like a frog. Damnit. Look I told you. You my bro. I got you. But that's what we gonna need for the Lakers to win.


We gonna also gonna need Dolton connect to come back and find your game. Yep. We gave this. I need 10 points, 10 to 12 points from you every night in the playoffs. Ain't no motherfucking excuses. Damn you ain't did shit in two songs. It's time to, it's time to come live though. Yeah. Show the world what you really by you in the league and if you in the league right now And you on the team, you can call nigga as simple as that. If you on the NBA team right now then you can call. I know what you're thinking man. Come on dude you tripping. I'm being real. I can't beat none of them niggas more than one and y'all can't either. So they on the team for Reese. Lakers gonna be just fine but I just don't know why Rob Blinker ain't just one out and got the White House or something.


Yeah he go for around and play around but that bitch some bitch can play. But now nigga Orlando Hall Fame which I agree and I'm gonna be real. Dwight Hollow is the greatest Orlando magic guy. I'm gonna get that man's props. Yeah, yeah he did that that I mean they lost in the final to Kobe but he got him now. I I Hollowell was a monster so congratulations to Dwight Hall going into the Orlando Magic Hall of Fame. It will be an NBA Hall of famer as well. Should be NBA top 75 as well. They like, I like that's that's some bias shit how they digging but you gotta look how they dig. Isaiah Turner too found from the dream team so I wouldn't even feel slightly about that Dwight.


But you a hall of famer ain't no doubt about but best team in the NBA right now the teams is Oklahoma. Oklahoma Thunder. Then you got the Cleveland Cavalier, then you got the Boston Celtics Lakers right up under there. Like I I like I know dang y'all can't beat Denver. We'll beat Denver this year. We got Denver number like we got Denver number In this local Yoki should beat everybody else. He can't beat, he can't beat Luke Local is Kryptonite. Y'all talk to me, let me know what y'all think man. Like I know y'all gonna say okay city. I ain't tripping. I know y'all gonna say calf mean. Don Don Mitchell shout out to Don Mitchell. Boy, boy got Coco John boy God do you hear me?


That sexy chocolate motherfucker. You know I got love for you. I ain't never disrespect you dumb unless you woman live will live family. I'm gonna go back in her diem and erase everything I sent to that motherfucker. You know what I'm saying Coco, I apologize. I I was on that drink double cup like future sleep. Yeah I was on, I said some things I shouldn have never said. I was just feeling myself at the moment. But now I know you and him together. I'm gonna go right back in there and delete those messages in in in them in them photos that I sent you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You probably ain't see that too Message honey you ain't want see that shit man.


Promise you gonna wanna see them shit like.


Yep. But if you're watching this show right now then You know it's being presented by prospects. Make sure you go and download the no more sports bet and fantasy app right there using my promo code trash with the two Hs. You betting more or less on your favorite player. March Madness is still going but also the NBA play playoffs is coming up And you going to want my picks. I'm telling you you gonna want my picks. You gonna want run a bag up but damnit what you waiting on? I'm the guy if you want run around I can do pics DM me on my IG page bubble dub 94. I will happily help you sign up for Man Real Talk.


And if you can't watch this show then go to Apple Podcast or go to Spotify. Type in The Bubba Dub Show. Boom there I am. Some of y'all watching this show just not tuning in. I got on this motherfucking hat 'cause I'm the new sheriff for Texas right now. I'm speaking for all Texas right Now. You ass do the crime God damnit your ass going do the time. I guarantee you that ain't no more getting off easy. No more fucking more God damn If you're getting 50 years, if you're getting 40 a year nigga you're getting faulty ain't no more doing half no more. You doing that? Oh now nigga don't let your mama know Mom I got 30 years. Well baby that mean you do 30. You can do 15 and a half now. Be down now when I'm on the scene I'm in there with the parole officer board talking to him.


I don't think y'all need to release him. Well what information you got to to show up And we shouldn't I legal she done wrote this baby mouth threaten them mad 'cause she sleeping with his cousin. Damn his brother. Damn his whole clique. Yeah he gonna need to get out 'cause he gonna do something to everybody And we gonna wanna be back in the same position that we in now. See some of y'all like to stick out here and your shit And you shit and shit not win shit. Shit fun. You don't want the shit on your hand cause the germs causes disease. You don't want that. So why do y'all keep sticking y'all hand and shit sometimes? Why do y'all keep going out here getting the old bumpy face asshole done slept with the whole city then you want to give up, move in your motherfucker house thinking she going do right.


You get into it. You putting hands on Now you going to jail now for domestic violence. Now you could afforded all that. All you had to do was hit give $300 and gone by your goddamn business. You can hear anytime you want. No you wipe the motherfucker up. See it for what? No that's you niggas like me. That's what it is. You niggas like it. You want fight. You won these ho fighting behind you. That's what y'all want. That's what you hate. You like beefing with these niggas. Yeah y'all. Y'all get a house there? Yeah Now you I confrontational.


No I'm not feeling uncle with you. You got veins come knock your neck. You angry. You really want to hit me. Yeah you really want to do something you get do it. You going to jail boy You know I'm gonna sue you for every motherfucking thing. You die I assume crack off your teeth And you come here. Last time y'all took y'all girl on a date. Y'all niggas done got too comfortable. Yeah you got a little money now. That's cool. You buying her shit. That's cool When you took your woman on a real date nigga all about her no phone on nigga you niggas stinking now. Damn W you right. We be on the date.


I'd be on the phone looking at my kins and parl like nigga, nigga kid baby better show your girl gonna give your girl some motherfucking time. Boy I told you Stu do it. You wonder if your girl done left you for a stud. You wonder what they stu doing. The stud. Them babies, the kids, the studs done, done the homework, the studs done hook, clean the whole done. They pushups now. Right now seeing them push up they camera, we got people with these studs now. Man I never thought I'd have to say that but we gotta compete with these motherfucker studs and don't think I said right back they moss couldn't work on cars. I them holes that on YouTube learning how to change every part needs goddamn be here.


We ain't fucking trouble.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about your yourself talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away you gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad Council.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I seen still those day walking little kid to school. I tried throw know name, motherfucking ass over knock little kid but hug. I Done fucked up somebody's family. I know she done took some man, man from his family man. You know what I'm saying because them motherfuckers do everything 'cause they a woman theyself. They they know what in the ins and outs of this shit. Them bitches being up rubbing on our girl asses like cats and shit just pounding on a motherfucker. That fucker they start touching my bitch style bitch I told you I not, that's when I pulled my, when I put my hand on my fight end I got the so, so I got the so, so gotta show. I'm I'm, I'm about to lock.


Alright. Don't say dub, tell y'all I've been warning y'all to warn y'all with this shit man. Spend some time with your girl man. Take her somewhere nice. Olive Garden ain't going to get it. Cheesecake Factory ain't gonna get it no more. You got to step your motherfucking game up and get dressed up for a chain. Don't only shave, get your hair cut. You get that black D in your head like I normally do And God damnit, go enjoy yourself man. Y'all not having fun no more. You're stressed out your dog horn like a motherfucker. Your son in and outta motherfucking jail. God damn your people at your job stressing your old lady don't give it to you no more like a used to. Some of you niggas stressed. I see it in your face so it's time for you to go out and enjoy yourself.


Maybe you just night. Maybe you just need a night out with the boys. Maybe you, this nigga hang out with the boys. My G because we dying too young. 50 60 dying of stress. This motherfucker, you've been with her for all that motherfucking years. She ain't changed yet. You knew she was a problem back then. You don't want to deal with it in your, like when you, when you cross over 45 going downhill, you don't need nobody getting on your nerve. It should be peaceful. You should be getting your every night, every night, every time. That more you ought to be. That's what you should be getting but you not, you ain't mow the yard there.


You ain't take the trash out there. You can hang another baby. Ernest. I didn't get my heart done today. Earn I'm menopause now. Earn, everything's falling on Ernest. People die in the family. Ernest gotta get paid for it. People wanna come over. Ernest gotta barbecue. Ernest gotta be, we gotta be a motherfucking hero everybody. We ain't got nobody else. We getting me And I showed these women stressing the outta us And I get it. We gonna stress her out. We gonna cheat the whole motherfucking relationship bro. Bitch that's what you here for. That's what you here for.


You know I ain't lying to the opportunity out some real shit. I'm fucked up But it but it but but it but I'm being real. Some of you men just watching this show And I know we got some real ones on here And I appreciate y'all enjoy yourself bro. Because we leave In this world too Motherfucking early man. Too early behind stress. You can't fix everything. You can't save everything every everybody, they can't go down If they came with you, everybody can't go certain those you going to walk through them niggas ain't gonna be able to go. They don't know how to handle that. Don't mean you still can't do for em. They can't throw some of your favorite can't go.


There's some more out here. I'm right silent and say yes there's some holes out heard right Now. You could ask them what do you Like, You know the hug gonna tell you little do you like. I'm not You could what you want. Whatever you want. You don't whatever. I you don't wanna tell me that I'm a nasty I'm And we He knows what he saw And you hell You watching this show man letting y'all know we do a thing.


We call on the hell no segment. I know y'all been asking for me to bring it back and and God that's what we doing man. Somebody hit me up early talking about Bubba do You know I lost my job man And You know I hate to come to you but I just want to know can you do me a favorable hell no. Not doing no mo motherfucking bas but he was turning to every other month Something that You know how I doing man. I don't know how I'm gonna pay this goddamn damn life Bill. Man I ain't gonna be doing this shit. Fuck man. You need be here. Yeah man. If you don't mind be next one man. I don't know how I'm gonna goddamn get these tires on my car nigga. I don come, I can tell you get the praying nigga get the praying face without work.


Let me say it again slowly 'cause I be talking fast. Faith without works stay. You know what that means People, you could have all the faith in the world but if you ain't putting no work in stay, that's what we gotta start doing. And we always calling on guy, guy stop going the guy with small stuff stop going the guy with small stuff guy. I just don't know how I'm gonna get to your stone. Ain't got a car in the front of yard. I'm talking that man. No sink. Get your whole ass up.


Get In this goddamn damn car. They too busy saving children and elders and sick people of the world and for you to be crying and and going on and all that puffing and, And you niggas got it bad who go to jail Lord. Just let me get out this time. I'm gonna do right then you come home And you are right back. Oh shit. Niggas see in jail. I ain't gonna do dope when I come home. Soon as you come home She goes your mama tv your mama.


They gonna, they ain't done two the talent off. The mother don't even make TVs in antenna no more can found one Right by your people man. That's all I to say. And I said it again. You wanna live a long time mind your motherfucker's business. That's the problem with you. You don't wanna mind your motherfucking business. Police were called the other night. I didn't call him this one time. I ain't call him my neighbor and his and why I got into it. I heard the altercation but I didn't hear it. It wasn't my mother fucking bitch. She come over the next day. I know y'all heard that shit. I ain't heard shit. I'm asleep ac on with the fan.


I'm old school. I ain't heard a motherfucking thing. I'm not going over and fuck with him. He loves you. Look at your eye. What you think the hell you think he was did to? He you he beating the dog shit at you, stomping you doing UFC move. He that doing all kinds of shit. You you think I when that popped me some popcorn and watched it like it was a fight. That motherfucker getting out dude, motherfucker over. Yeah I did it and don't feel bad but now he in jail now I got information 'cause I got cameras and shit I can take down now.


So before they release him y'all might want to hold him because he's bag than what y things he, he should pass. So he should be a box. Lemme show you this shit. Okay, why are you doing this? Why Look, look young got got teachers. I ain't got no money to pay these goddamn tickets and, And I I'm giving you this and the tickets are the besties. That's all he say God deal goddamn shit don't, it ain't a deal unless we shake on it y'all. I wouldn't said it wasn't a deal until that shook on it And we shook on it And we had white cake out where had white cake afterwards.


That's what we talking what y'all doing man. I know y'all said crazy. Hell said you got damn right. I'm a big bad wolf motherfucker Texas now. Family members calling me, telling me, telling me they problem. They dumb asses. Yeah. Bam. I ain't gonna lie. I need something to talk to. I need to tell you something man. You can tell me everything. Bam. Talk to me man. Remember that one night I came over And I was acting like something wrong with me and do me And I had killed somebody and bam, it's okay man. It's okay. You didn't mean it did.


Nah, I ain't mean it. Damn. Where you put the gun? Oh I got cool. Do You know what you had on that night? 'cause I'm trying to know. Yeah I had which dude? The clothes we got that, that's the reason why I'm telling you he could confess told me everything. I wouldn't gathered the evidence. All of the detectives need be dying. Jesus boy I give y'all this, y'all gotta buy me a baby back. But Lord now y'all know this murder ain't been solved in about eight months. YI know Dick. You lying.


You think I'd call all this confusion for nothing? No you wouldn't. Ain't my information always accurate in these years? Yes guy in my house right now. But listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go back to the high. I'm gonna bring this food back, give us like 10 minutes, heat the door down and get him that way. Hell, because I know the family that died, they, they thankful for me. I brought closure now. I called my aunt, which is his mama. And, and let her know you ain't do your motherfucking job with you the rest of your kids cool. But this one bag of apple ain't worth damn ain killing innocent people.


Anger. I ain't dope babe. I I just hope they gonna give, give him the cure. I do. I'm pushing forward I 4 9, 2 4. He got stick go get bad seed. We got to get real bad seeds. That's all I'm saying. Bad seeds gotta go. Bad seeds. You can't grow love. Bad seed man. You can't grow. Check with bad seeds. Michael said you gotta have good seed. Good group. That's what we got to have. Thank y'all for watching tonight's show. Peace and love. I love your mouth. Make us some Bye.


The Volume, This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Have you guys seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other, but then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this, this commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool In this fight. You can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.