
How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa. Welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woohoo. Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade, so claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chaba life. Visit chaba casino.com. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions Apply. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. 'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are.


There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Green Light, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing. And this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


This is LaVar Arrington from two Pros and a cup of Joe the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma R. Design. Tile Less and Outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available Afro features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more.


Toyota, let's go places The Volume. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. You already know what it is. It's your boy Bubba Dub man. Welcome this Thursday morning. You know I'm trying to get it in before I get on the road and do these shows, You know, been missing y'all man. So I'm trying to go live more and more as as I possibly can. Hit the like button. Of course. Hit the subscribe button. When you do subscribe to the Bubble Dub show. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on. But before I even get started today, man, I pray everybody have a blessed day. I pray everybody can start drinking water.


I pray everybody can start eating healthy. To my people that's watching the show, if we have any diabetics watching this show, take care of yourself. Seriously though there's too many of us black people getting out arms and legs cut off do or diabetes do to us not taking care of ourself. Ain't nothing cool, ain't nothing cool about not being healthy man. You gotta be. You gotta be healthy. That's number one. We want you here for a long time. So let's take care of ourself please and let's start going to the doctor. Let's stop waiting to our motherfucking eyeballs pop out and then I think I should go now. Nah motherfucker, you should have been there and went but nevertheless though man let's have a good time today man. Boy I come to talk to y'all about today y'all. I got some shit going on in my life and I need y'all to help me with this bullshit and and it just simple man.


My my son, my son got my baby mama play brother shoulders now hear me out now I ain't got no big motherfucking shoulders like Derrick Henry or nothing but my baby mama play brother do my son do. I wasn't good at sports but my son's scoring five touchdowns of motherfucking gang. Do you hear me? I'm five seven, my son five, five and 10 years old right now. Something ain't right. That ain't my goddamn son. Uhuh ain't no way this nigga my son nigga in that damn back field.


I'm talking my five six touchdown every damn game. I got small shoulder, my son shoulder like Gary Henry out there and she out there Nicky at he just like, You know the hell he not, he got your play brother shoulders, he got your play brother Dimples. He, he, he he identical to your damn play brother. So I ain't right. I'm man I love my son but he not my motherfucking son so people calling me man you got something I ain't got shit. What the fuck I died. I supposed to be excited at them game.


I can't be like run little dub. Nah I'm I gonna say this nigga and this nigga got a got a got a shirt made baby mama full of shit and she know it. I been asking for a DNA test for the last four years And you going need it. He just like man fuck all that. I want a test now. Ho nigga cold in sports. I wasn't cold motherfucker. I was in the band. I was in the band had time. I'm about to march it on the damn field and shit. That was me. Now you telling me I got a son that's cold.


Never, ain't nobody in my family ever been good in sports nigga we are. My family is Rob ain't that athletic ain ain athletic bone in my goddamn family. That's all I'm saying to you. Robbers, killers and dope heads. That shit don't run through my veins sports. Oh man y'all gotta come see this little motherfucker play. I'm talking about people coming from all over to watch him.


I ain't never seen no shit like this in my life. My mama been telling me but I ain't been trying to hurt her because You know what I'm saying Bitch who am I daddy? You tell me ain't mine. Who am I all tell you something about you but tell you about them mama going around talk telling everybody that ain't my son And you don't even know who my father is Mama you ain't never been lying to me for years. I seen that man. You say with my father he say he don't even fucking know you that you a liar That that's just what he say now.


I don't know but he say ain't ain't son that man Mexican. Look at me, look at me. That man Mexican look at me just going through some shit this this morning. Y'all just want to talk to y'all for a minute man we're gonna get to the sports in a little bit but right now I gotta get some shit outta my chest. I had my little, I had my little person to clean my house up Little real had my little real come over here and clean my house up, get it all cleaned and shit. I had company come over shit God damn it. It's about to go down God damnit I God I done took two or three of them goddamn honey packs but You know it I can't stop shitting soon as I throw shit the doorbell ring it's her.


I had to tell her shit you got to go back. I catch you mama. My stomach been fucked up off them honey. I ain't taking no damn mouth. I been turning that damn commode up she and Ho at the same damn time. Where they do that at? Do you hear me? I'm shitting and on hard at the same damn time. My boogie hold wrong right now I'm shitting too damn much. Pause my shit on fire. Cut my a I honey past ain't got no side effect. You a damn lie.


She was so disappointed. Hell I was so damn disappointed. Can't believe you got me rigged And you over can't stop shit. Who does that but you gotta be careful what you say 'cause that's what she said to me. Oh shit boo don't take back so I had to come over earlier. God my stomach ain't hurt no more. Get over here want some mo comeback shit get over here man she got over here man that look pretty motherfucker. I'm talking my bad. Woo. Lil Wayne face. Woo. She got over, I got hit in that motherfucker for about 15 strokes. All of a sudden she starts stinking.


Get your funky ass up outta him. You fine and funky. Where they do that at now? You just left the house. You should know if your shit ain't up the park. How you come drive over her in your sis stink. Who wash? Your asshole don't get in the shot. Matter of fact get in the tub. This ho gonna tell me how long I should stay in there until you a wrinkle that y'all correct me if I'm wrong man, there's no way grown people should be funky.


You got to wash your ass. It's very important. Very important to wash your ass baby. I'm gonna give a damn how good you look. I'm gonna give a damn how many surgeries you got. I don't give a damn about none of that. Wash your ass and wash your good. I really too. I might wanna go down now. I might wanna go down, I might wanna go deep sea diving. We got kids watching. You know I gotta watch how I see it. I might wanna go deep sea diving but I can't go down them 'cause it smell like a seafood bar.


I watch Seafood Boy but I don't want my woman to smell like no seafood boy What? Can't do that again. Who teaching y'all How? Who? Lord have mercy. Lord have mercy. I never had them kind of problems with Nadine. I ain't, I ain't never had no know. The Young Hoes is nothing but Savage titles. Y'all. That's another example. Savage Tiger pretty fine but Cat Funky. That's Savage titles man.


That is goddamn Savage titles and I feel like all the females that's on social media, it should be a button if you got Funky Pussy and, and I mean Funky Vagina and your page should be restricted. Your page should be restricted if you got funky vagina. Oh Mo, what's up man? How y'all doing this morning man? I'm going through all kinds of shit man. Y'all don't even, y'all don't even understand what, how I'm feeling this morning man. Some shit like this happening. It started last night with the diarrhea from the honey patch. Not this morning.


This done went all the way down to how happened. Funky but y funky. What's wrong? People, people don't wanna wash their ass no more. I know, I know. People who used to go to work musty you can't smell yourself get, You know you funky. Come on let it just common sense y'all as, as a, as a people man. You go to the gym workout, you like man I gotta get home, take a shower man. I'm kind of musty right now and, and and And you don't. I don't even know what to say no more man. It's like I don't know if you, if you around someone, okay, let's do this today people, let's do this.


You ain't a relationship. You wiggle a girl fellas, you wiggle girl or whatever the woo and she stinked. How do you tell her she stink? That's I'm asking you how do you tell a girl she stink? Is it the right way to do it or is it, is it any kind of way to do it to tell her she stinked and why y'all doing that? Why y'all typing that fellas Let hear me out. Hear me out. Need ladies talk them about y'all too. They say y'all ball stink. That's just what these women saying. You always want some head but your ball funky. That's what we doing. Musty. Musty meats work both ways.


Women can't be on one clean fellas, we gotta be clean too. We can't be asking for hag and our dick stink. They they ain't gonna work. That will not work in 2, 2 5. You got to go wash your shit off in the sink or something Dog. Hello It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino.


No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty Beauty. Well I don't know about you but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age.


Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age? That's what meaningful beauty's all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com. It's tax season and by now I know we're all a bit tired of numbers but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone.


But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers. With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms. Apply Musty meat that causes council and a lot of you men out here with musty meats going out here raw dogging the hole and causing these whole pH balances to be off.


'cause these nigga meats musty ladies. That's what it live. These laying up musty meat And you but want tell me you got standards. No you don't. You ain't got no damn standards sitting up here perpetrating because a lot of women do sit up here and perpetrate it like you the prize. You ain't the motherfucking prize. You got three kids, three different motherfucking baby daggy can't keep a job attitude. Bad cat funky. You got 55 scars on your body from them damn surgeries And you try to tell me you a prize. No You ain't. Shit strange.


Y'all be making niggas feel like they y'all outta they league when you, when they, when they, when you not men be scared to approach y'all 'cause you dressed up and all this and design your home. Girl stole it. Let's talk about all this design said some of you women got your home girl stole that shit. You ain't bought a motherfucking thing. You ain't even bought your kids nothing for school. Your mama and daddy did that. So when me and some of these men see y'all and all this high design and shit, they feel intimidated. Man ain't fucking with her. She high dollar. That bitch ain't got but $150 in her savings. We gotta start perpetrating either you got it or you don't.


Tell her start letting these women know if you got it or you gone. That's all. And she gonna wanna fuck with you when you down. She can't fuck with you when you up. We do too much capping. Let them know off the rip. Look I ain't got steak 48 money I I got applebee Chili's money. That's what I got. We can go there and get a nice good motherfucking meal. Nice conversation. We can go back to your spot or my spot. Either or don't matter to me. Do I wanna fuck you. Damn right. But if I don't get none I'm good. I'm good with that but we have to be upfront with one another in this world today.


That's all I'm saying man. Like my home like like I got a homegirl right. She got three different nigga last names on her back. Ain't none them hugs. Do you hear me? She got three different niggas last names on her back. Ain't none of 'em hugs and had a nerve to tell me. Huh? Hook me up with Floyd. No I'm hooking you up with a doctor because you're sick. You sick. I done watch that same turn ring in your mouth the last 18 years big on 75 nigga you ain't changed that damn tongue ring. Not one time but one. Come over here and get a scoop of my eye cream make you crazy.


Take the whole damn bold. I don't want it. You trying to say I got something I'm trying to say you got bumps all around your motherfucking lippy girls. You got something. I dunno if it's that but you got something And you think I would never you can rule. Nah I'm being honest with your ass. That's the problem. Ain't nobody being honest with you 'cause you a pretty little motherfucker And you can pretty much get everything you want but you're not getting it over here. You gonna get anything for me? I'm gonna give you some good advices. Take your musty funky ass to the doctor pulling not that old ass my chart that my chart was in god damn 2019.


It's 2020 hoe updated. Updated. I just took my kid, my baby to the doctor. You you, you should checked in your damn self. These women ain't doing right. They done got they damn taxes. They ain't giving us no cat. God damn they ain't giving us the money. They say they gonna give, they gonna forget all the bottles but guess what though? That's okay because that tax money gonna run out by me. And guess who they gonna be calling again? Us and goddammit don't be up for he I out and got me one of them Elon Musk female.


God damn right God damnit Samantha get me some head and don't make me repeat myself Even ain't about you. Oh I got this robot I'm gonna run through this motherfucking robot. Do you hear me? When I wake up in the morning I on head at one 30. I want some head I got it. Program when company come over goddamn robot in the garage. When company leave garage back goddamn robot back in the house with me. I'm laying up with the robot. Don't judge me in mine. I bought it. I can do what the hell I want with my robot and I'm making love to it too.


Give a damn But you crazy. You sick and and ears. And ears. See you see the way that goddamn robot leg spread like a eagle. Hey y'all ever seen a bald eagle in a miracle. You see them wing spread. That's how that goddamn roll robot leg spread. Come here I be dressing that robot up and every goddamn thing too got a sundress on right now. I wish I could show y'all but never. I raised that motherfucker sundress up on that robot and tell spread she what you say master spread the I'm.


Oh yeah I'm rewriting history. I'm rewriting history in this motherfucker now. Shit I'm just telling y'all what's going. I don't want y'all to repeat this shit now I'm telling y'all now. Now we family. I'm only telling y'all this shit 'cause we family. I don't want y'all going back repeating the shit I'm saying man that's all I'm saying. Don't judge me and I won't judge you. All I'm saying is fellas you can get you one of them motherfucking robots and they'll do everything in The world you want to do And yes it feel like the real thing too. I'm not bullshitting you. I be having that robot squirting from across this goddamn home. I'm not that robot be guess what I'm listening to when I'm hitting that robot.


Okay come here. Hey Mr. D, Mr D won't you slow party down slowly and I'm drinking TE's nickle they robot different between who? Darn Julio and Te but I don't, I'm drinking te with the robot now. How y'all doing this morning man? Hopefully I got y'all up this morning man. Make sure you get on get them nigga award tickets. I'm in New Orleans this Friday.


If you ain't seen me on stage you trash come to see me smoothie King we the woos Saturday night I'm in Alabama next Saban. Where you at? Feeling good man, I'm in a good place in my life right now man. World. I make a point in my life now. I don't give a damn what people say or think about me. I'm here to do a job. I'm here to entertain y'all. I'm here to get sick off y'all minds and damnit. That's what I'm going to do. Not holding back no more. Not worrying about if this person think that fuck em and Bernie Mac boy fuck them.


If people don't like you for who you are, fuck em. If you see a female walking down the street And you driving and you won, holler high level stop the damn car. Get out and shoot your shot. All she can tell you either yes but no. That's all these women want. I want a real man. I want real bitch. Everything on you fake I as is her ass and everything else but you want a real n you gotta make your ma sin ho. All the all be toasting going on. We my whole girl make them ho going to jail tomorrow for stupid.


We gotta stop capping for The world. We got to start living for us, You know what I'm saying? We gotta start living for us man. I don't give a damn how much jewelry you got. That shit don't matter to me or you're taking care of yourself or you're taking care of your family. That's all that matter to me. We ain't out here fella. We ain't out here getting this money to impress these hoes. Never. We out here to get this money to take care of our families. That's what it's about. Y'all got the game backwards. I understand some of y'all ain't used to getting no vagina. I get it. Get a little money now. You wanna wild out. I get it. But don't lose focus. Don't lose focus fam.


You can have your phone but stack that paper. Stack that paper because You know how it is when you ain't got it. You know a feeling when you broke. Oh yeah motherfucker. You know a feeling when you broke it ain't a good feeling. So if you don wanna feel that way again when you do get you some money, stack it. Let let your homeboys go out and buy all these cars and jewelry. Let 'em go ahead now. I'm chilling. Fine. I ain't, I ain't in there let I am three months later. All that shit they got, they trying to sell it. Not only they trying to sell them cars and jewelry, they'll sell they ass too if somebody have a company.


That's all I'm saying this morning to y'all man. The people who go to ho sometimes get the lease. Y'all could be 10,000 people on here. We ain't even got a thousand on the lineage more. And you understand what I'm saying. People who go hardest get the lease but I won't be discouraged. Never. No it's gonna come a time when there's gonna be so many people on this live. This shit going to freeze up. That's all I'm saying. Gotta be patient body tap through the storm in Jeez voice. I just wanted to get that off my chest this morning. That just what I'm going through now we can get to the, we can get to the, we can get to the sports right now.


The rockets beat the Suns. Last night I was at that game. Matter fact Lakers done fell to the the fourth spot right now with LeBron being out, I Laker fans. It's gonna be okay. LeBron gonna be back next week sometime if that motherfucker on the bench walking around in in the in in them. What's what you call them them them them them Bikey Jordans, them Newton, them red ones. Whoever because if he over there they gonna be, he gonna be all right. LeBron gonna be all but we're in the fourth spot right now. Luca bro ain't here. You the man. This your team God damnit Legal I want you to know for players when you go into the locker room you normally have cookies, donuts, starbursts, all that shit in the locker room.


Not no damn mo for you Luca. You a fat, you a bad boy. Oh yeah Luca you a bad, you a fat boy. You love cake. Ain't no more goddamn cakes in the locker room until you cut down this damn weight. I won't allow, I didn't talk to goddamn Jenny bus. Me and Jenny bus talked last night. I told her what I think that what what could help this team And she said You know what I I'm listening. God damnit you sugar baby listen to me. I told her ain't no no snacks ain't nothing no more. Another thing I said you need to tell Roble he need to go out there and get me Jve McGee goddamn eat aint it? He ain't it. Go get me yellow bone ass jve McGee tonight when we play we gonna play God defense.


We gonna get back in transition. We gonna start communicating together Luca. You gonna start taking better. You gonna stop getting ripped God damnit and God damnit you going play. You gonna give a child on the court for me. You gonna give a job. Ain't no halfway in this business. That's what's wrong with some of us now we want to do shit halfway. No we got to go all out. We got to put it all on the motherfucking line When I'm out here getting down with these ho I ain't wearing no condom. I'm put nigga all on the line. I trust him. I don't baby you got some me he Camille here. You gotta put it on the line. Whatever you love, whatever you believe in you gotta put it on the line.


Whether you gotta wash you washing cars for a living, you got to put it on the motherfucking line. You got to let people know when you come get your car cleaned by me, it's gonna be clean the mess it's gonna leave here sparkling. Whatever you do put your heart, mind and body and soul into it and good things going come. That's all I'm saying. We ain't halfway doing shit. We ain't halfway liking people. It be rocking with you or we not. We ain't halfway doing the motherfucking thing. No we ain't halfway getting no good smoke either. We want the best smoke. We ain't halfway getting a good woman. We want the best woman. That's what we doing. We gonna want one of these halfway at Mitch Breed dogs. You want full bloody dogs. You nigga selling us Mitch breed ass dogs for for full bloody prices.


No Ain't never seen a goddamn bitch in Rock Waller until I seen one last Sunday. My pastor after church told me come over to his house and see his killings. He got full of blood rock wall. I ain't never seen no goddamn rock waller. This tall nigga never Now let that first say man nigga talking my he a charge me 3,500 for I be damn I would never give my pastor no $3,500. Reason why all the money I put in church and god damn it when I fell off I told the church I need y'all to pay my light bill Pastor like he didn't, he didn't get my goddamn amp, my word I'm calling he ain't answer.


Guess what I did? I pulled up the church front row. I want the pastor look me dead. My motherfucking high nigga I here and whatever you take in the day. God damnit I want some of it for good money in church. Never between me and God. But when I fell on hard time my pastor and my church wasn't there for me. But when I was getting all that money and I was giving it to 'em 'cause they was in my ear, boy it's more blessed to give them to receive. You know you right that's what the bible say. That ain't what you say. That's what the Bible say. So I was giving that motherfucker, I probably gave 15 bands that year to the church but when old Doug fell off, the church wasn't gonna be there for me. I beat damn.


I be damn we going be there for the people who been there for us. Nobody get left behind. Do you hear? I'm tell nobody get left behind man if you done done some good deeds, it's gonna come back to you. That's all I'm saying. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Saba and I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist, it's efficacious, you're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life. Meaningful beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com. Hi this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years.


From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency.


That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places ID tech. The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people. The fire breathing shell spinning battle bots, people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People. At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning game design and more. Visit id tech.com and use code id tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer To watching this show then You know it being presented by prospect today.


Put your pics in right now. You betting more or less on your favorite player over there. Prospect. Type in trash with the two h's. Once again if you need help trying to do this prize pick stuff. Get me up on IG Bubba Dub 94. I will walk you through the steps. I also will be putting my picks up today. I don't always hit hear me out now. So I'm gonna say you gotta do on your own. I put my pics up there and God it you might say nah I don't think he gonna do that then. Then you you do it. But that's what we doing. If you can't watch this show but you can listen to it, go to Apple Podcast, go to Spotify, download The Bubba Dub Show right now. Stop bullshitting. Download. You rock with me 'cause I know y'all rocking with me man. Go and download this shit man.


Start sharing this shit. Getting this shit out to The world man. These people got to know who I am man. Y'all do y'all know me but it's a lot of people Don't share me. Share me with The world baby. Don't keep me to yourself. God damnit The world need to hear some of this shit. The world need to hear some of this inspiration shit that we got going on The world need to hear about the Bubba Dub story and I'm slowly telling y'all all this shit as we go. Like if you can read between the lines some of the bullshit I be saying, but for the most part I'm telling you my life. I'm telling you my struggle. I'm telling you where I've been. I'm telling you where I'm where I'm going. That's all I'm saying to y'all today.


If I can do what I'm doing, I know damn well y'all can do it too. But I also know it takes help and and it does. But you gotta help yourself first. You gotta believe in whatever you doing. You gotta believe you can do it. You gotta believe you can be the best And you got to have a great attitude about it. It is so many people that I used to reach out to, they can have a mother fucking thing to say to me at all. But now them same people that I reached out to, they reaching out to me now they want to do business now. I could be a asshole, I could be arrogant. I ain't fucking with y'all but I'm here for one reason. Let's get this done. I put my feelings to the side Sometimes you gotta put your pride to the side and get the money.


I'm not beefing with nobody. Huh? I'm mad at you 'cause you didn't respond to my DM four, five years ago. I'm what? I'm no you want the business come but let's get this contract signed right here and get in black and white right here. Let my lawyer go over. It's legit. Yes sir. Mr. Morgan goddamnit. Let stole let's go. That's what we don't give your business all that's all. I don't miss friendship with business. You're trying to book me for a show. You don have to go through my age. You not going through me for no show. Never. You be brother, sister, mother. I don't give a, you gonna go through my age.


If you won't be for a anything bid, any that kids friendship ain't paying no bill. You understand. Go. We cool. You feel like you should get a deal business. Some of y'all got businesses but your friends and family think you should give 'em hookups. We love Walmart to death but we going there and Walmart is the motherfucker telling you could pay half and pay half hell no. And they and they billionaires and we not so we'll make you think I should do it. And they don't watch people like that that come around you expect you to give them a deal because You know them when you hell no.


Whoever my tab is, that's my tab. You ain't gotta pay it. That's cool. Somebody else is. Don't waste my time. I won't waste your motherfucking time ladies, when you come over to the man's spot, make sure your ass clean and smelling good. Don't waste that man time. We are men. I'm already on every kind of dick pill in The world to get this motherfucker hard. And you come, you come over here musty. You playing with my life ho. I do something to you. I I do something I, I do something to you. Now I can talk to the good Lord to find me some kind of supplements. Make this thing rise like yeast and when it finally rise, you give over here funky. You not doing all that.


You get your rabbit ass away from him and don't you come back no goddamn mo And you can tell them kids Christmas cancels. Why am I cancel with cancel mama? Because she a funky, funky. How y'all feeling man? It's Thursday man. I'm so ready to hit New Orleans tomorrow man. And get on that motherfucking stage with Mike Ipson. Corey Holcomb gonna be on SSON too. Get around these OGs and soak up game man. I'm super excited man. I'm I'm start f shoot my own movie in May. Reach out to me. I'm gonna need some people to be in this movie man. I'm doing the independently. It's gonna be a dope, dope series called Snitching.


And if you, anybody who been following me from day one know that's how I came up with the Snitching skits. I'm taking y'all back to the beginning on how I started and to where I'm at today. It's gonna be like a 10, 10, 10, 10 part episode of what I'm shooting. Gonna be some dope. You gonna see I put my money into this shit. This ain't no shit. I'm just slapping together and filming with an iPhone. Nah, this big boy shit, I'm filming and it's gonna be dope. Whether it's on Tubby or not, I don't give a damn. Y'all gonna love this motherfucker. I promise you this. Y'all gonna love what I'm putting together for y'all. And I'm just, I'm just taking it back to the, to the, to the real comedy day with the Bernie Max and the Richard Prize and Eddie Murphys when he was doing another professor Clumps and, and and shit like that.


Man we need that right now. There's so much killings and and drug dealing going on. They need movies. They keep our minds junked up when we can't think the way we need to think. You know what I'm saying? They be tricking us and I'm just trying to bring laughter back and that's what I'm gonna do. So shit, who knows? Whoever watching the show, you could be a part of your shit. You could be in the movie. I'm giving anybody opportunities don't be thinking you finna make a lot of money. That ain't one of them. But you will get some people, you will get fed, you will get a room And you, you, you, you get your name on it. Credit down to, to be able to go down in history and, and what we doing over here on this bubble dub show. So just, just do me a favor man.


Just keep being you keep living life. I know somebody might be down today but you might be up tomorrow. Even if you ain't up tomorrow. Keep a positive attitude. We ain't thinking negative about nobody. All positive thoughts. 'cause I know each, I know we human, we go through shit each and every day. Man. I feel like, and I can share this with y'all. I I I, I feel like people out to get me and that's, and and that ain't a good feeling to have man. I used to, I just feel like people just out to just take shit from me man. And that shit bothers me a lot to go on. But that, that let me know I'm growing man. But yeah man, this world, it could take you for a loop.


You gotta be strong minded, have good people around you, good team around you to keep going and, and and, and stay motivated. And what you got going on boxing May 2nd. You got Ryan Garcia, you got Rolly Romero fighting. That's gonna be a good fight. 'cause You know Rollie like to talk that shit but Rollie ain't got no cheating. But that's a fight that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm ready to see. I'm ready to see PED taking ass Ryan get back in the ring. He going against Rollie. Both of 'em like to talk shit. This gonna be some entertainment shit. And whoever that Turkish dude is, I love you fam. You putting everything on the motherfucking line. Giving us the fights that we want. The real people want that. We paying to see that. I love it. I love to see competition.


I love to see two men in the ring going at it. I love that shit man. I love competition when it's right, it's right. Love that shit man. I love to see people competing with one another but it's with love, it's, it's not with ill intent And because You know, sometimes us black people, You know, not even just black people guess as human beings we like to show each other up. Like I'm gonna show him up, make him look bad. Nah it ain't, it ain't even about I done make nobody look bad. You just about you doing your job. Simple as that. But I got a lawsuit out right now against ancestry.com. I went to go and and and try my DNA and them motherfuckers told me I'm 40% Nigerian, I'm 30% Mexican.


I damnit, I'm 20% black and I'm 10% in debt. I just a nigga steal a nickel. Fuck I'm 30. My shit missed and stop it. I told you that mess you man ain't my daddy. I told Y all that. I look nothing like heter. My mama lying. She can take that shit with to her goddamn grave. Heter ain't my damn daddy And she know me. Every time I talk about the hector, she wanna bring God in this God you lying. Same way. God know my anger lying same way my cousin killed three people. God dang my anger talking about I I know my baby up there in heaven smiling down.


Never preach up there preaching, trying to preach him in heaven. Nah we ain't doing that. Keep it 100 when people die, keep it 100. Man. All that day they resting. That's what when we die we rest it man. That's what, that's what the bible we resting my, my fam I love him killed three people. I won't let that lie be told in my god damn family. I won't let his son grow up. I knowing him he ain't up there no bubble. No now go on in there. Play that PS five.


I got you. And I'm gonna go here and holler your mama. So Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean somebody gotta do it. I mean ain't no sense a woman that motherfucking find going to waste all because she had a cousin by my cousin. Well my cousin no longer here. Ain't no longer here but she's, so I'm gonna do what I been doing. Making sure little her cool, You know what I'm saying, got something to eat, got nah little shoes on his feet. I can do that. It's who gonna take care of her I'll These rotten crazy animal ass niggas out here man. They'll, they'll need es they'll do something to her. I can't, I can't live with myself.


People mistreating this woman and using her for her body. I don't want nobody using that woman for her body. So what better person in The world to use her for her body than me. I'm family. Whatever you want. Bring it to me. Let me be the oversee of that. So I done got a little condo across town down in eighth Town. I'm finna move him over there and shit because I was gonna put my studio in now boy I'm gonna move over. It's a high rise shit. You know she ain't used to no shit like that. You know she from section eight so she think, You know what I'm saying, she think everything up. But You know I, You know what I'm saying But shit, I I'm probably gonna get evicted I up by six months but she good for six months but go man, y'all don't even understand man.


So it's part of the show man. What we call the hell no segment and people send me shit all the time and ask me but let me know if it's hell or not. Dub Live on the show. He knows what he saw and he's here. You hell Will I stop sleeping with my cousin baby mama just because he's dead? Hell no. I was sleeping with we, he was alive. I mean I'm gonna continue go sleep will I not. She I'm not stopping it. That can't go joie and warm too. And it fit like a glue. When you find that one that fit like a glue, she ain't gonna fucking well shit.


Between me and y'all, I took her down there to the Mexican car lot. Bought her a Jeep Cherokee. Come here real I I got them good ties on that motherfucker. She can ride every day if she won. I go I got, I'm not bullshiting y'all, but thank y'all for tuning in to a bubble do show today. Me and y'all been great. I see y'all frog night in New Orleans man at the Smoothie King Center. Grab 'em tickets man. Come see your boy. Get there early if you coming to see me, if you're coming to see me get there early, man I'm telling you I'm killing this motherfucking tour. Not only me, all my bros out there that's hitting that stage, they doing they thing too.


But I'm telling you boy, I'm doing my motherfucking thing. If you come to get tickets, go to BME and shows.com. Grab them tickets. I got merch too. So I see y'all when I see y'all. Peace blessing. Be safe out there. I'm out The Volume. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. 'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate ID Tech.


The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell spinning BattleBots people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots AI and machine learning game design and more. Visit id tech.com and use code ID tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year.


Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength and numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice. Or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Eggo Waffles plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.