
This is John Miko from Three and Out with John, Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply. Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity.


We feel Way more confident and secure in our finances. And with that comes a sense of Freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet was Really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by yourself securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome. Hey, Who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh.


Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now. The Volume. Hey everybody, man. I know y'all heard me early outside. It was loud. You can hear cars moving. I was at the campus, man, I was out there getting in with the players today, man. Just a lovely day to be here, man. So all my new followers, welcome to The Bubba Dub, Show Sports Show, comedy show, real live show.


This is what we do over here on the Volume. We, we talk about it all. We don't hold shit back. That ain't what we do. But before I even dive into the, into the sports and how the Cowboys still ain't paid Dak or CD Lamb, but still thinking about being a championship team, n hit that light button. Hit that subscribe button. Now let me show a little game that Coach Prime served the me day, man. You know, I always like to give wisdom to the people and he was just telling me how he, how proud he was to me. But he was telling me sometimes people not gonna see who you gonna become. They always gonna see who you used to be. And I used to be a lot of things, but I ain't that no more used to sell drugs, man.


I I I used to be a drug dealer. Not proud of it. I'm not, I'm, I'm not proud of my past, but I, but I overcame my past. I grew into what I grew into today. So, so what I'm saying to you is now no matter how good you do in life, sometime people gonna ne will never see you who you become. They only gonna see what you used to be or you used to do this or you used to lie, you used to steal, you used to do this and that. So always gonna be the negative, but always focus on the positive. So now I feel like in my life now I have no more bad days. I have nothing but positive days. Now why? If I woke up in the morning, it's a blessing that I'm still here.


Now I got that out the way now, now that's gone and, and, and talked to big boy talk that, that need to be talked about. And, we starting with the Dallas Cowboy. I don't know what the hell they doing up there, y'all. I dunno what you mean. You if you wanna lamb what you, if you wanna or not, you know what do to us a quarterback, he gonna his future he if he gonna here or not, shit, he ain't gonna play. Right. He under pressure every game, every practice contract. You don't wanna be hearing about no damn contract. Every game, every prac you gonna want, you wanna be focused on the team.


You wonder why this motherfucker can't catch the ball. That's what you wanna worry about is the quarterback. You wanna know what defense they in. Is it cover one, cover two, cover three? Huh? Then that's what you wanna know. Is it, is it a disguise? Do I need to check out, do I need a list and give us in the summer that as the quarterback is a lot goes into being an NFL quarterback. How I know I ain't never played the game but I've been around plenty of people who have and played it at the highest level. It's it, it takes a lot to be a storm quarterback because you gotta deal with mothering things like them strange mission open receivers, overthrowing under throw, ain't reading the field like you need to be reading this mother.


But you gotta see, you gotta see your target. I just don't understand how some of these innocent people be getting killed because you people go out here, shoot with your eyes closed, open your damn eyes open when you were born, when that doctor slapped you on your ass bow, you open your eyes and start crying. I ain't lying. I'm here to tell you. You the truth. Today Dallas Cowboys in trouble. That's my team. But they in trouble because they ain't doing the little things. Take care of your players Jerry, everybody else getting taken care of. All the other quarterbacks getting they money. Dak is better or no less than the quarterbacks to not already got they money right now. And they go from my home because he ain't, you know we can't compare him home the more Jackson, we can't compare him no more Jackson.


But from, from Josh Allen down to Justin Herbert down to Boy Sip and Jalen Hertz Burrow pool. Dak man just had a baby girl. Man. Man them build a nice home up there in Dallas, Pega. Man Jerry, you need your league, Dak is your league. Go on and take care of him. Go on and take care of CD, lamb and whoever else in the offseason next year. Whoever we gotta cut or do some reconstruction on the contract gong on and sign Michael Paron, that's your team, right? There's your three player. Remember Aman Emmett and Michael Irvin?


That was the trio that was the mother tree and you took her all them. You gotta take care of that. You gotta take care of sea lamb right now. It's not never You say you wanna ring before you die. I can't see it because the, because the crossroads is closed. Jerry, you made Joe Biden. You see he ain't running no damn mo. You don't even running the cowboy no damn more. Let somebody run that team. Bring somebody else in like me. I ain't, I ain't for all that bullshit. I'm gonna hold everybody a cow. Hell you came in late shit give me up and down.


I go give a damn about you making million. This my team, you gonna listen to me or your ass don't go play for somebody heels. She fail this big business. You gotta have players that want it. You got have players that want to get better. Each and every mother can day. I promised now tomorrow bro. So if I'm Jerry I'm going, I'm giving Dak what he want. I'm giving Siggy what he want. I'm bringing the whole team in as a whole and holding the meeting and whatever grievance and whatever y'all wanna say. Say it now forever. Hold your motherfucking peace. We gonna talk about it. We can talk about it girl, we can go to the cafeteria up there because you know big teens have cafeterias and stuff.


We'll have dressing. Not that stove type shit. You white people be cooking. I'm talking about real dressing. If my white people, you ain't never had real dressing. I'm gonna invite y'all to my house. Thank you Kit. Then you know right now food gonna be salty. It's gonna be tasty though. Yeah Don get your taste bud. Ready. I know some of y'all like to drink. What's that? What, what? What y'all like to drink? Heineken and Ollo Orchard. I'll make sure I have that beer for y'all. Damn right. And I have mom cherry pie or apple pie for y'all after dinner for dessert M Right. Black people. Dessert don't even be cake or banana. Putting some time. It be oatmeal and debit cake. Come here. Y'all know ain't bullshit. Sometimes mama ain't got the cake.


Sometimes mama ain't got money for pie. But we got debit cake, we got Stack, we got Dingdong, we got all, we got Devil cake, we got all that. All the shit Dev Zebra cakes, we got all that. So these are the things that the Cowboys need to do. Like the winning team, like the Chiefs. It's the little thing. Pat Mahome reconstructed his contract so, so he can get in better player. Yeah. Pat Mahome thing ain't even the highest paid quarterback in the NFL. No he's not. But he got three mother fucking rings. Guess what? He'll get three more with that kind of attitude. Damn riding wheel. That's why I don't understand how some of you players out here today. Today you, you done made your money. It's time to win now. Man I want ring mother get like your girl you, you been with four, five years been engaged to her fat little mother won ring, get on ring and I ain't even call nobody girl a fat.


I don't do that Body shame and shit. Everything. I don't wanna do all that because I'm a real build like a mushroom myself. But I'm just saying personally for me it's the small thing that matter. No matter how you started, it's all about how you finish. You understand what I'm saying? You saying Boat wasn't the fastest man out the block. The first 40 50 yard he'd be getting beat but them last 50 60. Your ass out left saying go he needs to go. Ain't ain't no debate in the about Usain go same with the quarterback Tom Brady. It ain't matter how he started the game. They'll be getting they beat ass beat all the way down to the fourth quarter with 45 seconds left.


But Thomas Edward Brady gonna lead him down that motherfucking field and keep the game winning field going game over And y'all could say what y'all wanna say but I know damn well Bill Belichick was funky up under them damn sweatsuits all them damn heels. You can't tell me he wasn't sweating shit. Smell like old eggs up under and tell y'all women something too that I done told y'all. Y'all keep running. Y'all assses down there getting them BLS and shit and them doctors putting y neighbor by your hearts. We can't lay our our head on y'all chest no more 'cause it smell like spoiled milk. Clean your damn name neighbor nasty. But think I'm finna go around there, put this tongue on you never nor us or I be built again before I put my tongue on So of you ho No do I'm not doing it.


I'm on fire today. Oh. Y'all watching this show right now. If you can't watch it and you can't, only thing you can do and listen, go to Apple podcast right now. Damn right. Go to Spotify right now. Type in the bubble dub show on the pie. Even though I'm black, I'm shining bright like Colin Col Heard come here. I'm not bullshitting with y'all all day. Tony. I'm in Boulder. Ain't shit to do up here. I'm scared the motherfucker number white people up here but they nice. I done had a white cup invite me over to their high. I think they swing us. Guess what? I'm going ain't turning down no good time. Come you going in the room Bob. I stand here with Susan, I talk.


There won't be no more stone top stuff. It gonna be real dressing in this motherfucker. Yeah. German chocolate cake. Hell, that's what we gonna be over here. Real chocolate pie. I'm giving the one without the crush. Can you, Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking.


The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy. For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com.


Equal employment opportunities, text BBB Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 To apply This race Slater from the Soar Losers Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2024 according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com To choose Toyota and be confident that your vehicle is gonna hold its value year after year. Check out the legendary redesigned Land Cruiser, spacious Grand Highlander or adventure Ready RAV4 Visit buy a toyota.com for more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company Inc.


Toyota, let's go places. Gotta enjoy This people we enjoy a we having fun over here man, we not playing man. Make I'm telling y'all man. Get them. Be up over here man. We going number one. We going number one. What my 49 ER fans at I get left the Bay Area man. What the fuck the 49 ER fans at? Man? Y'all ain't even in San Francisco. Y'all in San Clara all the bigger the San Clara 49 er, no damn San Francisco. San Francisco. 45 miles away from the stadium Sacramento. Where you at? Sacramento showed me much love. But Sacramento ain't nothing big.


A big ass dry ass farm if you ask me. I seen so many farm animals, I don't know what to do. I thought it was real. Gs dying. Now it's real Farms dying now. Had some of the best hot tames in my mother eye. Shout out to help. Can't wait to meet your sister. Heard she coming over. I can't wait. I'm changing my motherfucking name too. Ain't bubble dub no more. Bubble dub. Her name is. Come here. I can't wait. Telling you I had a ball out there watching these young men go at it, man. Watching these young men go at it, man, each and every day, man to get better. They after a goal. But I was talking to Coach Prime about, man, is it hard coaching these players now, these young millionaires now it's different from college when they were getting money under the table or like I used to get money on the table when I was on child support.


Like don't, don't take, don't sit, don't write me no check because they gonna cut it. Pay me under the table. But think about it, man, you coaching the player that's making five or $6 million, man, what can you tell him? He his mama and daddy them or family members. You know what I'm saying? Depending on him. What can you tell him man? He gotta go out here and do everything he gotta do. So for him to be able to still relate and, and get to three these players, like look, I know you got five or 6 million or whatever, a million whatever you got right now, but that's just temporary. You going blow through that. 'cause you young, you got these holes out here, you going to blow through that five and 6 million. You need to be worried about the long haul, the real money in the fail.


And you know, and that's what I like about, I was able to, you know, chop it up with Coach Prime about not just sports but life general man. The guy is a G man. Shout out, tell in his whole coaching style for the love. Shout out to the players for all their love they showed me today. I know y'all got a thousand questions for me. Get in the comment section right now. Let me know. Ask me anything y'all want. Ask me, Doug gonna talk about it. Don't forget about it. You could have an opportunity to come to a game with me out here in Boulder too. Yeah, I'm, I'm telling I'm making it happen. How can't we make it happen Doug? By doing what you're doing now. Come in sharing, sharing this show with each and anybody you know, or go over on my ig on Bubble Dub 94 when I'm promoting this show and sharing that as well.


That's what it's all about. Share me and you have an opportunity to come to a Colorado Buffaloes game or a Cowboy game or Saints or a Packers or a 49 or a regular, whoever a coach, shout out to the coach. You have a opportunity. Or a baseball game or a basketball or Lakers or or the Maverick or wherever it is man. Wherever I'm gonna be at, wherever I'm in, it might be the game I go to. You would have an opportunity to be flown out with me and enjoy yourself at the games with me and interact with me and engage with me in these sports activities. So keep that in mind. That's all I ask. I don't ask much of y'all. All I ask y'all is turn your notifications on so you'll know when I'm dropping.


I want you to know when I'm dropping real talk because it's trial and you need to in your life, some of you at work right now, boy, you need to be lifted up your spirit. Die that dub Get your spirit up. Your spirit up. That's what God got me here for. To entertain. See I know, I, I know what I'm here to do And and, and I'm not gonna play with it. God gave me a blessing to entertain, to make people laugh. I'm not going, I'm not going let that go by the wayside. I'm gonna do what I'm supposed to do y'all. I'm asking y'all cut the notifications y'all make sure you sure Make sure you like And. We good And we off to the neck. I don't know if y'all been paying attention what's going on in the world but the cops still out here showing they motherfucking ass and I don't like it. I could seen a cop punch a young black man in the face bow.


It would've knocked me out. But that was a big boy. He didn't do nothing to him. I'm so sick and tired of you police officers disrespecting us. I'm, I'm tired of it. It it, it's uncalled for and it don't make sense. That was uncalled for some of it. Sometimes it's our fault because we resisting. They telling us put our hand behind our back And, we don't wanna do it. Go on and oblige by the law. I know sometimes that what they doing ain't right. But it's best to oblige by it. Go on and put your hand behind your back. Go on and lay down man. Ain't no sense fussing and fighting with these people man. They will shoot you all 'em saying they will shoot you now because some, because good cops get bad reps for the bad cops.


Most people where I'm from think all cops are bad. Not all cops are bad y'all. I don't even want to hear that. All cops are not bad. But what we've been seeing lately from some of these cops, they're bad. They terrible. They don't need to be police officers man. Honestly. And that and that's for the whites and the blacks like and Hispanic. I've been seeing some bad cops all colors. That's real talk And there's no place for that in America. Shouldn't be any motherfucking way. Shouldn't be no place for that. When we call you for help to come and protect, that's what you supposed to do is help and protect us and get us to the jail if that's where we need to be. If we, if we f-ing up and take our ass to jail wherever you got, you do that. But if we ain't done nothing wrong man don't be hitting on beating on us.


Don't be shooting Right. No, we wanna go home to our families just like y'all wanna go home y'all families man. That's how, that's how we could ask for in America man. This supposed to be the home of the free home of the brave. I pledge Legh to the you know rest. You know rest. Like I was stating earlier on the team USA curl is, you know what I'm saying? He only can do so much but just start lineup and, and I know man. Come on man. Man gets signed $300 million contract. Guess won NBA championship man should have played. Not necessarily his style of ball don't fit the Olympic ball for me.


I'm just being 100 Jason tag ball the way he played doesn't fit the, he gets the ball. Dribble, dribble, dribble, dribble. No this ain't fam you gotta move the motherfucking ball. The European players can play. They can ball. They'll load up on you. So you know. I know y'all talking noise and mad about it but Curl it's all good. You know if you choose to play 'em next game, cool. If not it is what it is. I ain't mad at you. I just know that this look gonna be LeBron last time in the Olympics. Durant last time Olympic and Curry last time in Olympic. They gotta play. Can't take them out. Durant was on fire. Ur didn't even play. I don't hear y'all crying and about him.


So with that being said man, just chill out, relax and just enjoy what the team US is doing. As long as they go out and get the goal. That's all that matters. I know y'all watching the show. I know y'all seen some of my bad boy clips that I dropped. I told you Dub getting his motherfucking acting on acting got me feeling like Denzel. That's how I'm feeling. I I might not be Denzel but guess what I'm come here Damnit. I'm gonna show you how to act baby mama calling soon she see me in that clip. I'm so proud of you. No you ain't. Stay your ass over. With over with them. Dreadlocks, dreadlocks musty ain't bullshit. I seen a picture of her washing her new boyfriend, her shit the color.


But come back over now you think the grass green stay where you at. You ain't been me and I don't want you. Bye. I don't wanna see you. All them kids. I'm good. I'm good where I'm at. Damn right. Do you hear me? Huh? Trash of the day coming up. Hell Nahh all second coming up. I ain't done with y'all today. He knows what he Damn right. Somebody hit me up the other day. Hey Doug, if the police pull you over, will you resist Hell? Nahh? I done seen enough footage to happen to anybody else who?


Who don't even resist and get dad ass beat up. Shit yo. No I'm we ain't turn to law. I'm the law. Tell me do something do it win. Damn right Wave. I'm see I'm scared the law but I will call them in a minute. Nine one one. Do you have an emergency? Did I call you? Did not mother just call you. Damn this I mercy. Get your ass over you soon as you call. They already got your address. I ain't got the state where I'm at motherfucker. You know where I'm at. Pull up over here and get me now. Somebody asked me Bubble do man shoot man you out there in Boulder could you move out here? Hell no I can't do it.


Moose, all that shit. Woo. I thought I was a w it real Wolves out here and they running patch shit I can't move out here. It get cold in the winter. Mm. I'm black. I'm al I like 70 to 85 degrees. Shit I can't able to do it when it get cold. My cold is 70, 60, you know 70 to 65. Shit dying in Bo. He get down negative eight gonna be able to do. Coach Ryan be than me. Ain't no damn way I'll be on that field coaching that kind of. Well I'm a nigga damn Igloo on the field for me to coach. Damn Right. But enjoy this not bullshitting trash other day going to that damn cop with that black man in the eye.


Dread. You need to be fired fam. Both of you Hispanic and the black. Get both of a man out up because as a fellow officer and you know a officer doing something wrong, you got to pull that officer to the side. Say hey look at you. Look at you. They call me OG and they don't mean og. It's what you get. Dig Well wasn't right but you. That ain't how we gonna treat the people. We here to serve and protect but you better get the mother protected because that wasn't protected. Now you got a lawsuit coming now you bringing in all kind of heat on us. That ain't what you want.


You want the people to get along with the police officer. You don't want people killing the police officer. You don't want the police officer killing the people. So what? Let's all get along. Let's all abide by one another. Let's all follow the rules and regulations that need to be followed. And. we ain't got to worry about this then you ain't gotta worry about me coming on here and talking about this shit. I focus you gonna be on something else. Our focus gonna be on her helping the homeless or coming up. We curious for these diseases are that what we need to be focused on. But we can't do that 'cause we at war amongst each other, each and every mother didn. They we at war. Well it's black on black crime or white on white. We don't matter. I hate saying that shit 'cause Black killed white whites killed black Mexican. Kill everybody.


Mexican kill everybody. They always talking about Mexican man, they can build the motherfuckers can bury too Mexico ain't no but damn graveyard. Ain't nothing but a graveyard down in Miss. Take your ass to Walez. You want to, you gonna be Wal Res. Somebody hit me. Do want you come to Wal Re Man I want I I'm the Warrior Red man. I I wanna shoot a movie out here. I do it virtually. We can go to Hollywood and shoot it and make it look like we just in wild but we really ain't And in and la really is wild. It mess it. Go to watching this damn show that you need to know the show presented by Prize Picks only. Download the number one sports betting F app right now. Use my promo code trash with the two H's.


Yeah one of the only ask where you could spend $10 and win 1500. You damn right how you play it, it's either more or less. That's right. Like tonight you might have Angel Re to have 10 Rebound put more or less might have Aaron Judge to have Two Home Run more or less. Three. I got three, four out four, five outta five six outta six mil. Y'all better stop playing and go on and download Proud piece right now. What you what you what you waiting on? Huh? Everybody wanna win. Only way you gonna win if you don't play seeing some of y'all been playing too and complaining, stop complaining. Start doing your homework prospect. It give you the stats of the last five or six game on all these players. All you gotta do is look dang, they had 15 points this time.


18, 15, 18. It's a pattern. All you gotta do, look at it. When she had 18 that game, dang this game she gonna have around 14 or 15. So I'm gonna put more or less. It's that simple. All you gotta do is pay attention. That's all you gotta do is pay attention. Real thought. I wanna thank y'all for tuning in today's show. I really do. I wanna thank y'all for tuning into the Bubble Do Show. I know y'all ain't seen me in a couple days, but I'm out here on the road handling business for y'all. I told y'all I was gonna bring y'all this footage, but damnit the thank y'all for watching the Bubble show. I see y'all again, The Volume Does money stress you out?


Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order. And that makes us fasting for life. Now, I guess Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome. Hey, Who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh.


Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now. For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com.


Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.