
This election season, The Stakes are higher than ever. I think The Choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlemagne tha God for we The people in Audio Town Hall. Where Vice President Kamala Harris. And you live from Detroit, Michigan. Exclusively on iHeartRadio, they'll tackle The tough questions, depressing issues and The future of our nation. We may Not See eye to eye on every issue, but America, We are not going Back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Today at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on The free iHeartRadio app's, hip Hop Beat Station, The Volume.


Yeah, I feeling tonight man. Fam, y'all come on in man. I know some of y'all looking. What jersey he got on tonight. Whatever mother in Jersey I want put on that What jersey I got on whatever mother in Jersey I wanna put on. That's What I got on tonight, but come on in. Yeah, yeah, go on. Go on and go and hit The like button right now. Go Get your subscribe button right now. Matter of fact, when you Odoo subscribe, make sure you keep your notifications on 'cause you never know when I'm going drop. Like I told y'all, I be covering this game on Monday nights. Jets versus Bills. We finna Get to It Jet versus Bills tonight I must say was a good Monday Night, Football game you had.


Before I say anything, March Sanchez Rex Ryan rolling over in their grave right now. A ride The wing. I heard and it's amazing when you Get your coach fired period when, and it's amazing when you Get a coach fired ho, ho ho. Well The team play. No The Jets didn't win tonight. Yeah because they But they still play well minus not having they head coach that they just got rid of Robert Alive got fired last week. Jets come out tonight playing Buffalo, came out looking pretty good offense, moving The ball up and down The Field they run Game was working with Brie Hall. Jet looked just looked good.


But The, end of The Day, Aaron Rogers, you know The man ho got a Super Bowl ring A man ho got The mvp. A man that everybody considered one of The greatest quarterbacks to ever play The game. But as of right now, at 57 years old, Aaron Rogers flat out stinks when they mad at The. Most interception and guess What after The game when they go in there to The at The end at The press, press conference at The, end of The game. He gonna blame somebody here. He ain't gonna take The blame. Granted he got hit two or three times a night. Defense end come off Ty Smith train Smith need to retire.


That's Al. I'm saying he wasn't doing nothing up 10. They ain't finna Odoo nothing up there in New York. I'm telling y'all man. The, N FL is slipping on their scout report. Al, you got to Odoo if you in New York go out and Get one of th motherfucking rats that wasn't th Rats protect Kevin Rogers because Ty Smith ain't he on your blind side? A rod not seeing him. Hood boom on The ground, that's Ty Smith as a head coach, I know that you know you not a head coach yet, but you've been seeing what's going on. You have you seen Tyron Smith ain't The same offensive lineman that It used to be. Once again Get your running back of The Chip once again Get your tight end of The Chip.


But let's move on to The Buffalo. Bills Jos Allen 19 for 25, 215 Pass The Yard, two tds no interception. Josh Allen and Josh Allen. MI owe The right plays tonight. I ain't got nothing bad to say about him right now tonight The run game was working. The, I mean mean they getting four, five yards of carry tonight. Buffalo Bills. Shout out The Keon Cole Young receiver over there. He going be something once him and Josh Allen really just link up and just really just Get The vibe and and Get a chemistry. I'm telling you right now for years to come. Josh Allen Keon Cole, look out for that right there. Telling you right now, man, Buffalo throwing two right now. They turning things around in Buffalo right now.


I know Jim Kelly. Proud, proud I know dumb Bebe proud right now. And What Buffalo Bills are able to Odoo because they in The division with The Patriots. We'll, Get to that in a minute. What The, Houston s Sip and Serve Texas did to th but back to Buffalo right now. Odoo, y'all think Buffalo Guy What takes to overcome The. Kansas City Chiefs just by What you've seen thus far. I would have to say no, they too inconsistent. They've been up and down. I I don't even really think they got identity yet. If I The Buffalo Bills to me gonna have an identity. I think they won't be a running team, but they also won. Let Josh Allen throw It everywhere.


I like The balance that they had tonight. I think if they can keep It that way. Defense don't, you know, What, I'm saying don't break they bending but they ain't breaking. If, if that makes sense because Aaron Rogers was throwing The ball up and down The field on 'em tonight and they was running The ball like It was Evening The game 23 to 20. I damn near had something. Call th The identical stats, but Bose teams are sloppy when they come to penalties. Bose team had over 10 penalties tonight. That's not going to Get It. Now I can understand The jets having th penalties not having they head coach, but The Buffalo What is y'all mother can prove. Why can't y'all correct these things that need to be corrected in order for you to take The next step and, and being The football team that y'all think y'all should be, or that The Media think that y'all should be with Josh Allen because you played well tonight.


But as a team, very, very sloppy ball club having over 11 penalties that ain't gonna Get It good ball clubs ain't getting no more than three, four penalties a game That's It because penalties like that man can hurt your team. It can hurt The momentum. You give a first down, now you got a hole in It, now you got an outside, now you throw The Ball drop pad now now you back in The Hole. So I'm thinking right now Buffalo got to clean up on The penalties and in order for th to take The next step this year. But they four two right now. Like I said, they're in The division with The The Patriots and, and in in in The h Ventura Dolphins right now.


Let's see, ho gets playing out Jets two and four. Stink not going nowhere. Aro thought he was coming up there to New York and save The Day. You can't save nothing in New York. Fam only The rats. When nine 11 happened, they were sending th firefighters in there. God rest they soul. They was dying. Some of 'em was getting injured. It was The Rats that went in there and got th motherfucking firemans out. They didn't Get no award. They didn't Get no recognition. They didn't Get no certificates. They didn't Get nothing but birth control pills. That's The motherfucking re ho. Y'all gonna treat The Rats left. They went in there and saved lives by The.


Y'all were doing Al this running The marathon with The Diler and Al. That why y'all didn't Odoo It with The Rats. Y'all wanna throw 'em in The sewers and Al that Let th ro let th roam like buffaloes. It's The disrespect for me that The people of New York have for th rats. When y'all go home at night ho watching their pizza of dope The rats ho watching their Chinese food. The rats ho watching no little boys When they, when they, when they hit th ruck apart bottle The rats. It was The Rats. And I wanna give th rats they motherfucking flowers.


We Al. Should 2024 give your rats some flowers, man, because they The biggest. They The Badies motherfuckers that's walking New York streets right now. Oh th goons th goons ain't shit on th rats. You think I'm lying? You put The baggage that go on in New York in a dark alleyway. Let him see one of th rats. Watch him Get somewhere. He'll shoot himself before he end up messing with that rat. And y'all know It piece of ancho. Knee lovers Don Mikey Angelo, come here.


th damn Ninja Turtles What shit What out that Rat Rat was The mastermind of this. I'm talking about The Mastermind in The. Mastermind of The Jet with Aro. I'm gonna move a coach out The way didn't work What you better. Odoo is Get on The phone with The Las Vegas Reagans right now and try to Get Devonte Adams up there to help you out. That's The. Only person that could save The Jet season this year is Devonte Adam Adams. You got The Run game going. You need one more piece? I think that one more piece is an offensive in The piece and I think it's a wide receiver by The name of Devonte Adams. That's What I'm thinking right now. Devonte Adams going to The New York Jets could be a Cinderella story.


I think The Jets could probably run go on The playoffs and make a run. I'm not gonna saying they gonna be The Ravens of The Chiefs. You know What I'm saying speaking of The Ravens, man, you know they played The commanders and we'll Get to that in a minute. But as Odoo hay address What, I really need to address What The Detroit Lines did to my Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry Jones come out saying he ain't gonna make no changes. And that's The motherfucking problem right there. We got an incompetent puree eating as on. Oh yeah. That's a puree eating motherfucker. th ass Odoo strange shit. I guarantee you Jerry Jones probably eat cat food.


I'm just saying. I'm just saying y'all. I mean you never know that cat food, that beef tip shit look just like real beef tips in real life. You don't even know It. You think your girl gonna cook your beef tip? Nigga you eating cat food. I'm telling you gotta be careful What. You, you, you gonna What you eat. I'm saying now he's saying he not gonna move Mike McCourtney. Okay, cool. But you gotta make some kind of change fan. You gotta change up The defensive line. Mike Zimmer ain't It. We gonna brought Mike Zimmer back and he fools gold. Quit breaking in The old ass coordinators man. Bring in somebody with some youth motherfucker need and and protein shakes and everything else.


Man. Come on Jerry. th th you shook. You messed up When you got rid of Jimmy Johnson years ago. Jimmy Johnson showed us that you would never have a head coach in there that was like him that would wanna run things on his own. You always have to have your hand in something Jerry. Sometimes you gotta put your hand in ho you nigga have somebody. Snap It Get your hand outta there. Get your hand outta little Jerry. Now I don't think I've been having to hear ho trash The Cowboys is and we are. Well y'all are. 'cause I ain't with y'all. No I'm not with y'all no more. I'm with The Lion. I'm with The Steelers, I'm with The Texans shit, I'm with ho winning.


I'm just saying What happened yesterday. Y'all was It hurt. It hurt my pride. Y'all as a, as a fan. It hurt my pride The way. The Detroit Lines came in and and dig us yesterday. Y'all like, I feel like The fans of Dallas should left The fourth quarter. Nobody should been left in th stands. But Detroit Lion fans, you gotta hit Jerry Jones in his pockets. Stop buying tickets to th game. Stop supporting. th that's I'm tired of Dak coming up to that mother fucking podium at The. End of The game. I got to play better ho many motherfucking times.


You got to say that Dak. When I was a kid, my mama only told me one time to stop doing something. She wasn't gonna tell me no more. The. Next time Bow. Yeah, I been telling you. Stop that What Dak doing. We tired of till Dak. We tired of till Dak. Hey fam, look at The Field fam. Look at The Field. You Get hooked and Get thrown throwing straight to air. Somebody. Oh he was a great defensive player. Come on man. Come on fam. Come on Dak. Done seen that coverage a million times, man. Million times. You got a guy running The corner riding.


You got a guy over there in The same direction. You, you, you It ain't you only can go they far The end zone right there ain't like they was on The 20 yard line knee 80 yards to go. Come on man. It's coaching and it's The quarterback play. Y'all keep talking about The defense. Defense hurt man, we know The defense ain't gonna Odoo nothing right now we know Loren and Parson and playing out. We know that. But What, they got to say about The offense though. You know, if your defense can't stop nobody, we got to be on point. Y'all know this going into The game. That's why I'm saying Mikey is not The coach no more. Man, I don't give a damn about him having no ring, man. I don't, I don't see The logic in having his pop belly mic Alo drinking ass on The team as The head coach.


I don't see It, but What It is is he's a yes man to Jerry Jones. He going let Jerry Jones come in The locker room, talk to The boy, look at The Meats and and and Get back on his helicopter and, and and feel good about hisself. That's Al they doing letting Jerry Jones go in there and Get free look free looks at meats. That's Al. Yeah, he had, yeah, he had 13 yard wrestling today. That's What Jerry doing meat, watching th glasses ain't nothing Cameras, y'all know th Ray burn glasses. They got out these days. They got cameras in th Jerry Jones got camera and glasses going there looking at straight meats. Go back to The High. Looking at The Meats. That's what's going on.


That's What going on on th private flights. th jets going on. You think he on there looking at stats now man, looking at penises and I don't like It. We deserve better man. So some of y'all be upset man. You ain't a true fan man. I'm a fan of my feelings because What y'all eat. Don't make Odoo shit because I'm gonna Odoo What make Odoo feel good and putting on this Steeler jersey today. Make me feel great. I feel like toning The tiger. I might go buy me some Frosted flakes because I'm great ho I'm feeling tonight.


That's ho I'm feeling. Houston Texans went up to The New England put on a motherfucking show. CJ Strout is him. Oh it's feeling good down here in The City in H time right now baby. I'm telling it's a great feeling down here in na time. You can pull your SW out. You might run into a pothole but you going to be Al, right? Ain one thing about The City H, you ain't got Narrow Bird about finding you no woman Al. You got to Odoo is gas up and ride down The s net. You gonna find What. You want, you gonna find What you want on S net And right now The Texas are showing me they The second best team in The. A C behind The Kansas City Chiefs. I can honestly say that The Houston, Texas is The best team in Texas right now.


Shout out to Miko around What. He got going on with that team right now. Even though Nick Holland's out. Think Dale came back, stepped up Stefan Diggs because he liked to dig. Allegedly stepped up, ran through New England, Drake made playing for New England. Threet two picks. They might have a little something. Now let's see ho New England able to build with Ard Mayo See Able Billy Squad What, he's trying to Odoo up there New England right now, but The topic is The Texans and, and and and What they're doing in this short amount of time with CJ Style. Man I love It. They got him listening to Fat Pat before The game got listening. Little Kiki, they giving th tri tri burgers with Bum B right now.


They gotta listen Sauce Walker, you know it's a great time to be a Houston Texas fan right now I'm tipping my hag off to y'all. I'm giving y'all flowers because right now as a Cowboy fan, It don't feel good. But as a T fan, 'cause I am a T fan as well, I'm liking What. I'm seeing right now and let's just see 'cause they went took The playoff last year and won a game. Let's see if The Houston serve Tip sip Intan can take The next step this year in The playoffs because you got The team right now. Ain't no doubt about It. You got The team. Ain't no excuses. It just gonna come down to coaching and quarterback play and right now that favors Kansas City that favors Andy Reid that favors The Zebra and and and Patty Mahomes.


But playoffs injuries Houston to Get on roll, that young man stopped behind that center. Think Dale Hols back. Diggs got they running back, back mixing. Look out for th Texans. That's Al. I'm saying look out for The Texans Bengals, you know, big up on The Giant 17 seven Joe Burrow, you know What I'm saying looking like Burrow Jamar Chase doing What. Chase Odoo I wanna talk about because I think The Bengals two and four The Bengals is underachieving right now with with Burrow and Jamar Chase.


I don't know if it's an organization thing going on right now, but The Cincinnati Bengals should be better than What. They are Oak Joe rolling over his mother motherfucking grave right now. I'm saying The Bingo should be better than What. They are The record don't show because they've been averaging almost 30 points a game or over if I'm not mistaken. But The defense is letting th down and sometime, you know, organizations put so much effort into The quarterback and running back they damn so ain't gonna chase no money yet. So I don't even know What What, What What The Bingle spending they money on beside Burrow. And I know it's not a big organization but you gotta take care of your key players right now but to be two and four. If I'm a Cincinnati Bengals fan, I'm disappointed.


Honestly I'm disappointed in that team. 'cause y'all should be up The, upper ext. Y'all should be right there with The Ravens Chiefs Texans and It should be The Bengals. So, but you know they underachieving right now. The Steelers, not Steelers ran through Reagan yesterday. Justin Fields 14 for 25 didn't really have a great passing game but had like eight rushes for 59, 11 Rush for 59 Yard. But The Run game was, is, is is What helped The Steelers win that gonna have two on The Yard rushing. That was The difference in The game. We know Res ain't got nobody over there. Devonte, Adam not even playing, he ain't even coming to The games. I don't even know ho The quarterback over there right now with The res up there.


Los they might be Floyd Floyd might be quarterback in The Reagan right now, but they damn sure ain't got no quarterback down there right now. But The, Reagans got, they got enough problems on their hand they, they probably looking for The draft like I was saying maybe Shado and you for for The Longhorns. So let's just see ho this play out with The Steelers right now though. Like I say, Russell Wilson ain't touching The Field like Rush, but Russ ain't touching The motherfucking field. Not gonna, unless hurt Fields Get hurt. He ain't getting back on The Field no more this year,


This election season The stakes are higher than ever. I Think The Choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlamagne to God for we The people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris and you live from Detroit, Michigan exclusively on iHeartRadio they'll tackle The tough questions, depressing issues in The future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue but America we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Today at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on The free iHeartRadio apps, hip hop Beat Station


And that's just The way. I see It The coach went down another Tennessee ate hot chicken. Yeah The Indianapolis coach and Joe f Flaco went down there and ate Hot Chicken nine there in Nashville right now. Will Levis trash. Oh yeah Joe f Flaco. Yeah let th to victory Aunt Richardson be back next week. I can't wait. Gotta stop getting hurt fam. You got to be on The Field, you got to be on The Field and we need you on The Field to take this coach team to another level. I like Flaco a good backup but it's you got to Get in The lineup and you gotta stay healthy fam. You gotta stop taking th licks. You got to start getting down.


Gotta start protecting yourself. You store quarterback bro. Franchise quarterback. Take care of yourself. We need you on The Field doing What. You Odoo. We should be talking about Anthony Richardson on Sundays so he supposed to be back next week. Hopefully Get back and Get healthy and Odoo his thing. Tony Poll did his thing yesterday. I just can't sit up here and say on him will live. It's not him now. Kevin Ridley mad. You know What, I'm saying eight targets. You see Ro catching that's on you Odoo. You The one chose to go to Nashville, you could have went to another team and that would had a battle quarterback and probably got The Ball. But you want that $23 million a year. I don't blame you but I don't wanna hear no complaints about your quarterback.


You knew What you had before you went over there. You knew he was Odoo food, you knew he was Odoo food and you know that Now you wanna complain. Don't Odoo your quarterback like that to The Media. Odoo you already don't thin eyes from gambling nigga you got a gambling problem fam. You remember you were betting on games huh? We ain't forgot about that nigga. We ain't forgot. Be thankful. You better be thankful you got that big contract. You could've stayed down there side Trevor Lawrence and got The Ball. You still be losing but I Get you, you want The Ball.


You felt like you can Odoo something with It when you Get. I Get It. But ain't nobody told you signed that contract Calvin. Ain't nobody told you signed that motherfucking contract but you, you went in there and signed It 'cause you wanted The money because you missed out on What, you missed out on due to your mistake. We Al make mistakes, we gonna Get over that but you ain't got that much room. You know What, I'm saying The wiggle end. You already got that on your record nigga Will Gamble gotta watch, you know What I'm saying gotta watch you, you're gonna Odoo your quarterbacks like that man. It's The team game. It's s time and place for that man. You go pull Will Levis to The side The next day or take him out to eat and y'all sit down like me and say bro I'm The Star receiver this team, I need The motherfucking ball. I don't care ho you Get It to me.


I need The ball. When I don't Get The ball it's gonna be problems. That's Al. You gotta Odoo that. You ain't gotta go to The Media and and and Odoo It like that because they already that you know What. I'm saying they they already against you because of What you done done. So you, you, you, you got to be smart brother. You know What I'm saying you got to be smart in this game. I don't wanna see you out The league knowing you Get talented and and good but talking like that and we Al know they don't like brothers that talk they'll Get rid of you. Look at ab you know What I'm saying stuff like that man. Dez Bryan as well when you, you know What I'm saying going off on th cowboy and he gets his passion It ain't that he doing nothing wrong.


It was just his passion that that they'll Get you out The league bro we don't want that. We want you to be The best football player you could be man I won't see nobody out The league but they'll black ball you nigga fail. Trust me they will look at Cap you know What I'm saying kneeling, you know What I'm saying and after The league man we don't need that. We need you on The Field Kevin. Really? I think you could have handled It that a better way. I think next time you will Odoo that. But back to The coach 2017 they grinding right now. So you know N NFL is looking real interesting right now for me. Like I say when you got a backup like Flaco would come in and keep The team afloat. When you Get your best player back, which is Anthony Richardson, let's see What, they Odoo moving forward.


I can't wait to see that. I can't wait to see that right now though. I still go.


But if you watching this show then you gotta know this show is being presented by Pics going download The number one sports fantasy app. You know What I'm saying right now use my promo code trash, it's either more or less over there and I to 'em up again The night. That's why I'm feeling good when you hit on that pic you feeling good? That's ho I'm feeling. Yeah I told you put th pics in man. Yeah if you a first time user Al you gotta Odoo is put $5 in, they gonna give you 50 and that's more or less. That's ho more or less like The night they had a ride slated to have 238 passes. Your Al you had to Odoo was put more less Guess What. I put more. I'm in The Monkey if you wanna be in there monkey you better take Odoo pics because I be telling y'all The game man go Get my Instagram stories man on Bubba Odoo 94, I be having my pics and now Man or DM Me man Odoo man What you got and I'll let you know. No we Al family. Y'all watching me and I'm gonna help y'all out man that's What we doing Ryan you ain't nobody selfish. I want everybody to win and if you wanna win you better play prize pics. Use my promo code Real talk


also if you can't watch my show sometime man you can just listen to It also just go to Apple podcast. Yeah type in The Bubbled Odoo show or go to Spotify, type in The Bubbled Odoo show and boom there I'm there. I'm right there. But What y'all got going tonight man. Y'all talk to me right now. more definitely should be Morgan then. Thousand lights right now The come. But that's Al good though. We building It. Man if you just not tapping into The show go and hit The like button don't hit The subscribe button And when you Odoo make sure you turn your notifications on. 'cause you know when we drop It, man you know we talk about Y and everything over here and It won't stop. We gonna talk about It again tonight. New York Yankees th beat up on The Cleveland Guardians.


I know a C F game 1 5 2. Lemme tell y'all something about baseball man. When they Get down to The playoff, you know The base best player I would say on The Yankees, Aaron Ju But when but when they come down to The postseason th motherfuckers don't be doing nothing but striking. Now Al, you Aaron, Aaron Ju been hitting home Run must see playoffs, he gone Miss It. No, I need you to be The same player in The reckless season. I need you to be there in The punk season. Jerry Seinfeld rolling over in this motherfucking grave right now. time bro. Once again th New York rats, they travel, they travel everywhere too.


And don't y'all forget It. Y'all forget What. I'm saying I I'm watching The game man. I'm watching Aaron Judge just struggle man. I'm like this ain't The player. I've been seeing Al regular season. It come down, The postseason first game. You out here striking out me looking like a pedestrian knocked up, yeah, got with Aaron. Aaron Judge today look like a pedestrian and I don't like It, but overall though, man let me, let me let, lemme switch gears. Let me Get right back to The Commanders in The Ravens game man it's a luxury.


If I'm a Ravens fan, it's a luxury to have have Derrick Henry right now to to, you know, you ain't gotta rely on Lamar no more to make Al The big plays no more. Man. He can just sit back there and just hand The ball off to that big dump truck and go on about your business. That's What end up happening to The com Commanders yesterday just they can't stop The run. You know What, I keep, I keep talking about Derrick Henry man because The cowboy sugar haggard man and our incumbent owner just kept saying we couldn't afford th and when you make dumb comments like that, man It come back to hunt you. And that's why we getting beat 47 to nine. Man we couldn't even score a touchdown man.


Three field goals man. Yeah, yeah. Even The people that worked in The concession stand, I heard they shut down The concession stand second quarter wasn't no food. Third, fourth quarter The people in The Concess stand quit. Right? But Raven look good though man with Lamar. And but, but for me, when It come down to Lamar, Jackson It. It is What. He gonna Odoo in The. Postseason, we know What, you can Odoo in The regular season. We know you can be The MVP but can you make The right throws when The game is on The line because It will be like It will last year, can you make The right? Throws Lamar Jackson When The game is on The line, It remains to be seen.


I'm hoping you can, I want to see Lamar Jackson give a ring. I really Odoo but I want see It because he ain't done It yet. I want to see It consistently in this postseason him in that pocket making The throws he need to make because I think they gonna try to take away that run and it's gonna be hard to take away him and Henry, but teams are going to figure out a way to stop that run and he going have to sit in that pocket. He gonna have to sit right there in that pocket man and and deliver The ball. Can he Odoo? It remains to be seen in The. Postseason. We know What, you can Odoo in The regular season. But What can you Odoo in The Postseason, that's The same way thing I feel about Paul George.


Now I told y'all Paul George, we're going to go up there to Philadelphia and Get hurt. Now What doesn't happen. He done hyper extended his knee. I mean they got The most talent in The world. Joel L and B, you got Joel L and B over there. You got Paul George over there, you got Tyrese Maxi over there, they load him, they fucking know It but they ain't gonna go far because MB wearing Skees niggas, niggas don't buy Al in no motherfucking Skees. th culinary cookie shoes nigga you better put some Jordans on your feet or some Nikes or some Aidas or something sketches nigga out there in culinary shoe scoring 40 and 50 points.


Imagine What will Odoo in some in some Jordans The number eight if you ask me. I don't understand why that man did signed a George. Jordan got Al that money man you should wouldn't th signed M B or somebody man tripping Nigga got The Ball in The skill. He giving you 45 points in schedules. Shit I wanna see him in some Nikes then. If I'm Nike, I don't, I Odoo not lose a player like Joy M B. I find a way to Get a deal done with this dude man this The only dude I seen last year run through Yoki and we know Yoki a bad man.


I seen MB run through him last year in schedules. That's why damn me bad. th damn s man that size wearing S. Come on Don just like me dating Lisa Leslie It ain't gonna work. They ain't gonna work. They stop It. Somebody say Boston self wing It out It might It won't last you. We don't even really know ho The best player on The. Bose CELs is is It Brown is It. We don't y'all say What, y'all say but Jay Brown is a Odoo.


I think he got a little bit more ho than tag th I think tag th might have a little bit more offensively in The bag but we don't even know ho The best player on that team. And that's what's scary. That's what's scary about Boston. They'll be right back there in The end. But let's see, What, The, Milwaukee Bucks Odoo Ken, Damian, Liz look finally Get a Marine him and y'all keep th thing ass whatever his name ass on The bench. Look, I don't like The bucks because of Dark Rivers and they got Dogo over there. Odoo and Ham The same motherfucker that helped us Lu last year. I ain't gonna blame It. Al on Ham, I'm gonna blame It on LeBron.


I'm gonna blame It on ay Even though ay played majority of The game last year, shout got The Anthony Davis from that but wrong with The problem with The Lakers at Dlo man his his his his makeup his his D N a he he he don't know ho to you know What I'm saying go in because he can ball when he want to but you gotta always want to ball man you gotta want to take that next level, that next step man. Yeah whoever come here I'm for to give him 25 tonight. Dlo capable of that but he not. That's why you gotta play The Player of strength. Dlo like to talk Dlo like to snitch. So I'm setting up fake relationships in green rooms just to see Dlo talk and when we call him I on It, he gonna Get mad then he gonna come out The next game and Ball.


You got to play till your player strengths. That's Al. I'm saying that's Al. I'm saying y'all want bro James to start scoring. Tell LeBron to start letting him smoke again bro. Ain't been getting high. That's why he can't score. When that nigga was smoking in high school, that nigga was balding ducking from The Freak throw line going through his lead The minute bro. th and his temp Get Rich hey we gotta stop smoking Get driving focus and lock in bro and work on our bodies and shit and Al that you know look What happened nothing nigga balling like he ain't got no calories in his body. Nigga playing like he ain't got no white blood cells in his body.


Start back smoking, put him on that. This ain't trash. Some jokes is up to be fat. My strand, I Get James right, I serve number seven, I'm on The, I charge two 50. He got It, he got It. Nigga you wanna Get High and fly come holler at me. I got nothing but sell shit I have Bruny back on his feet floating bro wouldn't even recognize he think it's Bryce. Bryce on The Brown in The stand with The founder.


Damn bro don't know which what's Junior. Which which is ho is ho. I ain't bullshitting. Brody Baldock ain't got no calories in his body man let him start back smoking weed and we'll see a different Brony. That's Al. I'm saying look at kd you know when KD done smoke they when he ain't smoked shit Weed Ello play us out man gonna, players go through so much shit they got so much money man they gonna be knowing What to Odoo with they sell. That's why most of these nigga Al that money become weirdos. You know What I'm saying start painting nails and toes and Al whatever they wanna Odoo with they business but they become weirdos and shit. Man niggas start jumping out helicopters I, I mean not helicopters but you know your airplanes and parachutes and Al that you got too more money nigga boy man that white shit man we you know What, I'm saying us, us, us Black.


We ain't jumping out no motherfucker Airplane man. Parachutes and Al. That shit ho does that ho gonna wake up man I'm gonna jump out a plane boy stop It, What perk you done took man you know What I'm talking about man. Yeah yeah you on a hat, you on a bar or something. Ain't nobody jumping out no mama boy. Airplane boy stop Nigga already wanna ride on Spirit and you think I'm finna jump out of a crop dust of as plane and because I want, I want, I wanna feel that. No I don't. I want feel What I'm feeling now Good. Something I can control. You can't control that shit when you in The Air shit. Where y'all need to stop It. You know What I'm saying if you time nigga don't even wanna jump off The bed and Al of a sudden now nigga want come on man.


That's white people shit man shout out to my white people. They Odoo crazy shit. We Al Odoo crazy shit but we Get Odoo shit differently. You know What I'm saying we'll go out there and we'll go out there on The swamps where we gonna stay in The Water. The white boys going jump in The water with they GoPros and shit and and Get egged up and know nothing survive but The damn GoPro and we got The video. You know What I'm saying a nigga not going out there no swamp. We ain't jumping out The boat you know What I'm saying we really gonna' wanna go out there but we getting paid shit. They pay The niggas to go out. We really don't wanna go but we Get in that bag, you know What I'm saying and The way Brokes we be we'll fight every gigle in that bro. Nigga tell you broke nigga say they give you 50,000 go ride out here in The Swamp.


That's Al you gotta Odoo shit. Nigga gonna Odoo, It, Odoo It but 50,000 you see What did for 800 to Odoo And let told over th Carius What boy sitting in that Memphis courtroom


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I think The choice is clear in this election. Join Me Charlamagne to God for we The people in Audio Town hall with Vice President Kamala Harris and you live from Detroit, Michigan exclusively on iHeartRadio they'll tackle The tough questions, depressing issues in The future of our nation. We may Not see eye to eye on every issue But America we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Today At 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on The free iHeartRadio apps hip hop beat station.


Y'all seen The tape? I already done talked about It. Y'all, y'all seen What happened? Canel has told th everything. Al The way down to The hour to The to The minute What socks he had on What. He had six stains in his drawer. Even straight drop draw for two or three days. He told th that man shit but for money a nigga Odoo anything. I'm telling you I watched It, some of y'all know lying, they'll Odoo anything. Why people, you ain't gotta pay th motherfuckers to go out there and and catch th Burmese python man. It be a swarm of th motherfucker white people man trucks and Al kinds of shit.


I hear hunting Burmese Python going through The. Jungles going calling home. Hey babe I'm gonna be out here another two weeks. Okay David Love you. You can't Odoo that to no black woman baby I'm gonna be out here two weeks motherfucker. You out here cheating on me bitch I'm fighting walls and hornets and Al. You talking about is hoes. That's The difference between black women and white women. White man can leave two or three weeks to a month. White woman still gonna be right there taking care of that big head ass baby to keep s not that sister she calling your mama, your sister. Your whole whoever went there and he's somewhere I know that he need to come Get his key. I ain't got time.


I got stuff I need to Odoo. That's The difference between us blacks and us white people man we Al The same. We just Odoo shit different. Like I always tell you Al The way down to The food. They got stove top stuffing during Thanksgiving. We got chicken and dressing. You know What? I'm saying some black people got chicken in their dressing. Some got Turkey, some got ham, some got a roast. th it's Al. The same but we got The. Same shit just different. That's Al white people. They shit different. You know What I'm saying they they they like white black people. We got sweet potato pie, you know What I'm saying sweet potato pie.


Guess What white people got pumpkin pie, pumpkin spy, I mean spice pumpkin pie. That's What White people be having man real tough. They be having cornbread too. It ain't Jiffy White people be having cornbread but It ain't Jiffy nigga I'm a Jiffy baby. I was dating The chick one time. She made me some cornbread. I found out It wasn't Jiffy. I turned The whole goddamn play on Ain't Jiffy. I don't want It Black people make cornbread. They don't put no sugar in that motherfucker like us. That's The first motherfucking thing we grabbing and sh Yeah we like sweet cornbread.


I don't know about y'all. I don't know if I'm from The South. I don't know if y'all know about The pork chops with The Red beans? Yeah Macaroni and cheese. Yeah with The Cornbread. Yeah with The. Yam be can't cook that. They wanna cook that pasta. Mm Get me a motherfucker nothing named Gladys bag is gonna put turnip greens with The bacon pack. See if you don't know nothing about that bacon fagg, if you ain't from The South dub will put you up on game. Yeah Get The Green with The lemon juice to put on top. Come. I know Al about eating good. I know I don't buy eating good.


I can put you up on game Al on that. Some of y'all watching this show ain't been to The doctor in 10 years. Take your sick ass to a motherfucking doctor and Get checked out nigga. Not under your arm. Not under your ball. Go Get checked out man. Shit is serious out here man. Nigga can't even see but won't go to The doctor man what's wrong man? What's The symptom? Shit you looking at him nigga he can't see feet swollen up. It's my sinus. What's so that's got to Odoo with your motherfucking feet nigga you're sick. Get your ass to somebody doctor before it's too late Be waiting too late to Odoo shit.


Man take your ass to The doctor man. Blue Cross Blue Shield copay 30, $20 come here. Shit, I don't know ho y'all feeling tonight but I'm feeling good. Prospect got me feeling some kind of way right now man. I I told y'all man The met Speak up on The Dodger seven three tonight it's tied up. One more. Yeah man come on show Surey your turn for Dodgers. I need your fam. I feel like that's The best baseball player in The world right now. Surey your turn. I could be wrong but that's just The way I'm feeling that Japanese player of God so he special me special more gifted man boy gifted but they been playing.


No, no. th young men in Japan been playing baseball like that since they five, 6-year-old man they been pitching. I ain't lying. It's a picture right now in Ja in Japan right now. Seven years old throwing 60 miles an hour. I ain't never seen nothing like that in my life man. I ain't bullshit. I ain't never seen nothing like damn in my life The way he players over in Japan be playing. They be ready at six now. Black player. I credit fucked up at six. I I got your credit score at six and you're black and most of The time from The Hood. It's terrible nigga I was eight years old I couldn't even Get nothing from s you know anybody can Get something from S Furniture. Nah Odoo credit but when I Get 18 my mama won't put me out.


See that's that that that ain't The business though. You see What. I'm saying that's just What we go through. Not everybody go through It just What. I went through if you Get my drift and and and What I'm saying tonight man shit. Yeah man y'all talk to me though. Monday night I know y'all gotta work tomorrow. You know What. I'm saying I ain't gonna hold y'all too long. I know y'all gotta work tomorrow. I know y'all just want to tap in. What your boy Odoo What you got going on man. This is What I got going on man. Giving y'all The news that y'all need 'cause E S esp N gonna bullshit you ain going that shit is is dull. You know What, I'm saying they ain't keeping It 100.


I'm gonna keep It 100 on this motherfucking show. I'm gonna let y'all know The Real and let y'all know what's really going on and what's really going on right now. Kirk cousin got The line of Falcons looking good. I talked to Al that sugar about him, him being a hundred million dollar man they overpaid him. They don't look that way to me. Her cousin handling her cousin business. Yeah, Raheem Morris. Hey what's up Big Odoo. Hey keep that going up there in Atlanta right now. Atlanta need that. Atlanta need to Get behind The Falcon The whole city Big Thug coming home real soon and and yo I gonna need that Al niggas quit going nigga th strip clubs shooting up th strip clubs. th women ain't got no place to work.


You know What, I'm saying they can't take care of The kids. They broke, they mad at The kids when they come home when they ain't got no money they being mean. They hold can't hold like they wanna ho. Man start treating th th stripper with respect man. Real talk. Y'all tipping two or $3 trash nigga you gonna women a hundred dollars, you got It. Ain't anybody worried about Dak? Man ain't nobody worried about Dak Prescott bro. Dak Prescott. He is What. He is. He's a Finess. He's a a skillful robber What that he's a skillful robber. It is What. He is he know ho to go in there and Get that money. I don't know What Jerry Jones th were thinking man I they hadn't, they couldn't have been thinking that this man is going to take us to The promised Land.


He ain't done It now and he ain't going to never Odoo It. I done come to grips with It man. Dak Prescott is a black Kirk Cousins and Kirk Cousins is be, I admit It Kirk Cousins is better than Dak Prescott crazy as that sounds and It probably ain't even crazy man Might be The realest thing I ever gonna say on this show might be The truest thing I ever said on this show right now I'm taking Kirk Cousins over Dakota Prescott, I gotta Odoo It, I'm going by The play and What I'm seeing and I'm not seeing It from Dakota right now.


I'm tired saying, hearing him say I got to play better. It's up to me because you think you told us that last Sunday and The Sunday before that nigga. Now you telling me The same thing now you playing with me now and I ain't The one to play with. I ain't The one to play with that. You not feeling keep playing with me like that bro. Hagg us fool first quarter come out there throwing The ball up and down The field. Okay. Might be on something today. That changed real quick. That changed real quick because about 32nd later in interception and It went downhill ever since then. Prayers to Hutchinson football plug The broke his leg. Prayers to you for a speed recovery seeing something like that on tv man it's horrific.


Oh man. Yeah shout out to him man. On speed Recovery probably take about eight to 10 months to fully Get back but he will Get back. I know Detroit Lines fans felt like they was had a chance to go to The Super Bowl this year. Y'all probably still can. Man it's The N C. It's wide open right now. Really? Ain't no jug juggernaut in The. N F C. If you ask me right now, it's really not a Jugg or not Team Mo girl that's just blowing people away per S. Like right now. ho have you seen in The N C besides The Commanders? Okay you got 49 ERs, they banged up. They ain't The same team rounds.


No I don't, I don't, I don't see It. I don't see It. So It, Tamika N, C is wide open this year. Nigga Lions, Odoo, Vikings. I forgot about th that was on The. Bye week. Sam Don Odoo y'all can y'all really put y'all trust in Sam Don, I mean truly Can y'all Odoo, y'all feel like y'all can really put y'all trust in Sam Don. Now I know What Jefferson gonna bring and I know What that defense is doing right now up there Minnesota, but can you really say man I'm riding with Sam Dawn. Hell no I can't, I I'm still not a believer yet man. I, I got to see him in The postseason.


I got to see Sam Dawn in The postseason man. I'm not a believer and if they Odoo go off and Odoo something miraculous and win, so be It. But for me, I still haven't, I I don't know man. I I agree. I I trust Jerry Goff over Sam Donald Any day of The week now to bring y'all back on? What's been going on? Y'all know I've been beefing with my pastor. Well we had a a, a a a conversation today and It went left again and What I'm not going to Odoo is keep going back and forth with a grown man blocked. You owe me five bands man. And is What. It is Odoo.


I need my paper Odoo. You came to me in silence crying to me in public. I helped you from, from my heart knowing I was gonna Get a return. I ain't gonna lie. That's The only reason I gave you The money. 'cause you told me The return I was gonna Get. I ain't got my return. You know What, I'm saying I been seeing you wearing new suits, got new cars and Al that I know 5,000 ain't gonna Get you that dually. But you know What, I'm saying but It was The down paper. You used my money for something and It have helped you accumulate some things. I don't know ho you gonna accumulate. th don't really give a damn. I just want my money dog. That's Al. You know, you know before you became The pastor, you know What. I'm saying me and you used to trap by five years ago. You know What. I'm saying I don't never talk about that world gonna know nothing.


Me and you used to trap, you know What. I'm saying you know like I like, you know, I really know you Odoo. You know What. I'm saying you, you know What I'm saying and Ralo vote. You smell me. I really know you. We used to trap like that Odoo, we used to move at work bro. We used to go in half on this thing, you know What, I'm saying that's What. We used to Odoo. Now you a preacher now I respect It. I'm gonna let you Odoo your thing. Hey, I need my money, money though. That's Al. I'm saying I need my money. You know What I'm saying and Al What. I'm saying yeah, we used to sell dope, you know What, I'm saying you still, you know What, I'm saying doing something with, with with The members in The congregation. I can't lie. I can lie to everybody, but I can't lie to myself. ho you know what's going on man? You need to change your ways. Odoo. You don't got besides yourself man. You really have bro. Like I just need my five, 5,000 back and you know, What, I'm saying we can go Sandra pray like we, like we talked about and after revival and, and have a ball.


Yeah, but we still can Get along and Al that. I just want my five grand back dog. And, and we good. Shit. You know What, I'm saying hope you watching this show because I know you watching Pastor. Hey man, you know What. I'm saying we family dog. We, we come from The Mud. Odoo, you know What. I'm saying you, you, you, you, you better than that man. ho you treat me bro. I ain't The one dog. Like look out for your boy, man. I know. I rolled past church this Sunday, man. I seen like, you know What, I'm saying hella cars out. I know you brought in about about 30, about 30, 30 this week by 30 band. You know What. I'm saying go on shoot, you go shoot your found back at fire right quick and shit because I'm trying to run down nigga Shreveport. And you know What, I'm saying trying to Get on th on th on The blackjack table.


Man I'm feeling lucky. Feeling Lucky Chief's gonna win. I don't know Al about that but we'll see. They got some injuries going on over. They ain't The. Same chiefs team. They been scratching teams. I've been barely winning people. The rep's been helping The chiefs. So we going to see What The Chief's going to Odoo come postseason. But I know What The, Cowboys not going to Odoo is win. We not winning shit. It's gonna be a long week for me. Boy. I'm tell you boy, my phone been blowing up. People been calling me man. I'm so sorry. If you gonna feel sorry for me 'cause I can move on to another team now You see we gonna rock Steelers.


Yeah, with my brothers. We unity right now. We in Unity. Man. Hit that light button if you watching, still watching The show, which big night? Hit that light button. Packer's doing their thing. I talked about The Packers yesterday. What they did to The Cardinals. Bro, I'm giving y'all y'all Odoo. I see What Jordan Love is doing over there. Man, I really Odoo re over there. Dogs over there like y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all got something over up there in Green Bay. But once again, when you Get into The postseason, man, it's Al about What. You gonna Odoo in The postseason. We know Joy, love can throw The ball. We know he can run, we know he can throw The ball. We know Al this, but What, can you Odoo when It matters?


You know What? I'm saying that What. Can you, that's like The New York. Knick New York. Knicks got cat, they got everybody up. th but What, you gonna Odoo when It really matters until The New York Knicks start letting th rash beat they head security everything they Odoo going to fail. Got got The best security in The world and you won't even hire. And you think The Universe gonna bless The Nicks with a championship. Never. John starts rolling over in his grade right now. Latrell Sprewell rolling over in his grade right now. Alan Houston, Patrick, Ew, Anthony Mason, Tim Thomas rolling over they mother fucking grave right now.


Real talk. I'm telling you. What God I love if you're watching this show, you know a dub like to Odoo th trash Sugar Days. My trash sugar day going to no other than Aaron Roger. Praise you, stink. Discount double. Not, not. Thank y'all for watching this show, man. See y'all again. Thursday Night Peace. I'm out. The Volume


This election season, The Stakes are higher than ever. I Think The Choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlamagne tha God for we The people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris and you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle The tough questions Depressing issues in The future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Today At 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on The free iHeartRadio apps, hip Hop beat Station.