
My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole.


Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com. John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed.


Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California Governor Gavin Newsom. Is there any chance of increased tax breaks for the movie business? We're gonna double it. You are. I proposed that a few months ago and that was right before the fires would. The fires only reinforce, right, the imperative. And also working with all our friends, You know the the who's who of Hollywood saying it's time to double down on bringing production back to California, particularly this time of recovery and renewal. I said to my legislative friends, I'm said, there's no budget.


I'll veto the budget. If we don't get it done, it's gonna get done. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to the bubble Bubba Dub Show. I know it's been a couple of days since y'all seen me. Trust me, I've been on the road doing these shows, but god darn it, I'm glad I'm here tonight. I'm back y'all. So do me a favor. You know how we do it Before I even kick off anything before the show, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on.


Oh we on the Bubble dub show man. Hopefully everybody doing great today. Today is Monday. I just got back to the crib Big on the road Friday. I was in Detroit. Moga City showed me so much love. So I got to the D Saturday Day, I was in the Land Cleveland, oh man number love down there. Last night I was in Fairfax, Virginia. Man number love on this week of Warrens tour. Think truly a blessing to, to go from watching Mike Epps on TV to being on the same stage as Mike Epps is. Words can't express how I feel man. You know everyone in the comedians doing they thing man. But I'm just so, I'm just in a zone right now man.


It just, I'm in a zone man. When it's your time, it's your time man. You and You know where I'm from. Opportunities don't come like this man. Opportunities don't come like this where I'm from so I gotta take advantage of this shit. So hopefully y'all don't understand but I'm back here today on this podcast man to come in and sit down and talk to y'all. Let y'all know what I'm feeling and I know y'all been missing me. Wanna know what's been going on. Is it still Lakers and five? You damn right it is. Even though we lost to Boston it's still Lakers and five Don't get it wrong. If yes LeBron James transmission is slipping you. Damn right. It's he old ass boy. Old cold breakdown LeBron.


Break it down right now. But what we ain't gonna do is sit up here and act like them damn referee then J us when they did. But my only thing is is not to blame them riffs. I'm going talk to goddamn spoil milk stomach ass Luca Dungy, you not going to get every call nickel. This ain't Dallas nickel this ain. Stop all that damn wolfing and get your As back down on defense because they not gonna call every call you in Boston. Them clam child of motherfuckers up there will do anything to win Lakers Celtics. That's a robbery. Yeah I seen the come in told y'all when they play a good team they were gonna lose motherfucker.


What room we playing? We healthy. We healthy right now but when we get healthy you motherfuckers in trouble. Oh Poor Savage Tigers. That's what we gonna start calling people when we think they worth more than what they are. The Savage titles you see a fine woman like Amber Road. Oh y'all love Amber Savage. Titles look good then a motherfucker. But that thing ran through that thing ran through like the hole the Dallas Cowboy used used to make for Amy Smith.


Tell me I'm lying big don't come through that motherfucker Eric where you come The ho gone own us. That's all I'm saying. We wasn't healthy but I'm loving when I'm seeing from JJ Red though I tell you that every morning and and they in LA when they home they got, they got, they having meetings. So if I You don't like a fan you ain't got nothing to worry about right now. Yes we need a big man. We will address that hopefully another week or two. But going against Boston, the Champs down 26 come back within five in the goat get hurt.


Shit. I like my motherfucking chances about to give a damn about no chasing. I like Jason Taylor. I do but if you tell me a hi LeBron A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A high on Sws Luca you mean you tell me they can't beat the senator. Shake the ghost of Kobe Bryant will enter into the Lakers and take 'em over. That's all I'm saying. But it's respect the boss to know I'm gonna give y'all all y'all credit because y'all are the champs. I can't be biased on this show. I gotta keep it 100. The boss itself are the big dogs. Y'all are but don't you think the little brother over there in the west ain't god damn getting ready bro Hurt right now at the crib growing problem.


We gonna let Savannah take care of that. No, no we men, we real men. We can't deal with the groin. We let the wives and the girlfriend deal with deal with that era but bro gonna be okay. Book first ain't get out. We didn't have first Savage this Tiger. He gonna nickle but Ruy when Ruy get back, officer Reeds ain't been like hisself either to be honest since he came back from that calf injury. Hell Lakers getting beat right now by the damn net. Lil Kim rolling over no goddamn grave up. Damn looking right now. Get hear me Lil Kim, I'm holding over that damn gray and Little Seeds.


That's who Tank should of let bringing my little seed. Lil Kim I love Jim, John Tall but but but Juice NI can't feel my face. I know you can't. Boy what kind you on Joel lost 16, 17 somethings ago. Ain't no damn way. You think I'm finna sugar up pur and be down and mad 'cause the Lakers lost one game to the set. I wasn now the old me war. It's the growth in me. It's the mother fucking growth in me. That's what she said. That's what CSA is. She say it's a different bubble but I'm on the pill and when I ain't on the goddamn pill it's a different bubble You know So I'll be in the bedroom sluggish.


You ain't just saying but when you get that little old blue pill, you a motherfucking monster again. That's all I'm saying that in the box. Gotta start calling people like you see 'em. Yeah she might be buying bad. Ooh ooh you just can't keep your eyes off of them. But the Savage titles, that's the tiger for night Savage titles Just to know you look good. You might think you're worth this but Jennifer but you're not. Now let's talk about what y'all really wanna talk about.


LeBron and Steven a s Smith. Of course we know what happened last week. LeBron came over and he checked Stephen a silk Stephen A. Smith as he should. That's what you supposed to do. You've been talking sugar about me for the last 20 motherfucking years. Nigga when I see you I'm stepping you like a man and letting You know how I feel. Listen to Stephen A. Smith. I know my motherfucking son tried nigga. But don't you say you Don lemme deal with Junior. Have bro got better. You goddamn damn right and and Stephen A. Smith you got every right to go on your platform and do and say whatever you motherfucker want say but if you were really, really being yourself that night you should sit up there and told LeBron aint then nigga trash.


And You know it. That's what your sugar said. But you didn't And you were scared that 6 9 275 pound man walked up. You And you froze up both of you. Right. That's the whole point that both of you right now bro you can't go around here checking everybody behind your son because you became, I said last year bro James was better than half for the people in the NBA. You lie Savage titles love bro led death Savage titles. Y'all want the real, I'm gonna give it to you now he is progressing.


He looking real good in G League. God damnit that's the that that's where tall got him at right now in the G League. When I first started out I was in the Chi Circus, I was in the bowl and grill. Now I look I'm in the rings so you can't feel, you can't get down. Everybody gotta start somewhere brewing. You used to couldn't make no motherfucking jump shot but you can make them now. Last week before you got your taxes, you was eating tell deal. But when you get your taxes you ain't action. That's all I'm saying. Steven ain't gonna get out bad when you go back to ES. ESP and no nigga get bad right here in your face.


He came to me as a father. I don't want to hear that shit. You got to stand on business. Same business. I still on with Dwight Howard. Yes I was scared fucking with Dwight Howard but I stood on business. That's all I'm saying. Y'all make it too much outta listen than what it is man. Y'all dying in LeBron. Oh man he can't man. Listen at the end of the day bro been hearing shit from Steven A. Smith from Skip Bay, from everybody for the last 25, 30 years of saying what he isn't and what he can't do as a man, as a human being, God damnit, sometimes that shit gonna get to you.


So if I see somebody then bothering me talking about me then when I see you it's on him. No LeBron ain't gonna put hands on Steven Nate. But he did what he felt like he should have done at that time. Whether he was right or wrong, he did what he felt like he had to do. And I love that bro did that. But all I'm saying is bro, if you going do that to the brother, the god damn do it to them Right boys Peter. Huh? Bring your ass here. That's how you handle the business. If I kick one, I check on you. So I won't bro to check one no white boy nothing. That's how I always saying bro. Bro we love you And I'm talking about, I'm talking, I'm speaking for the people that's You know poverty up the little middle class.


We don't have many, I don't look at you as no league. I look at God as a leader. But when we look at people like y'all LeBron and people love and idolize. I'm an idolized guy. We look at y'all speak up for us and for the most part you've been knowing that your career speak enough for us bro. But when we go out and down our own with each other in the public, like the way you kind of did it, well not kind of way you did it me personally, I felt like you could have handled that in the tunnel. You could have checked him in the tunnel and told him how you figure instead of doing it out in the public. But you didn't. He disrespected your son in public. You felt like so you had to check him in public. I get it but whoa make things duh. What will make Malcolm X roll in that motherfucking grave one more time. God damnit And you check one of them white boys the same God weight The section kind.


It's all you the told. This ain't about the goat debate. It ain't nothing about that. Ain't about none of that. It's about how you do certain things. It ain't what you say, it's how you say it. You had your chest out when you was talking to Stephen A. Smith? Yes Stephen A. Smith is a brother but he ain't built like that. He ain't built like that. Well Stephen A. Smith love what he's doing over ESPN doing great things man. But we men, at the end of the day we black men at the end of the day we got people looking up to us man we gotta hold ourself accountable at all times.


'cause a lot of us don't get to be in this position now. I know some of y'all was mad that LeBron James was able to get his son in the league. I looked at it differently. I looked at as if it was a black man that got some motherfucking power in a white man's world able to pull extremes. Dig he pulled. Y'all ain't never looked at it like that though. All y'all looked at it was wrong himself and he son shouldn't be in the league. What nigga? I'm showing him my power in a white man's world. Do y'all understand what LeBron just did? He knew his baby. He knew his junior. Wasn't that You know it. I knew but Ron said but watch my power.


Watch my watch what I'm able to do. That's the beauty in that shit. Don't forget where you come from. Don't forget where your ancestors come from. What we been through. Don't never forget that shit. That's what they want you to do. Forget where you come from. All I seen was a black man finally got some motherfucking power in a miracle So only a few black men in The world got a little power. Ron James is one of 'em and he exercised it getting his son in the league. I'm not mad now. One motherfucking bitch, some of you niggas in her own clubs and everything else you charge every nickel that come in there.


Niggas you grew up with, you charge em to come in your function soon. One of them little funky puss as hos come down. You let the men free tell I'm lying nigga you are charge your own brother to get in the club but let that little fucking motherfucker ever say she wanna come in shit come on now. Tell me I'm lying, You know I'm not. I'm telling you a god damn truth. So stop fussing at bru. Stop fussing at Stevie Nate. It's all coming together but we hawing we so I don't wanna hear nothing about LeBron. James checking Steven A. Smith. Steven A. Smith. What you should do is go right back on your motherfucking platform and keep doing what you been doing because LeBron know that but all LeBron's doing, he can't say it but I'm gonna say it for him.


I'm he just exercising his power. Some of you niggas be on jobs right now 30 and 40 years. Soon they high black pressure done. You all high sed and shit going on in there. Don't even want to train the little young nigga but let a white boy go on there. You god damnit. You're telling them everything your secrets you goddamn tax people. What kind of gas shit for your car. But soon as the nigga come in that motherfucker you got your face. I'm fine though wondering why they fi hire him because you think they hired the nigga to replace you tell me I'm lying. I dealt with it on them jobs hiring Mexicans and white boy them niggas to train them up. Let 'em hire me nigga my color. But they got you to replace me attitude all of a sudden.


Nah nigga you gonna have an attitude with me and with them light boy with them goddamn s But we black, we gonna fight and kill one another. Now I gonna miss them run the whole motherfucking Clint and say got stakes on top of God high as iron. Me and everything don't need no barbecue pit with no goddamn Mexicans. You gonna them found founders and them still playing them goddamn Mexican queing on they hot ass urn and he's good too. Look I'm late off the chain. I telling you man what's going on? What I'm been seeing, what I been hearing Rang up on Ro Rose rang up on me.


I ain't run on Ro. Quit lying. Rose rang up on me in my dressing room last night up there in ffa Virginia Wrote to highlighted. I told him to his face. Y'all said the big, I told him to his face. You surprised me. I ain't know you had it like that. You had t Davis saying a prayer during the fight. I thought you say a prayer before a fight you you motherfucker me can't steal my favorite pastor though. But you did that. I'm gonna give him Ro credit. I ain't him in him. I ain't know who he was but I know who he's now and I got nothing but respect for that young brother. I going see a goddamn rematch between and and whoever win, whoever win.


But God damnit I won't see it. I'm a real one. I'm not gonna lie to you. Y'all see the video? I told him to his face bro told him that real talk can't love you too. I know you mad at me. It's cool but there wasn't no goddamn gre in you. Why it with that glow vehicle? If you don want that goddamn glove your wife nigga get the popping. That's all you gotta do is get the bobbing them weave. If you don want to get hit, that's all you gotta do. If you don want to get hit bob and weave sometimes I know I can't fight. I know I can't bob and weave so guess what I'm not gonna be at to fight nigga. You know how I feel for family member to call you. Where you at? Damn. Pull up right quick.


I got a situation. I'll go down through there. I don't even fucking stop. They better get out the goddamn way. Somebody getting ran over then done fell out this damn truck. I'm not bullshitting y'all. I then ran my cousin over by the money go call me for a situation. I got creeping down through. I got seeing all the commotion got stomped it all I could hear was shit I need to stop. Look like you were getting your ass to up. That mean we've been both of us getting our ass to up. No I'll now see you gotta listen to some people sometime Miles Gary, about a month ago I'm leaving Cleveland, I'm leaving the land.


I don't wanna be here no more. You a motherfucker liar. You wing that white man office to sit down and he gave you a goddamn offer. You couldn't do you help me Miles. Gary you one came out and said you were ready to go. Come all that goddamn mind. You know you wanted more money anyway. You know you ain't gonna never win a motherfucking thing in Cleveland. Cleveland. I love y'all death goddamn. One thing about up there in Cleveland you going to die and the Browns ain't gonna never win. They facts everything else about the city. I love people love them to death but them browns ain't gonna never be a mother. Now Gary know he wasn't going nowhere.


He know he wanted more money And you deserve it. You said you wasn't going on you lying. My baby mama told me she didn't get that nigga head. She lied. I stalked the shit out that nigga. Nigga tell me the truth man I ain't, I ain't in there bro. Tell me the truth dog. I was so excited for this motherfucker to tell me the truth. I bro I can take it bro. Just, just, just tell me the truth bro. Did my baby mama give him head? He never would say then when he finally goddamn told me that shit I damn near died. That shit still h me to this day. Y'all finding out your baby mama and gave another nigga head and I'm supposed to be player.


I just, I thought I was when you find out your baby mama gave another nigga head boy that shit that's, that shit done something to my soul boy. I cried like a motherfucker at her job. She would pat me on my back. I want her like a motherfucker boy. Boy that shit shook me off but it made me stronger. Now I look at my baby mama s tired. That's how I look younger Gene o Smith done went to the Ragus, he gonna hook back up on twin gum. He curl ass over there. Goddamn Mike, Tom Brady getting them right up there nothing on tables they gonna sign match problems between all that money too.


Got the defense over there now they got the little quarter back. Hopefully they drop the door. You can come over there for a year or two. Learn from Geno. God damnit. Geno still got it. They ain't gonna get him for Geno still got it. He don't get enough credit. He don't get named. Don't get mentioned with with the other players. The quarterbacks in the NFL but June Geno Smith is a solid NFL quarterback. Him getting back with Pete Curl over there down the under that Tom Brady regimen they got going over there. There some great things coming to Las Vegas and I ain't just talking about them hoes either because them hoes in Las Vegas lazy don't come out past one shit. I nah I'm in the bed by 10 30 me call me. Why I want that?


I'm not. I told Floyd that last night, stop calling me at goddamn late. I'm in the bed. Hell I I activities 10 30 left now I'm in they going to doing four now you old after the first round of sex you sitting around you been here rubbing on my chest thinking I'm fixing do I bitch I'm going head.


Hopefully you get you up and get your shit. I ain't gonna say it out loud but that I'm damn so what that bitch on? She's one thing I'm finna give her around. I will not. I'm giving my life up to the good Lord. I will not give you another piece of me. I will not, I will not give myself to you no more Lord heaven to follow. Bless this young lady to get her ass put her clothes on, get the hell up out my damn. I'm just speaking the facts you damn. That's all I'm saying. DK Metcal, he gonna went up there to the Steelers but God who y'all gonna get throwing about Got that baby making that Russell Wilson and not it. Watch the last second half, last five games of the pillar on the Pittsburgh Steelers played what's his name?


Russell Wilson was straight up strange. I'm just saying man if that man was reading the defense like he was reading earlier in his career than Seattle, Pittsburgh had a chance to do more than what they did. He missed so many throws, so many opportunities that Russell Wilson missed. I'm not saying and I'm gonna say this Mike tell me you make that decision to take Justin Fields off the field and bring in Ru who goes to you but you sugar stuck with the youngster bro. Now they youngsters gone to the New York Jets now get your money fam 'cause y'all not gonna win a motherfucking thing up there Eagle. So I know it's a league.


You gotta get your money, you gotta go wherever you can go. So I'm rooting for you Justin Fields. I feel like Chicago Bears did you wrong but it's the NFL. The owners do what they want to do so players get your money at the end of the day. But I like Metcal took the Steelers bring, he brings a toughness. You know it's a tough team up there in Pittsburgh anyway though. You know it's just the environment, it's tough mentality. So I like him being there. I just don't know if Russell Wilson gonna be able to get him in the ball like he should be able to get in my early in his career. I feel like Russell Wilson can get him the ball but right now I don't know that nigga dressed offensive line. I tell you that too. I'm not gonna put everything on Russell Wilson. I'm not gonna do that. That nigga dressed that motherfucker in the offensive lineman.


Well who they need Doug? They need it. Oh lord. The whole offensive line need to be replaced. What's some reports going on in this N ffl? I'm hearing Michael Parson coming up for a contract. I seen Jerry Jones them making players reconstruction their deal but god damn Who you gonna bring in though because you ain't you you, you letting everybody that motherfucking go. Deebo done went to the commanders. That defensive end up at the Bengals. Don't get him that big white boy. Don't get him If You wanna win ain't no different when you wanna bust you a good NUTI got kids watching now so I just can't say what I won't say no more. I know I said some shit earlier in the show but hopefully I wasn't watching the time. But when you trying to get you NUT And you been blowing a motherfucker, who you gonna call?


You gonna call the big fat motherfucker that who don't even think you ever gonna call you calling that night Michael. You trying to get you And you just shit you up. Oh yeah I'm up. Lemme see my hair address right quick man. Cut your lights off fire in the yard before you get here though. But I'm gonna see God Bitch God will show you the way him just cut them goddamn lights off on the yard before you get him. God. Right. You go out there you goddamn I'm smoking you one goddamn shit. Look fat bitch pull up. I'm tell you I'm gonna partner. I don't even give a damn You call your partner man look don't judge me. The little bitch gonna come through. What? Damn you crazy Shit bitch come through her before You know I gotta go bitch pull up, jump out the car boy.


What make you call me? Get naked. I don't wanna do no more. Motherfucker fucking can't even go get bitch goddamn God damn right. Why Dar See because I don't want you to see this hamster. He looking now that motherfucker I can you he going grow watching this show. It being presented by pics. I keep telling y'all, I keep telling y'all scan that bar code right there man. If you wanna make some money I will give y'all my picks. Keep me on my Instagram bubble do knock four I give you my pick. You betting more or less on your favorite play over there man you put $5 it might be $10 an hour, you put ten five or $10 in, you get 50 instantly.


I'm telling you not if you won win some money just play off season. Man go put my promo code in trash with the two H's. I guarantee you shout out to my people at my show last night we took pictures. Y'all scan the bar code. Goddamn Now you with Pride picture now. Now you now you now you betting now you now you getting now you're getting some extra money. I can if you do that, if you just listen to me. If you can't watch the show And you only can listen to it, go Apple Podcast or with Spotify type it in dammit there. I'm not playing with y'all man stop playing with people. Start telling people how you feel. Stop holding shit in in The world. That's what's wrong with us sometimes we hold certain shit in now all you need to tell a motherfucker how you feel.


Look at your nigga. Stay out my best dm but when you see me in the streets you wanna talk to me but never nigga shake your goddamn damn hand nigga you all in my girl ain by nigga you talking. I'm talking in your and I and I don't play fo evil. Yeah nigga that's, I don't like people like that jump in my stem but when you see me you won't. Don't speak to me dog Don't even shake my hand. Ain't no problem but I don't play gang. I don't play with people like that. I don't want now nigga woman nigga my motherfucker. No I don't play them games. I know y'all a killed behind me.


Funky ass cross out as can't no timetable knowing ass hoes. I don't want them. You never call another nigga by no ho. This shit you don't do number one hoe going lie. They'll lie to you. Cry to you and your motherfucker face big crocodile to you and put on a show and the whole time she fucked him. Do you hear me? Yeah it hurt when you back it hurts. I done lost plenty weight my nigga. I'm not bullshitting you but it happens. Don't think it can't happen to you. Oh don't think it can't happen to you my nigga believe that it can and it will. You stand in the field long enough to play boy Oh big boy.


Your goddamn heart and all that shit going hurt Big boy you ain't gonna wanna go to work Real niggas drive above that shit and keep it pee and keep it moving. Some of y'all be sissy five. You can tell some of y'all ain't had y'all followers in y'all life the way y'all at all that crying and wh and nah nah nah in the DM and threatening people we don't do that. Keep it 100. So if you gonna be out here in these men girls inboxes bro stay out they face. Some people gonna play that. That's disrespect. Some niggas will put you in that graveyard behind that. Not me. I don't believe in violence. I gonna believe in none of that. I believe in in in love and prosperity and seeing the next day if, if the Good Lords will for us to see the next day.


I'm all about second chances man. I'm, I'm all about life. You get older in my thirties, mid thirties man see shit differently man. I see people different. I realize everybody ain't gonna like my black ass. I get it. Some people think I ain't funny. I get it as long as I'm funny to the people who think I'm funny that's all that matter to me. Some people might not like you but who gives a damn long as they ain't stopping you from taking care of your family. F what people got to say do you, I'm not worried about what y'all doing and y'all personal life, that's y'all business. But I wanna see you win. If I see you fucking up I'm going tell man you fucking up man you, you crashing out now you running with the her own crowd now we don't do all that.


That's something I will tell you Don don't do that. I wouldn't do it. You know what I'm saying? You grown man. I can't tell you what to do but don't do that. Gotta start thinking man these people killing babies my nigga. Hey when we start killing babies, niggas no offense they white boy shit get mad. Kill a whole family. That white boy shit but that shit don't you now me killing families don't we do that? Huh? All shit we talking about white people. The white man and white man we shoulda. Yeah we gotta do better and it start with me.


I got to do better as a human being. Feel like I ain't been a good leader. I excuse me. I really feel, I feel like I ain't been a good leader. Like I don't believe in putting shit on camera with people what I'm doing. I don't believe in that. But I gotta be a better person, better man, better way explaining things to y'all. Yeah I'm gonna laugh and joke and make y'all laugh but at the same time I'm serious too. I'm tired of us dying. Why can't we die old age or why can't we die old age man stick somebody is gunning us down. Shit sucks man. Kids, babies but gangster by killing baby.


And we ain't get talking about killing some of you niggas fun babies both P ain't having as nu all these grown as women. Y'all can't get no wrong woman. You ain't gonna get a fuck game baby. That ain't the business that ain't play real. Men who know people who been from the kids, they can't come around. Y'all be letting niggas back in 'cause they got money. Yeah whack. Oh I know he raped old girl but I ain't tripping though. That nigga got the bag. Dang please ain't no respect.


How y'all feeling though man? I'm man I'm just, just so much shit going on out here in this world. I'm hearing shit each and every day man. I know it's fucked up out here in these streets. I know motherfucker calling me every 5, 10, 15 minutes wanting to borrow money and niggas get mad when you going even let 'em borrow money nigga. It's my money. Me they love you. Can you tell them no you carry them bullshit as niggas. No. Why so I can't treat you. Niggas are trying to stone you to deal mad. You ain't gonna get mad. But you heard from other people man You know I tried to borrow 23rd off that nigga.


That nigga told me no nigga it is my money and if I decide not to give you 20 or $30, God damnit it's my bitch. Look it this way. If you didn't know me or her, whoever it is you trying to buy motherfucker and they tell you no if it ain't on who else would you call? Well I say kiss, you get the call them motherfuckers. I know time fucked up. Right. I'm getting cussed out left and right. You ho ass self is ass ml this and that. Woo woo. Damn that fucked up. I gotta, I'm how you getting love me y'all so you love me Wednesday but the ty you hate me.


That's how I know I'm growing y'all. That devil trying to pull me come back every time that devil pull me. Good Lord. Thank you heaven. Me father. I know I ain't even worried the other this shit that's happening to me. I know I ain't worried the other but you still blessing me. Yeah I know. Somewhere, somewhere he looking and I ain't just looking at me. Looking at y'all too for the ones who believe in me looking at y'all too. Shit ain't been going your way last two or three years. You just ain't been able to make it. Look at it this way. He you still woke up this morning, you still him.


Shit get better. You think I just got to where I'm at? Hell no I You think I started doing this shit in 2017 Y'all you luck in Texas. Me and my girl, it's stuff I'm doing now. Man. Nobody down there knew what I was doing. Nobody had a include skits. They didn't understand what I was doing because I had a motherfucking vision and I had a drive that wouldn't stop. I couldn't sleep without thinking nobody a new skit. You know how people would tell you I couldn't sleep. It's all I talked about was comedy, comedy comedy com. I know it drove them crazy.


I knew if I kept putting in the goddamn work, I knew if I just kept putting in the work I didn't worry about nothing else. If I just kept working and grinding and Right. Damn it. One day. Just one day. How I get to be where I can be where I'm at now. Am I where I wanna be at? No God damn it I'm marching. You think I was a New Orleans saint where I'm marching some of y'all marching too. You ain't just walking no more. I'm marching. You might not can tell but other people can see your progress baby. Oh yeah we can see your progress baby. You went from bringing the sat lunches to work now you getting Chick-fil-A politics sauce with the lemonade it at.


That's all I'm saying baby, you can't start what God got for you. You can't. Once you find something you really love, go for it. I really love comedy. This shit is to me and I'm not saying that being boast for arrogance. This shit is easy for me. It's natural. You can't teach this shit. It's all I'm saying. You can't teach it. You can try to duplicate it but you can't teach this shit. I love this shit. I wake up with this shit. I put the work in for this shit just like some of y'all do. When y'all go to y'all job every day it work. Repetitions.


Repetitions. Sometimes you can do that shit. Whatever you do, you can do what I looking at. 'cause You know how to do it. That's all I'm saying. Enjoy yourself. Enjoy your life. Let nobody control you. Never let nobody control you. People fear what they can't control. Never forget that when you, when you get your girl and everything good like I told y'all everything good girl you can't, you can't wait when you first start talking to her God dammit first two or three weeks. Oh you can't wait to see this. Oh I man y'all just don't know I ain't hanging out with y'all. I ain't playing the game. I'm going with baby. All that shit good the first four, five years, everything good after that.


No she'll giving you butterfly baby after that. When you, you heard that cargo shut shit heartburn. How a motherfucker going on in your house head hurting migraine. She don't give you the same feeling. No damn she gonna get head no more. She used to, she can't hold her legs up like she used to. She gonna hold her cheeks open like she used to listen different nigga but she still with you and loving you through all that. Now you got you something. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying here tonight man. Fuck what people say. Who? You. Because when you in that grave it's over over.


How y'all feeling man y'all gonna have me preaching for 30 minutes. Y damnit what it do? I'm feeling good tonight. I'm in the motherfucking zone. I'm turning they ass up on that stage on this pool and I'm not in competition with none of my brethren on that stage. I'm only in competition with my god self When I step on that stage it's me and that God crowd and goddammit I'm think gonna make you late. This my child and I love every big up to see smile on y'all faces 'cause I know somebody in that crowd right now going through some shit. But you gonna spend your hard money to come see my black ugly ass and I'm gonna give you what you want.


Even if you single fellas, you single you looking for something. Bring your ass till you coming. So we the ones to Friday night I'm down there in New Orleans at the smoothie King come here you single And you for So they gonna beat because I'm call out when I go out there. Why all the whole damn fucking that night The one that holler God damnit you go for yours and Master Pvo make 'em say look now some of y'all need job some risk. You hustling too motherfucking hard. That money ain't going nowhere. Get you some rest. You see Birdman on that goddamn stage asleep. You better get you some goddamn rest bird man.


Nah nah nigga you sitting here get you some rest bird man. Baby you can dunk. All you can do. You can make so many niggas million now man you can bro us hot. You can bro us high. You know brought us high boy cash money, young money nigga. Birdman get you some rest dog. You don't gotta be on that tour. Your check still going to hit dog. They got God eat apple or something. Gotta eat some fruit. Eat your vegetables my nigga And and and take care of yourself Fa because we need you bird we need you. Y'all don't see y'all be on here joking and playing but we need Birdman. Birdman has changed hip hop man we need Birdman. We gonna need that. We don't need no we we just lost Irv. We don't, we don't, we don't need none, no more of that shit.


Bad enough. Suge Knight in jail bad enough. Dig in jail rightfully so. For for the crimes they committed but God damn man all I see is us behind boys. All I see is us is in jail. All I see is us is fussing and cussing and killing and shooting and baby mama and baby daddy. That's all I see is fucking drama. When we gonna get to the good lie, I I wanna rougher my toes through the sand like a Jamaican nigga. I want some jerk chicken from Jamaica nigga not Chicago. Even though I know Chicago got some of the best church jerk chicken in The world. But I want to go with man originally I wanna go with Jamaica, put my feet up in the sand.


I wanna see my other people around me having fun swimming like mermaid smiling 'cause it's no because we all got new teeth. Even if you ain't got no teeth. Smile bitch. Little do our voice. That's what I wanna see. I wanna see people who ain't never went nowhere. I hear no enjoying life. That's what I want to see. We can do it. We all can. God damnit do it together. And I know my fans just watching. I know y'all will. Y'all some real ones. Y'all pulling up to these shows. Y'all getting in the comments section.


When I drop y'all letting people know I'm the realest. Like that shit mean a lot to me. Like that mean more than me anything man. Like I I I be needing that feedback. That's why I'm, I keep pushing and pushing and trying to get to show where it need to get to and and and it's getting there for the one, the real ones. Y'all gonna come over here, y'all gonna hit the like button. You gonna get me to come in. You going to share it. You gonna do whatever it can to let the people know about me. Y'all pulling it up. Y'all buying tickets to these shows. These shows selling out. Man, I ain't got nothing to complain about. I got some of the best motherfucking fans in The world and if you are a newcomer right now, welcome to the motherfucking bubbled dub show. Saturday I'm dying there in Birmingham, Alabama. God damnit pull up if you won.


Show get there early Godda. 'cause You know I'm the new baby on this mother fucking tour. Get there early 'cause I go up like second or third. God damnit get damn You won't regret it. I guarantee you won't regret it. God damn. Pull up. I'm gonna give you what you want. Show he knows what he saw and he hell no. I promise you that. God damn. I know y'all lot of y'all been crying dub you gotta bring back the hell nos me and all this and that. God it Here we go in 2025. What dub boy you letting people borrow money? Hell no. I did it all. 2024. I ain't doing it that 20 as thigh.


I'm not helping you motherfuckers. No, no. You're a grateful. I bought your noodles. I bought your water. I bought you a motherfucking pie. I bought you a stove. I put the heat up on nigga And you still spit my motherfucking face. I'm not doing it no damn mo. I won't listen to my heaven. Stay away from them. Hint they mean you no good. They all fool. They smile in your face but they wanna turn around and stab you in your back backs, stab back stabs. They smile in your face. Old time they want to take your place. Backs stab us.


Backs stab us. It ain't just people you don't know. It's the one that got the same blood you got. I can say the word here tonight. I say it ain't even the people you don't know. It's the same people that got the same blood running through you. You backs stab you. Thank y'all. Why tonight? So God bless I out man. The Volume. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other.


'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out And you can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees.


Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com. John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears.


With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.