
What's s good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds. to have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. Check out. Bose. Odoo.


Go Am I. doing the right thing with my finances. Am. I. saving enough Can. I. buy a house. Am I paying too much in taxes. Will I be able to retire. Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What, if I told you there was another way. Take facets free financial wellness quiz. To. get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health. Visit Facet dot com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FAC et.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet. Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal or tax advice.


Hey, who doesn't t love bacon? And. did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar. Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Now


ODU is business management made so simple a kid. You, explain It. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because They save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo Odoo com.


Good JLab, Thanks.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because They can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors. Facet, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


The Volume. What's up y'all? It's your boy Bubba Odoo man. Welcome to the Bubba. Dub Show. Friday night. Friday Night Lights football going on. How y'all doing tonight man? Talk to your boy man. I'm feeling good right now. I'm in Nashville tender key right now. TSU Homecoming coming up tomorrow. They playing East Illinois. I can't wait for this big game in my TSU Home Homecoming. If you in Nashville, you might see your boy on the field tomorrow, man. Pull up. Check on your boy. but check this out. Go on and hit the like button right now. Go and hit the like button right now. Go on and hit the subscribe button right now.


After You can a newcomer. We got a whole lot to talk about tonight. I'm going through some things right now and I'm going to expose some people today. Pete Diggy ain't gonna be the only motherfucker getting exposed. I'm thinking expose my Pastor. He came to me a couple months ago talking about God got on me. He can bless me with a little money now can I look out? So I gave his motherfucker $5,000. Supposed to be getting a good return. I ain't got nothing yet. This mother You one guy bought one of them new G Trust, one of them 3,500 Odoo Riding good ain't good. Got a sun roof in That.


He he done got him truck company, he hot. So, so I'm sending messages because I'm on the road y'all. I'm on the road doing shows. I ain't, you know I ain't been gonna go to church 'cause I'm on the road like That. So I'm telling my mama Hey when you go up There tell the Pastor Hey tell Hey man I need my money. He telling her Uhuh just be patient now motherfucker. I done been patient What my money. What my money ain. Thank you. You telling me God gonna bless me but It look like God done bless you. I been having old lady done left me. Y'all come section right now.


Let me know if I'm right or wrong man. I want my motherfucking money. New suit, take shoes nigga done to Johnny Dang and got a grill Odoo, you hear me? My Pastor done to dang got a motherfuck but I can't get my 5,000 though. I need to be patient. I need to be pulling That. Fire on your ass. That's What I need to be doing. I done talk to everybody about this y'all so don't be like oh Odoo, I can't believe you earned this out. I done talk to everybody in my family. They done told me shit. I didn't motherfucking move here. I want my money. Damn the damn the chicken at the church TRASHH.


Y'all think feeding me gonna keep my mouth closed. Never. I need That 5,000 man ain't I need it now. He riding better than me. AC blowing my AC don't work in my damn car. New suits, new grill shit nigga I need to be riding with you. So I'm telling y'all 'cause I already done sent misses by my mama and my aunt and my grandma. I'm tired of talking so I want the world to know right now. Now only Odoo. My Pastor owe me 5,000. He cheating on his wife. can he been fucking my anger I'm I'm getting put nigga out There I can't hold water.


The Pastor been sleeping with my damn anger for the last seven months. but her bad built ass, I don't know What he see in her. She a damn miracle patient. They hold on Prozac Wronging up here. That's my Pastor. I love my Pastor because you fucking them ho. Like I'm supposed to keep my mouth closed but I'm not. If I You got my money I wouldn't be saying this shit tonight. but I got to say I got to put It locked up. God won't put no more burdens on you. He won't Odoo it. God won't Odoo That to you. Not my heavenly father. My heavenly father told me to tell the truth. Well I'm telling the truth every day my Pastor sleeping with my aunt and You can sleeping with plenty more.


I had a nice little Tinder. I brought her a church. I wanna let her know I ain't gonna dog even though I am. I didn't want her to know That So baby let's go to church with me. I'll bring her to church. Next thing I know she don't wanna go church with me no more. You know What I'm saying I'm like okay cool you don't wanna go to church with me? Cool. Now she's sleeping with the Pastor. He this hole she burning can They Yellow Bone That be coming to the church. I ain't wanna say no name because I wanna get sued to Ho Burn and Pastor burnt though I can't stand That nigga I can't stand. I'm sitting in my family members to tell him I want my money because I know he really got an attitude problem. If I get close to him, I know he gonna wanna put hands on me and I can't fight but I got my phone on me, I gonna hear about it.


Let him run up on me. Bow can. I gotta bow put one in you running around here on me 5,000 They want me to be patient. No I'm not gonna be patient. I been quiet enough y'all I'm not going cry. I'm not going say no I'm not gonna cry. Not the time because You can not worth my got me singing Mary j Blige. I know What. Y'all five I know right now.


Oh y'all gonna go off. Imagine somebody own y'all $5,000. Imagine somebody coming to you crying you bubble man just bless the church man. The church gonna bless you. You put 5,000 in, you gonna get 30,000 back in six months. Nigga What my 30 30, I'm behind on child support. He holds want They money There I've been tricking with. Lemme tell y'all something here today. It ain't tricking if you got it Trick and relieve stress. Lemme tell you something. When You can broke you you, you can't really go out and get ass when You can broke but when you got some cash, them hoes will come right over when You can broke They heads. I ain't got time riding no nothing messing with you.


I ain't got time. but when you got That them holes will pull up. I'm talking about pull up in booty shorts, trench coats That They gonna stole from the hotels hotel nothing but Razor bump up under That motherfucker Odoo. You hear me? And I'm talking about smelling good too because They know how to They know how to Odoo That thing too. That's What. I'm talking about the good razor bump. Who change lives boy Odoo. You hear me? Ain't nothing like going to one of them old houses They kids on the couches. Hey hang on my kids Bubba. I don't even speak to them Nis. I'm not here for them nipples. I'm here for you. I go in That room.


I can't wait to unbuckle my pants. I'll be unbuckling as soon as I get. Ooh you can't wait. I can't This a Christmas present though. Don't even gimme this gift. Don't gimme this gift. I can't wait So mother niggas couldn't wait either. Why you wanna make me wait you didn't wanna Odoo all this, all this romantic shit. You a hoe. Quit being romantic hoe. Get straight to It get but naked Get bucket shit I can send you $180 on cash out when I get There. I want you to get all That walking around and dancing the re songs. I don't want hear no motherfucking tre songs.


Hold put wrong Eyes on this motherfucker between the seats and no motherfucking re song but put key swag on in this motherfucker. That's What I want hear. I don't want hear That new as shit. That shit don't That shit don't move me. It take a lot to get this one. His monster going put some Gerald Laga on in this motherfucker. Put some Kelly on in this mother in on Boo Booty ho be having bb a feel on my booty. They ain't your booty Ho They belong nigga. MAs de ho going down There getting They ass done on credit.


Y'all take them hoes ain't cashing out. White women if you want your ass done you ain't gotta pay That $10,000 You can get your ass done on credit. I'm telling you What God look you got a 700 credit score, You can get your ass done. I done got three or four of 'em done down There and them hoes feel amazing too. Ain't nothing like rubbing on them. Fake ass rub on That whole ass like she a big cat rubbing on That motherfucker all night. Look What I done paid for thank you God thank you heaven. The five when I was broke I couldn't rub on them but my meat now I got a little change I can rub on them whole feet. Come on couple you nasty holes right now on ig t twerking and showing your body.


Ooh I'm doing my thing. Oh you ain't got no furniture in That. Don't make me tell the truth. I expose. I'm exposing everybody now baby mama. New boyfriend selling dope. You going to jail nigga can you bragging on I about how you sleeping with my baby mama. It's cool. You be jail by Sunday you you nigga you'll be in jail by Sunday nigga for you testifying on your ass. Think about it man. They lock P Diggy up. They'll lock you up. Stop playing games man. It's time to get to it. I want my mother getting $5,000 for my Pastor and I want it now.


I want y'all to get in coming section right now and let me know if I'm right or wrong by exposing my Pastor. I don't give a damn about him sleep with my ain. I know she gonna be mad. She gonna get over It. You claim you love God. Forgive me ho if you love God. Oh my uncle watching because she cheating on your fam. That Ho ain't going to them card games. She going right down There to the to the Omni Hotel meeting up a Pastor. He got the big 3,500 gym sitting down truck sitting out. There gall. Can you think Ain Legs don't go up like That no more but They Odoo she spread them damn legs like Jordan symbols.


That's What. I ain't doing spreading the legs like Jordan simples, he That sweating nigga fake. I'm supposed to keep quiet. I'm not going to Odoo. I love my hip the father, I'm always gonna pay my tithe man. I'm not close to God like I should be but I know right from wrong y'all. That's how I just want my $5,000 back. That's all. And I can go on about my business but don't play with me Pastor. Don't push me man. I ain't no killer. but don't push me, don't Odoo it. Don't Odoo it fam and You can push me tonight. You got me out here on social media telling our business I don't mind telling. I don't mind talking. I'm pillow talker. I got a award for talking to the cops.


They gave me award. My cousin running around here. Them shot two people then he from run down here Wanna high out in Texas. Nigga you better take your ass back to North Carolina man. I ain't going back. Yo. They coming to get you. I done told them where you at? Damn criminal. Go down There and shoot two people and then think you wanna run your hot ass down here on me. I'm about to cool you off. You finna be cool in That damn tank in That cell. Man I got kids. You ain't doing them no justice. You ain't been taking care of 'em. You ain't gonna take care of 'em Now You can going to jail the only then get your GED nigga. That's What. You can Odoo You can get your GED in jail and learn your trade when you come home You can see can.


but in the meantime for the next 10, 15 years You can going to jail. I don't give a damn how much Grandma pray for your as You can going to jail. She praying you come home. I'm praying You can staying now.


High Five Casino High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at High Five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at High Five Casino dot com High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void Book prohibited, play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high the number Five Casino dot com


five Five Casino


HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BET Plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET Plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hour streamed. BET Plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET Plus with the premium monthly plan For a limited time new subscribers stream for up to 50% off. BET Plus has Culture on lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love


Hey. Who doesn't t love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. now.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because They can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons They started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors. Facet, the lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Hey, it's lunchbox from Sore. Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence. Toyota has been building for generations. From pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 2025 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, You can experience a legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a Toyota dot com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


I don't know What God y'all praying to but my guy don't deal with That evilness. Jealous people mad at you 'cause You can doing good. Mad at you 'cause you got a new JLab mad at you 'cause you got a promotion mad at you 'cause you got a new car. My God, don't dwell in There. My God. God my God. Dwell in positivity. My family went for damn times. I was broke and hungry. Needed 3.5. No motherfuckers wouldn't help me. but now God blessed me with $200. Now They feel like I should give it up. Never keep your ass up to the cops. And another thing I don't like these days, DoorDash, DoorDash, I Odoo a motherfucker.


You order your food, your food $10 by the time you gig it, it's $7. Odoo. You hear me? DoorDash, you order your food. It's $10 by the time you get it. It set me then the driver had a nerve. That want a tip? I'm gonna give you a tip. Stop eating the fries out my motherfucking bad nigga. That's the tip I'm giving you. So lie We going through y'all, y'all should be smiling. Lot of people dying. They never died before. Everybody dying days man. Get your life together. Get your life and all real talk. Hurricane doesn hit Florida. I don't know what's going on in Florida but y'all better get That shit.


Right. Damn fish. Them damn fish leaving the ocean going to the damn rivers. Don't go chasing to That. You used to. TLC told us a long time ago. Money will change you nigga. Look at ti and Tiny Done got award 70 million. Ti say he ain't doing no more motherfucking shows. It's the king homie. I Money. I know y'all Odoo too. And y'all, some of y'all deserve That kind of money.


Don't sell yourself short. If you are a female watching this show and you like to get That K up for a little change and you've been charging a hundred, it's time for you go make thems pay like They. That's all I'm saying. Pay like your way. but how y'all doing tonight man? I'm, I'm in a zone man. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I can pray to God about It man. I have to. I have to tell y'all what's going on in my life. I'm being sincere. I'm being humble about It. I just want my $5,000 y'all. That's all. That's all I want man. And I can go on about my way.


I can go on about my merry way man. I know some of y'all probably at work can't watch the show but You can listen to It on apple, Podcast and Spotify. That's all you got to. Odoo is type in The, The, Bubba, Dub, Show. I'm gonna pop up. Y'all look at me, I'm so, look at my eyes. Y'all been crying. My girl cheated on me. can I'm hurt. I really wanna Odoo something to her but I ain't got nowhere else to go. Y'all, you know What. I'm saying I ain't got nowhere else to go so I'm gonna stick this shit out man. Y'all my family. Y'all gonna be here for me. Be here for me. Y'all been crying myself to sleep man. Been reading my bible. Even though I can't read, you know What, I'm saying I, I've been on my app, you know having the sounds to the Bible so I can listen because I can't read the words but I You listen like a motherfucker.


One thing I got, I can't read but I You listen, I'm gonna learn. Some of y'all can't read watching this show. but You can learn by listening What. I'm saying man I don't want no Popeye chicken sandwich man. I don't want That no more man. You know it's, it's too much radiation in That food. Y'all, you know y'all microwave babies. I'm over the stove baby. Y'all used to getting That work in the microwave. I'm used to being overly stole with mine. We look different. I believe in the street drop can I believe in Street Drop giving it to you.


I'm work on. I be not stopping no motherfucking store and getting no grubs for What for What. There wasn't none in the Bible and There shouldn't be none. Now wearing a condom is a singing show me in the Bible where say You can supposed to wear a condom, wearing a condom is a singing. No you want me to Odoo good deathless work. I won't Odoo it. I won't Odoo It. I only got one master and that's, I'm gonna serve. I don't serve man. I serve God. Y'all better listen up here today and putting y'all on game. Elon Musk got them new Tesla cyber cab, no steering wheel, no nothing.


Type in your destination and ride you niggas riding straight to hell. You think I'm finna jump in with a motherfucking car with no steering wheel? No nothing. Them cars catching on fire like a motherfucker. It's a cyber cab. I don't give a damn What. It's, I'm not getting in That damn entrapment can. I'll be so quick. I I'm the first one to Guy That. You gonna be the first one to burn up in That motherfucker too. Don't look for me to save you 'cause I'm not, I'm gonna sit right There and film it. You dog lovers. Ain't nothing wrong with Loving dog. but y'all already got the nerve now to put dogs in seat belts.


I better not put no motherfucking dog in no seatbelt. Ni if anybody gonna fly out this car, it better be That dog Odoo you hear? I'd rather a dog being be a human man and I love dogs man. I Odoo but I'm, I'm gonna buckle up. The dog ain't getting buckled. It's only gonna be one survivor in this mother or two human whatever and dog can't survive. I have a knife and more for you. Lucky I have a knife and more for your ass.


but I want to hear don't be wrong. Y'all gonna say nothing when y'all goddamn Odoo get caught by them cougars, Odoo don't supposed to be on chains no more. Odoo the wrong free like Buffalos, that's like the Colorado going Odoo to Kansas. State watch Coach Prime get this damn dick you mother because been hating on Coach Prime. Coach Prime since the beginning time Thing ain't gonna Odoo this fam ain't this Travis ain't There. Well They been proving you motherfuckers wrong each and every and I love it. Can all my coach Prime Hager come here, come here can it ain't fun When the rabbit got the gun Sha Odoo it's him.


I seen him talking to the Al Davis Jr. Last week. You stay your motherfucking ass away from Al Davis Jr. Fam quarterback go There and Die. We want you to live. We want you to prosper. We want you to win. Take your ass somewhere other than Las Vegas it's to a motherfucking hot diner. You ain't gonna get no Ho 'cause Floyd got 'em all down There in in my and Vegas. Okay got the motherfucking don't think he, I seen Tim whisper some in the whole ear. She ain't wanna look at me no motherfucking more. I'm trying to figure out What Champ told this whole really wanted to put hands on Champ but I can't fight and Champ ain't never lost and he probably never will but Champ can't whoop the Keep playing with me Champ.


I love you but you hear I be the last motherfucking sign you plate I'm tender   I'm tender behind them hole Champ and I love you my big brother but when you come them Hole showing out, pulling out Ferras and Benton and G Wagons and I ain't got none of them motherfucking car baby I ain't There yet. I'm on my way. I can go down There and rent. I'm a stone. I'll pull up in the bin in a minute. It ain't mine. I ain't smoking illegal. I'm lying to you. Even though I'm a smoker. I don't smoke in my car baby. I don't Odoo all That I'm lying because it's so ri. They charge you extra when You can smoking them and you can't put That many miles on them rims.


but when I pull up in That bin it ain't mine but 15 I not missing. Better have Gregory Hins feet better get the dancing Nickle. Y'all act like James Brown won the first first Black American to have a private jet. Y'all better put some motherfucking respect on Brother RIP James Brown name Mr. Bird who seen That movie Get up.


James Brown was in There smashing Mr. Bird's sister I me a me homeboy invited me over to his house and you You stay with me fam Ben I started running this motherfucking me up in his said I don't fucking go to the store. You wanna go? Nah man I got lied. Told his sister come here ain't wearing no condom. Come here. I wanna feel it. I want you to feel this one. I don't put your hand down though. Feel It. He strong gang lip Believe It or not this one gets me strong. Need to put me ingenious World Books solo. What's up family?


What's going down nigga ain't tricking if you got it. I told y'all when You can broke, You can probably get some ass when You can broke if you got gang. but when you got cash nigga You can get as abundantly. Ain't not no 50 ass. I know it's such a difference between a 50 ass and a hundred as Odoo. You me That paper make them hold bullshit.


I snitch on whoever God damnit I want my 5,000 and I want it now. I said I'm worried about her funky ass. My anger build like a penguin. Told her tell That nigga I want my 5,000. He said be patient. Bet been patient long enough. Here I am. I'm telling y'all what's going on. My Pastor sleeping with my aunt and many more women but They think They can feed me on Sundays when I Odoo able to go to church and praise God. They think They can feed me this nasty ass chicken. Oh Sister such and such cook this nigga, this nigga this Brooks a brother's chicken. See I'm from Texas. Y'all don't know nothing about That Brooks Brothers. It's a east Texas thing for me.


Be in the a soon y'all I'll be in the a soon back to What. I was talking about Colorado will be Kansas State this sun this Saturday book it 40 the 37th Buffalo Coach Prime might be limping but he going to dance on your out motherfucker Saturday he ain't standing 10 toes down no more. It might be six or seven but he still got his balance and that's all It matters. You might be broke today but tomorrow you You be up. See everything ain't gonna go your way y'all everything don't go my way y'all.


I have good days, I have bad days but long as God blessed me to wake up each and every morning I'm gonna take advantage. I'm gonna take advantage. I don't mind calling one one of these holes up. I don't mind calling them one of these holes up and say look here baby, can I get my thing sucked to next Tuesday can I don't mind getting my thing sucked on CRI because They know I'm gonna pay like our way. When you find a woman they'll let you get your thing sucked on credit she one and now don't you mistreat her, don't you abuse her, don't y'all Odoo It like Brother Digger did cash and sneak up behind her like you a motherfucking leopard and tackle.


Don't Odoo it like That. Treat her right, treat her with respect. can buy her kids Chick-fil-A raising Canes McDonald. Whatever They want you Odoo


it High Five Casino High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at High Five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at High Five Casino dot com High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void We prohibited, play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high the number Five Casino dot com


five Five


Casino HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BET Plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET Plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET Plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET Plus with the premium monthly plan. For a limited time new subscribers stream for up to 50% off. BET Plus has Culture on lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love


Hey. Who doesn't t love bacon? And? did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. now.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because They can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons They started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors. Facet, the lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved


This Var Arrington from up on game here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half T Tundra You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a Toyota dot com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota. Let's go places.


It's time We Odoo right by these hoes. We always doing right by these women. It's time We Odoo right by these ho these ho hold us down our whole lies and We mistreat 'em. Call 'em hoes. Talk bad to 'em. It's time We. Start getting these hold hair fixed. Start getting They toes done. Start getting They nails done. Start taking these ho to church. Start getting knee ho baptized. It's time We. Start doing right by these hos y'all and I'm Finn. Start holding you niggas accountable. You truck drivers. Y'all some nasty fat pop. Billy Nole eating funky musty mother y Know it's on customer more like I used to. I'm changing God for me it's God for me.


Your truck driver got some nasty motherfuckers. You can messing up the game. You can giving your whole hundred 50, $200 for What. This whole worth $30 for him. You ain't got Odoo all That. You ain't got the Odoo. All she gonna take whatever you give her. Making it hard for a brother like me when They see me They. Think They supposed to get four and $500. It don't work like That but my four $500 going to Lisa Ray if she ever want come kill iia. I got a Miley Cys, I got two towels. Three young You can have whatever I got including my baby mama. Damn right. You can have it. You can have it all baby.


I'm not gonna argue with you. but how y'all feeling tonight? How y'all feeling? What my cowboy fans at where y'all at? We gonna kick ass Sunday. Three 15 We kicking ass. Four 15 if You can on the East coast. 15 if You can on the West. We kicking ass Sunday, We gonna keep big. Meet Detroit Line. Lazy Cockeye Cross our eye. One our ass Southwest Big T. Lions ass We gonna keep Detroit as you watch. I feel it in my bones. Jerry Golf ain't playing no better than That and That ain't play well a damn this year.


Look at the stats. They the same. Matter of fact, Dak sta better and y'all think y'all finna run through us. Stop it. You got a better chance off of taking the animal running through your ass than y'all think y'all finna run through us. We a miracles team. Don't you ever forget it. Even though We one in 30 years, We still got more rings than you mother. It's the disrespect for me. That. I don't like and I don't love you watching this show. You should hit the like button by now. You should gonna hit the motherfucking light button right now. You should be in the CU right now. Laughing, chopping the gun. That's my right There. That's What. I want see you see the Hat?


It's the Bubble Odoo show. can them other, them other podcasts cool. but They ain't this one. You can't get this nowhere here all off the dome. I ain't got no pin and Pad Odoo. You hear me can telling you the truth. Cowboy gonna win this Sunday. That's What. I'm feeling somebody hit me up and asked me if I was having a shooting contest, who would I like my shooting Kobe bro. James or Stevie? Wanda. Gimme Stevie. Wanda bro can't hit a motherfucker. He couldn't hit Amber Rose in the Playboy mansion.


Odoo. You hit me. Bernie. James couldn't hear Amber Rose ain't a Playboy mansion. And I like Bernie. I think eventually he gonna be something. but right now ain't nothing. Not saying It like That. I'm just saying boy as ball playing skills. There's a lot of players out. There. That didn't get drafted. That's better than bro. but am I mad That got drafted? No, that's his dagger. JLab. I'm gonna give my son a JLab. If There was some of y'all son, y'all would Odoo the same motherfucking thing. But but I want, on my team, I ain't got time for shit. I I don't want one block in 90.


Zeke some power complain and That nigga get me a bottle on the goal. Like motherfucker, you can't Odoo nothing with it whenever you get it three yards or Pop They ain't gonna get it. I the seat, the belly ring, tongue ring. Zeke nose ring. Zeke, that's the motherfucking Zeke the Cowboy fans wanna see. Not this new Zeke. You can't cut the mustard. You can't cut the mustard fan. I'm a realist. I'm a Cowboy fan. but We not going to Odoo shit. but We gonna be Detroit Devonte, Adam change your heart. What. How you change your mind fam?


You dig All That wooing. but you wanna be trading now all of a sudden you wanna stay here no nigga go. You gonna wanna be here. Go then. You know right now you better get your pride. Pick in right now. Put your weight on going.


Download the number one sports fantasy app right now. Which is Prize Picks easy to play. It's only more or less over There. That's all. more or less. It's simple. They might have somebody you know you just never know. Somebody They may have S Slate to have 300 passengers. Yours, all you gotta Odoo is put more or less. How easy is That more or less? Usually my promo code track with the two H's. All them other apps cool. but Prize Pick is the one got a commercial coming out soon too. Maybe next week can I got a commercial coming out. Prize picks next week. I can figure y'all can see It Me and Big X Extra Plug can. I'm letting our Secrets Secret. Go and get his album too big extra plug go and get his album. It's jamming Broadway album drop too. It's jamming but it's her home music. I'm just saying it's sad. Dumb motherfucker. Big ride, big Broadway make me want to go out There and watch my cat. PAs my cat and change his cat though. I like him but that's What. His music make me Odoo. but if you wanna put in a jamming ass out you go out and get Ride Wave. Ain't no, I mean you go out and get big extra plug. There ain't no skills. It ain't no skills. I'm telling you. What God love. He knows What and Somebody You ask me Odoo Odoo What, you Odoo. You ever wanna be a rapper? Hell no go. Niggas dying left and right won't be no motherfuck rapper. I don't like the word rapper. W or with a W. Because rapper mean like condom rapper. And I don't wear rappers. I don't wear condoms. Condoms is against my religion. I feel like anybody in the wear condom, it's a similar Odoo. You hear me? You going against God wearing condoms. Don't Odoo It. Don't let What man made fail. You get What. God made God made by me, took a real a woman and you hold still got the nerve and disrespect us. Y'all was some selfish mother. Oh you ain't working on my cussing. Odoo ain't cussing no more man. I'm changing change for the best. I'm gonna change your for the good. Some of y'all should wanna change your ways you got right now man. Some of you got evil ways. Some of you out here robbing and stealing. Stop it man. Find your JLB. I told you last night, find your new hustle man. There's more ways to make money than to take from somebody. Man can. There's more ways than That. Some of you got some money right now. Some of you up get you legit business. Odoo something with the money. Put It back for your family man. Don't blow it. Don't buy all That jewelry. Don't Odoo all That. It ain't worth it man. It's a bad investment. That your money in something else. I I had just made an investment. I thought I made investment with my Pastor but I didn't get my return if I would've just invested That money in her and know, tell how much money I would have now. but I learned my lesson Odoo. You hear me? TRASHH Sugar Day. Go to my Pastor TRASHH. Ha. I had to Odoo this to you. I gotta Odoo it. Sometimes you gotta hold people accountable. Sometimes people gonna think you'll go all the way. But I did tonight. I gonna sleep in my church mad right now. They sad. They can't believe I did this and did. And We wanted Odoo it and I did tomorrow night man at the game here. Nashville, TSU baby Eddie George can't wait to watch the young man take That Field and Odoo What. They Odoo. Can't wait to watch Coach Prime them at nine 15. Odoo, What, They Odoo. It's a lovely thing man. What a time to be alive, baby. We gonna lost so many people this this year and over the years, man. but you You can gonna never give up. Always continue to chase your dreams man. Never tell nobody. Let nobody tell you. What. You can and you can't. Odoo You can be anything in this room. You wanna be See I'm the M Figurer man. I'm the Inspirator man. can I can Odoo It. You can Odoo It. I'm telling you real It was times four or five years ago. I didn't know where I was going to be. I didn't. but I had Faith That, I will stay down. Odoo, right? God will make a way. Odoo. You hear me? God will make a way for you. I don't care. What you going through in your life. How times get hard for you. Somebody watching the show probably having suicidal thoughts, being depressed. You watching my show? I'm getting you back to life. That's What. I'm supposed to Odoo baby. Don't stop man. Keep it going man. Got a young woman tonight. She gonna give you some. I'm just stroking you. Eat It It from the motherfucking back. I don't care if it stink That. You hear me? I don't care if That thing stink. Eat it anyway. Be a gremlin. Be aggressive. She come into the room going and get naked. I can't Odoo it. I gotta have all the lights out That motherfucker. You think it's a power eye way. I get naked in the room when it's dark and the lights on. I got my clothes on the lights. but Buck Naked. Show my public health. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight. I see Yaga Ma Night after Can after Rago beat Kansas. State you shit boy. Odoo out. Peace.


The Volume on CBS Sunday. You find people right? We're all looking for something. I Odoo. Hi. I'm a reward Facts, justice. Truth and Coulter Shaw, I'm gonna Odoo everything I can. Won't stop until he finds it. Making Sure you haven't done anything Stupid. I don't wanna talk about It. That sounded suss. Justin Hartley Stars. I'm here to help you in the CBS Original Tracker. A new season starts CBS Sunday kicking off. CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus High Five Casino High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits.


At High Five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at High Five Casino dot com High Five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number Five Casino dot com. High Five Casino


Hear That pumpkin. That's fall calling. And the pumpkin Spice Latte is back at Starbucks. From That first sweater to late autumn weather. It's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET Plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET Plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET Plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET Plus with the premium monthly plan. For a limited time, new subscribers stream for up to 50% off. BET Plus has Culture on lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks, and new series you'll love


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings You can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.