
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal flag. Coles Wedell, Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume. What's up everybody? What's up everybody Man, come to y'all today at noon. 1202. 1203 Dub late motherfucker. I ain't never late. I'm the boss. Don't that sound good? I'm the boss. I ain't got no motherfucking time clock or nothing to be punching in. I punch you in when I get ready. Y'all don't get to work on time either, but tell the me we on time. Stop it. Thank y'all for joining My black but today on this show man, hit the like button man. Hit the subscribe button.


Turn your notifications on if they ain't already been turned on today. I'm feeling good. It's Tuesday. It's a lot going on in the world today and we going to have fun. We going to talk about it. Know y'all seen Anthony Davis this last night fo two points fo two years. It's one he gave the shorter hors last night. That big yellow school bus mother about. I thought I'd never come over here and say, but I'm gonna say it today. Anthony Davis is an MVP candidate in the NBA right now. Average in 26 points.


12 rebound this big motherfucker. I thought he was Lou Al yesterday. My bad fucking youngsters don't know who I'm talking about when I say Lou Ce. I mean Kareem a dude. Your boy. Guess who I thought he was last night. He coming down half court. He called him for the ball. I know you wanted bro. But you get your old ass out the way I got this. I like what JJ Red doing? Beating him down on the block. On the on the wing. He catch it. He can turn around, he can see what the defense doing If you lagging out, come on, I'm gonna bust your nose. If you gonna play off of Anthony Davis, he going to bust your nose.


He's shooting 52% from the field. 52% that mean he beat mind. And I like what he said a couple days ago, I play better at the four. That's what the Lakers need to be working on getting him a big man and letting him play at the four. But let me tell you Lakers and gentlemen something here tonight when Anthony Davis step on the floor for the Los Angeles Lakers, he is the best player on that damn team. And I know I'm a LeBron fan, don't get me wrong. I love LeBron but he ain't the best on the team no more. He 45 years old. He ain't the best no more and trust me, that's okay.


LeBron is like they the F three 50 and them white people, families that been passed down for from generation to generation still run like a chip. But he got a million miles on that motherfucking truck. That's LeBron James. He a 1985 Ford three 50 dual the truck. That's what he is still look good, still run good. But he got miles on him. That damn motor been overhauled two or three times. That's what you got in bru. Bru ain't taking over the games no more. Sometime he can but Morgan than not is Anthony Davis. If the Los Angeles Wi Lakers let the offense run through Anthony Davis, we going be all right.


We in the fifth spot. Right motherfucker now with the team we got now we in the fifth spot. Oh y'all ain't gonna do nothing Shit. You see we beat Boston. Boston ain't been the same since Lakers bigger Rockys Bigham last night. I'm loving what I'm seeing for my Lakers right now. We just one or two pieces away and I know y'all get it. How many pieces bro get Once and for all for the last mother freaking time. LeBron James is 45 years old. No he ain't Dub he 40. That motherfucker lost her 19 songs ago. LeBron Ball had getting ball 19 summers ago and y'all know it.


Boy ain't no damn thought it boy was in the sixth grade four mustache. He had Rick, he had the Rick Rothberg in sixth grade. LeBron did. I'm not lying. Ask my good people up in Cleaver. Ask my good friend Brian Win Horse. Y'all know Brian Windhorst up there? Espn but the dude who followed LeBron his whole career, shout out to Brian Windhorst by the way I love you brother. That's one of the dudes that I do like up there in in in that media where besides Stephen a and unc now I like Brian Hurst. What he's able to do, he keep it 100. He going fake it. I love what he's doing but Anthony Davis is the best player on the Lakers right now. And you got ar ar 15 but for me he's not consistent so we need to get somebody else in them that ain't gonna put it in his mind.


If I gonna come on with it, I'm gonna be on the motherfucking bench. That's what you gotta do with these players man. You got to have some competition. Ain't no competition going on. They come into camp. I know I'm the starter. No, no look you ain't the star. You gonna run for this job. Just like out here in the real world, you got this one chick and you got another chick, you don't know which one you want. But for the most men, whoever giving the best hand and whoever ain't talking that much shit. And who going be on my team now Tell me I'm lying. You got two motherfucker women, you like both. One rung her mouth and one don't. The one who gonna run her mouth, she give good head. Who you gonna keep around? The one who gonna run her mouth and one who give her best head.


That's who you keep lying. I'd rather keep a motherfucker who got good head who ain't got no money than a motherfucker who fine and head trash. I think it any day of the week. I'm just telling him what I'm seeing right now from Anthony Davis. Y'all he ain't no he been playing been hurt one or two games but he right back out on the floor. He's more vocal now. Do you hear me Anthony Davis more vocal. I'm seeing him barking and I know where it's coming from. Ladies and gentlemen, Anthony Davis is on that pet Smart Milk. I'm telling you right now. He on that Pet Smart Milk.


I'm telling you that dog milk is what he on go pinch for right there. That's what Anthony Davis on. That's why it's bone strong right now. I can't pronounce that damn word and I ain't going to try but that's what Anthony Davis on y'all and he go I'm going to a Laker game next week. I can't wait. I'm pulling up from bro ad what's up Ain't running a a jersey too. It's all about the Lakers. Lakers and six. I know we ain't been been able to beat Denver in the playoffs but damn it, if we face Devil this year we will beat them. There's something going on beside them wildfires out there. They ain't the only thing that's on fire. Anthony Davis on fire right now looking like Tim Dawkin looking like a Kevin Garnet.


See say what you want. Oh duh Dang. Say what you want. You ain't think we'll be in the fifth spot. Right. I know damn well I didn't but we in the fifth spot and I'm loving it Sometime Lakers is back. Do you hear me? The Showtime Lakers is back packed. Everybody wanna keep talking about you got Kobe Kareem Magic Johnson sack then YI was slowly trying to put LeBron in the mix at the Laker shit. They might be ad I'm changing this name to Anthony Dangerous that say all right Anthony s he gonna make or believe I me he has made a believer I me seeing that big man rung the flow.


See when big man rung the flow you get rewarded. You gonna gotta rebound. You gonna got a block shot, you can ran your bad Tesla robot form ass down the court. I'm gonna give you the ball nickel because I'm liking what I'm singing from you. Same way, same way. You gotta treat it now. Same way Anthony David doing right now. It would lead them to nothing but success right now. Switching topics. We gotta move over to what Jimmy Butler is doing down in the Miami Heat. Jimmy Butler down in the Miami Heat hit them. He this the third motherfucker incident. This the third motherfucking incident Jimmy Butler doing Now I'm I'm I'm from this type of world.


Jimmy Butler say he don't wanna be in South Beach. Well if you gonna wanna be in South Beach, bye. I had you a plane ticket tomorrow the same motherfucking plane you miss. You better not miss this one because this because you on your way out. I love Jimmy Butler. I do but some things you gotta quit doing. Some things you gotta quit doing. The first one was the First time they said what they said was three, he done got suspended three times in one month. The first one was conduct detrimental. That's a fancy way of saying this nigga ass acting up. That's how the white fo said conduct dirt. Your mutual took a team. No, no. Hell no. Hell no. The second one what was the second one?


He missed a flight. Come on fam. I done missed a bus ticket or two a bus or ride or two but a flight. Come on fam you can't be missing no motherfucking flight. Got the team waiting on you two and three hours. Come on now the third one was he walked out practice because they told him he wasn't going start no more. Who gives a damn 40 million damn room? Hell how come I lost a farm kipping before the game if I had to for 48 million. I don't give a damn just pay me. I don't like that that they he he losing money.


I don't like the fact players lose money man. I know he's super rich. I ain't counting this pocket but fam get all you can get in this league. Get all the money you can get. Don't give them motherfuckers nothing. Don't give them nothing Vince where you at? You trying to get a ring or not? Here I'm Milwaukee. You trying to get another ring with potato salad Fa docs Ripple go and get him. Couldn't be me. I had him on my team. If I'm Orlando Magic I go down there right down the road and get Jimmy Butler put him with Batel. See Cleveland go again. Put him with garlic, put him with Darvan Mitchell watch what he do but you gotta have a motherfucking talk with him though.


Jimmy Butler ISS one them player that you gotta have a talk with before he stepped foot on the court. Look here fam, I love what you can do on the court But let me tell you something. I'm the big dog here and you gonna do what I say you going to do or your ass won't touch this court see them other mother 'cause might be scared of you but I'm not and you know I'm quoting Debbie from Friday night. See if I was a man, I whoop myself y'all. That's what I tell Jimmy if I was a little bit taller, a little bit stronger I whoop your way myself and what Pat Riley say? I say take your ass home.


That's what Pat Riley told Jimmy Butler. I say take your ass home. I tell you what to do. I told LeBron what to do. I told LeBron you might be LeBron but there ain't gonna be no cookies on this flight. Was the cookies on that flight? Hell no. And Maverick and Rich never, they won't travel on this damn team flight. They can fly on their own charter but they won't be on this one LeBron. That's when LeBron then was running up there. The pat trying to fire Eric fo I knocked on Eric. Do you hear me? Pat Riley and Eric Sporter is like coke. It's like good coke. I am do you hear me?


I shit Pat Riley get a hell of a high off every sports. Do you hear me? And you think he Finn to get rid of his plug down in Miami? No every sports is the plug down there. He could real No. Oh yeah I thought he was just basketball for Pat Rock. Shit he ain't wearing that back, back for nothing. You know allegedly getting out fucked there in that front office of the South Beach don't you? Don't you think one bitch those motherfuckers don't snort paddle because they do they and making deals That's South Beach. I'm just telling you man. In case y'all y'all didn't know and wonder what's going on down there.


Shop be them motherfuckers ain't power and shit. Ain't them women down there. Them motherfucker friendly. They a box of puppy but I don't play your shit. You can get anything you won't down there too. I'm not bullshit. Shit go down. You ain't gotta have that much money. Take 5,000 down there to Miami. Boy you finna have a time where your motherfucking lied too ain't bullshit. If you ain't never had a white girl, you gonna get you one down nine. Oh my God. Ain't they soft, soft can put they legs up behind they motherfucking and too shit make you call home and tell her you ain't coming back. I'm guessing if you ain't got this right you leave home. I'm not bullshit.


Tell you what God love him


day. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the big take from Bloomberg podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mul who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you listen.


The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. Find resources to help you support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Dot org that's sounded out together. Dot org brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal


Shit. Hey Jimmy, you sure you really want leave South Beach because ain't 200 people. How many people y'all know that go down nigga South Beach and leave South LeBron? He had some other things to take her in Cleveland but who would go down there and leave? Shit You see Chris Boston don't know motherfucking well. Shit. Lil Wayne did all kind of nasty thing to Chris boss girl. Do you think he carried? Hell no. Miami gay boy was what hundred something. Shit I'm not going baby you leaving Uhuh. I ain't evil. Chris Bo wasn't no basketball player. He wouldn't have that kind of motherfucking woman and y'all nowhere.


I like Bo taking advantage of his opportunities. That's what some of us gotta do right now. Y'all be hating on the people on the nerves and stuff. Who wasn't getting no girls in high school Now they getting all the girls. Y'all mad now nigga some of y'all getting in high school. Some of y'all were best football playing in high school but when football high school was over you was over. You didn't know how to move forward. Some of us still stuck in the past now man I used to run for four touchdown back in the day. Now you old girl running and hitting rocks behind buildings star running back, smoking rocks. What that do a hat. And I know live happens and I know life happening happened to my family members.


I got family members on drugs. I'm just, I got a brothers on drugs. I ain't shit I I'll never give up here and down. Nobody on that. I'm just telling you how some people was in high school, they were this and that and they can look at some of us as as as you was going to be successful in life. They look down. I know I would look down. You ain't gonna never do nothing, live this and that. I could easily go back to my school and throw in they face. But that ain't how I am. I don't care nothing about that. I'm just telling you man some people be stuck on the path. You got to move forward baby. I don't give a damn what you was in 1998 nigga what you is today. We got some people that's watching this show right now. Went to prison when they were younger but they ain't the same people.


They was no more. They changed. I don't give a damn what the system say. I don't give a damn that the system say you a Adam, you, you aggravating yourself. What devil was then? You like me different now I believe in second chances. So when my motherfucking baby mama cheat on me, I forgive. I gave you how many niggas you sleep with baby. Well we been broke over two weeks. I slept with about 10 niggas. That's okay with me. But still love you die still love you. You just bring your funky ass on back home. I need to beat Tim some wise now you gotta learn how to forgive if god forgive you, you got to be able to forgive yourself and forgive others.


I didn't say forget but I say forgive. It's another thing that's going on in the world. We all do everything for laughter but I'm seeing pictures and videos going around of people getting beat up. Everybody laughing. Oh he got beat up. Everybody laughing shining but y'all the same motherfuckers they laughing be crying when that person come back and kill them. Oh they didn't have to do all that. Well they didn't have to do what they did to him. Now you see how that work. You can't get mad how people retaliate. That's all I'm saying. You might slap somebody and somebody come back and bow can't get mad how they come come back. Words never hurt me. Words don't make me wanna put hands on nobody. Long as you don't touch me I'm good even though I can't fight but I scratch your ass.


No I can't fight but I will scratch and claw and bite. You gonna know you thought you got into a goddamn fight with Barber. If you touch me speak watch what happened. Think you got into a fight with a wild cat. I'm all on your ass. That's just me. I'm just saying just words. That's all it is. It's just words. Don't let what people say about you hurt you. If you know you not there. You keep pressing forward. You keep moving. You got some people on your job right now's watching this show. Don't like you hating on you want you to get fired but you keep doing your motherfucking thing. Don't pay on people no mind when you got your new car that says you wasn't gonna be able to pay for it. Just what?


You still got your new car? Yeah when you went to church and come some old schools on. You got your got you new suit. I ain't got him a new suit. You make God a little money. He ain't gonna laugh but you steady buying sos after sos after sos. See what you eat don't make me shit. Do you understand what I'm saying to y'all y'all some of y'all be watching social media like oh man I wish I had that live. Them same people that you wishing had live the motherfucker have migraines every day of the week now do you want a migraine? Hell no you don't. You better off where you at. I know sometimes we be looking over girl man the grass green over there. That motherfucker ain't always green. That motherfucker feel.


I'm telling you from experience. I'm been right there where you at? Sitting in the same church I am. Who you are? I'm cut from the same cloth y'all cut from. I ain't no better than y'all. I used to think that man I know H man. I know that motherfucker doing they thing over there when you get over there the motherfucker broken than me. Do you hear me bro than me whole time shit. I'm trying to get right shit. Whole time I'm old boy I boy you ain't gotta sit around and think what Trump doing. God their trunk doing it. He got that new group ice out there like they like they the new Avengers Phil they was in Chicago.


Y'all seen it. Dr. Phil was with 'em riding around doing a documentary with ice. It don't matter what color you are. White black men they own your ass and them seeing a lot of black folk. Come on duh. Man they after black folk. They after every damn body. I'm I I y'all starting to piss me off with the way y'all think y'all got slave mentalities think oh man he only looking now for white folk. Lemme tell you something man. Every white person ain't rich. Trump deal with the rich young people deal with billionaires. Do you hear me? Niggas who got 10, 20 white people that got five or $10 million. Trump don't give a fuck about to him. They puppies to him.


They frenches. He deal with the cane corso Elon Musk do you hear me? He might be a lot of things but he gonna give a fuck. I buy penis. It's billions in up with this dude. Him and I went to my favorite burrito spot today to try to get something to eat. That motherfucker were closed So I drive around back I see I side the motherfuckers acting fast too. The motherfucker better than child support. They will fine you. They will fine you now. I don't want everybody that's illegal to go. I don't. I ain't gonna lie. I don't I I want some of 'em to stay over here but for the most part shit you trump acting fast too on no motherfucking bills.


And I'm telling you now don't be scared. Do what you been doing and you going be okay. But they, they ain't bullshitting. They go for all cuts because I'm seeing some of y'all on here crying man. You always making it about rape. No now I don't make it about rape. I just tell it like it is and you motherfucker just don't want hear your motherfucker get that. The bullshit they gonna put us through over the year. They don't like hearing the truth. But it's the truth. I'm not holding it to you. I'm just telling you I'm not gonna forget. I forgive but I don't forget and neither should you. I forgave my baby mama for cheating on me. But I ain't forgot.


Told her little cousin come over here. Come on, come on putting all this one inch scoop and she can't pick it either. She a good liar. I stuck this one inch in my girl cousin. She doing all this putting her hand in my chair. How you gonna put your hand on my chest? I ain't got my one hand in chair. Stop it. Stop it. And I'm talking to her like unc. Who? Yeah. You like all this one big dog. See for me, no I ain't working with nothing. I it but God bless me with some money 'cause I ain't working with nothing.


How y'all feeling today man? Hope y'all feeling great man. Hopefully I'm uplifting some of y'all today man. Some of y'all act like your spirit ain't right. I'm trying to get your spirit right. The devil want your spirit baby. We ain't gonna let 'em get it man. You done got promoted and like a new job you done post it on social media and nobody said nothing. Nobody said nothing. When you say you got a new job but when you got online and post it Man I'm a big old boy when I see him every you got a million likes. You got a million likes When you say you wanna harm somebody on social media but soon as you say you got a promotion that your new job you niggas ain't seeing nothing. But I'm pretty tell you congratulations.


Keep up the good. You want the truth. You in the right motherfucking spot. You want somebody to lie to you. This ain't the spot. This ain't the spot for you. I'm gonna keep you real over here on The Bubba Dub Show. So if you follow me and watching me you a real nickel. Yeah nickel. Not saying it actually ain't worth nickel like 5 cents. And to the women that's watching me thank you to the women that's watching me. Hopefully your old man watching to them 'cause I got something I want to say to them. If they ain't doing ladies, if the man ain't taking the trash out like they supposed to, that man ain't making love of you like he supposed to.


That man ain't taking the time out to treat you like a motherfucking queen that you are. I want you look that nigga squirt dead in his motherfucking eyes and tell him nigga you trash say it with your chest. There's some women right at the house right now. Them went to work, came home, took a shower. You ain't put no bra on. I don't blame you. You want to let them motherfuckers hang. I got some women watching this show right now. 55 and up. Your kids grown but you can't come home and let your tickets down 'cause your kids got friends over. You tell 'em you don't want nobody in your house no motherfuck anymore. That's your house. You got the right to walk around with them big old motherfuckers out bouncing up and down. You got the right to go in there and cook.


Goddamn boy you get your ass in up ain't cook Nick. I told you I like older women. I ain't got to worry about I'm on my cycle shit. I ain't got to hurt that but I'm old ain't got that. I ain't got hurt that law. All I hear is come over just make sure you ain't got no cold or nothing because I can't be getting sick and I'm over there getting lost No more old now you can't move their legs to a on to a certain degree. That's why I get that old Hoy gummies. I gave that old hoy gummies. That motherfucker turned into one of them zombies. I was called to do it shit. I was running from Nadine shit Goddamn damn.


Nadine got some fire and they head his jacket. Her son calling. I don't even like that nigga but to keep him out my motherfucking business. What? What Junior want and want some money I got he said this his rent. How much is 800? Tell them come get it. Nigga bought that five, I'm paying his rent. I don't give a damn because they D got five bundle them motherfucking trick she wearing. Do you hear me shake you? I wouldn't trade Nadine for nothing in the motherfucking world. She look after me when after I do my show she called and kiss me baby you all right I'm finna bring you a play around now you come on.


She come over I kiss on the neck and slap on the head. Make her feel young again. Same way you women gotta do your man lie to you. Young hoes don't went out here and got an old school nigga. That's your nigga now that's your patient lie to you. Women don't. When out here you 35 got a nigga 65, that's your motherfucking patient. Do you hear me? You better take care of your motherfucking patient or you. You won't get paid. He done got old and can't, can't see like he used to and you want to go on his wallet? No. Oh Stop stealing. Stop stealing. Real nigga like me come around.


I changed his life. I'm getting a hundred pack now. You mad. Well all of a sudden you hungry at all of a sudden. Huh? I fuck I'm gonna die. That nigga fixing gonna die. Give what they want. Say anything when you need your ring card. No pay her done every day. They done all your homegirl wondering when you getting all this money you ain't working. You ain't tell me you fucking Mr. Old ass junk. You ain't tell em that D shit now you going curl the money so good. You on girl. Yeah I'm ready and yeah I'm move. Me and my kid. That's what y'all doing. If whoever you with man let it be known when you with him.


That's all I'm saying. Don't be ashamed of Mr. John wasn't ashamed when you, when he getting that money to you now you want to act like that with him. Don't act like that when Mr. John he don't deserve that. He don't doubt me mad at him because he with your young ass. His daughter come over you over there, you rolling your eyes and shit. Come on baby. Don't act like that. That's your daughter Curf. Y'all lives the same age. That's your daughter. Y'all ought to be doing tiktoks together. Mr. Jones ought to be in there with his homeboy talking about the old time. But he can't 'cause he trying to keep Y off from fighting now you trying to stop Mr. John from taking care of his daughter. Stop it took care of your badass kids. How you gonna tell that man who he can Can't take her up.


Y'all better wake y'all ass up. And I told you once, I'll tell you again ladies, stop sleeping with who you want to and sleep with. Who you need to because who you want to got you running around with kids right now screaming nigga ain't shit that ain't kill you either. Nope. Yeah you fine. Body done. Teeth done. Yeah breast done. Ass done. But nobody want your retarded acting ass don't know how to act. First thing y'all want me say I don't want no nigga. Yeah you want one. You want your yard mo when your car break down you want a nigga to come over there and fix it then you no motherfucking stores can't fix no cars. They can do everything else but those motherfucker stores can't get out there and fix no motherfucking car.


You good cat motherfucker. That's about you Good at and to get change that transmission never God damnit you won't be a man God damnit. Act like we then change that transmission. Jennifer you lie. Don't know I can do it will get your ass out the motherfucking way. Telling y'all the truth. Figure today you want the truth, I'm gonna give it to you. Fuck all y'all can do is eat cat and keep up shit walk around here and mo shirts and shit. But you got breast and I want suck on boy. I don't get down. You will love with Stu.


Turn the motherfucker back to the young woman that they are. Your mama had a dollar. She ain't have no nigga. So when you come over your mama high, you better goddamn dress up like a lady. Do you hear me? I mean dress up like a LA come you run into me in the super supermarkets. I'm holler at your ass. I walk past a fine regular looking woman in a minute to pass her up just for Stu. Come you Mr. I be ma'am. Shit but well shit what you eating tonight? I don't know what you thinking Shit. Crab legs. You know it's good over him with me. It's crab legs every night over him. Shit I got you sword fish.


I got you octopus. I got you. Shit fellas don't let these fucking stu I do. Y'all like that because they will you they'll try You and these stu walk into the house now too. They got ka corso can't even handle them dog dragging them all around the motherfucking on park and shit. I told that Stu you better hold that motherfucking dog. If I don't then what B? I ain't talking one time telling you that. Then you let him go Bow it's so hard to say goodbye to Lucky put lucky ass in that grave and you too.


I'm not playing. I'm talking people together. Me got do I go people out got dog. They don bite. I'm telling you enough that motherfucker bite me, he dead. I been playing Call of Duty too. I'm a gray shooter. Shit I'm hit shot too. I'm diving and rolling around shooting the dog bow but have your shit together around me. Real talk. If you're not watching this show, welcome, welcome to the bubble dub. So I know I done took y'all on a roller coaster from sports to this and that and all that shit. I know I thank y'all for enjoying this ride with me.


This show being presented by Prize Pitch by the way man. Right down on the right hand corner man. You see that right there? That cure card right there. Scan that man type in trash with two Hs. Man you put $5 in, you get 50 Instant Real Talk. I've been turning 'em up to you betting more or less on your favorite player. Ain't gonna be no football for about two weeks. So you got basketball Real Talk. You got the Lakers in the Sixers going at tonight. I'm pretty sure Paul Yards won't be playing 'cause he always in you put your picks in. You ain't just gotta put 'em in on the Lakers and Sixers. You can put 'em in soccer. NHL, wherever else sports that's going on. Prize pick covering, make sure you tap in with us baby. The number one Sports fantasy app, that's actor Real Talk.


And if you can't watch the show and you at work and you can only listen 'cause your boss a hater, then go Apple podcast or type in Spotify bubble do show. Make sure y'all download, let's get this show where it needs to be. Let's elevate this show. Can we do that for you? Boy, I know a lot of y'all be in my dm. A lot of y'all be hitting me back responding. I love it. Thank y'all man. Let's elevate this show y'all. It ain't gonna hurt the shirt. Let the people know this is my show. This who I rock with. I rock with Brooke bro. Keep it 100. I been watching fam do his thing and if you like watching me on him, they come watch me on stage. I'm 30 times better baby. We the ones tour. Mike ips the host.


Hi Davis Country, Wayne Mojo, Brooks, Carlos Miller, Tony Robs, Corey Holcomb Little and you got me. I first stopped this Saturday. We in Minneapolis. Yeah me and Minneapolis. Man grab them tickets. You know I'm coming to shut it down. Get there early, get there early if you wanna see your boy, I might even take some of that PE Smart Milk AE on so I can really be


a John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mall who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections. Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you listen.


Snakes, zombies, public speaking. The list of fears is endless but the real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. Distracted driving is what's really scary and even deadly. Eyes forward. Don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the Ad Council.


Come see me Baton Rouge, Louisiana. February 7th. That Friday. Yeah that's Friday. Baton Rouge February 7th at the silly Rapid bra. Them tickets? Yeah. Baton Rouge. Your boy on his way. I want some combo. You motherfucking right I'm some combo. We your to. I want alligator go. I want some catfish come high. Let your boys going down y'all I'm not playing with you watching this show. This part of the show. What we, what we call the Hill House sitting Show. He knows what he saw. He you Somebody y'all might send me some questions in and I'll give y'all answers.


Somebody hit me up once again. It just not 2 20, 25 ain't been here a whole month yet. Somebody already ask me, Hey fam you think I can borrow a couple dollars? Hell no we not. What that shit? This shit. I know y'all got some people right now. That's already hitting you up. Hey fan, you think I can hold a couple dollars for a little bit? Hell on. No I'm cutting that holding shit out. I got about $7,000 people owe me. I'm just keeping the 100. I ain't got no reason to lie. I got about $7,000 people owe me and people be hitting me up. Hey man think I can get this? Hell no you ain't been hitting me. Don't hit me now. You ain't been hitting me. Don't hit me now y'all ever let somebody borrow some money and they don't even fuck with you no more.


It ain't about giving it back nigga you can give me $15 back. That shit if I gave you a thousand dollars nigga you can give me $15 back. I'm still good. I value our relationship. I never fall out. Nobody behind no funky a money. I can't take that shit with me when I die. But niggas are finding a way to fall out with you behind money. Come on now if we really boys are really family, that shit can never come between us. Never. But people do it. It ain't even gotta be money. You can let somebody borrow a lawnmower or something and motherfucker find a way not to give it back to you. That I don't, y'all watching the show, y'all know I ain't lying. I'm keeping the 100 which appreciate that super sound.


Do I think the Eagles gonna win bro? Let me just say this right here man. The Eagles have a hell of a chance on winning man. But do I think they gonna win? I don't know man. For the simple fact man I, I'm gonna keep watching it regardless, but I feel like this shit rigged man. I feel like they already know who they want to win. I feel like they won't pat my home to get that thorough and I'm not mad at but if they give, if the Eagles wing, I'm not mad at either. Either or I'm not. But I will prefer the Chiefs to win 'cause I'm a cowboy fan. I don't want the Eagles to win a motherfucking thing. But if they do I ain't mad I'm gonna come right on here and talk my shit like I normally do.


So that's my take on it. I ain't got no pick this but I would rather the Chiefs win than the Eagles. But if the Eagles win, I ain't tripping both black quarterbacks Jalen hers from down here in Hce time. I ain't doing no tripping either way. It's gonna be a great game. I'm gonna be out there New Orleans by the way. Having a Super Bowl watch party at Dave and Busters. You welcome to come. Excuse me, pull up on me if you want to. We're gonna have a ball down in Super Bowl man. Just gonna have a lot of fun man. Hopefully if you're around that area man you could, you could pull up on me and come to the show and just have fun. Life's about having fun man. You know some people don't live to get our age man. You know I'm in my late, late thirties man.


I feel to say late forties. No I ain't not yet. But I don't get the pretty I I do but a lot of people live one life bro. When I say one life, I mean like they never go nowhere. They never get to enjoy they money ain never get to enjoy. You gonna have to have a lot of money to enjoy life. Don't, don't get me wrong on that, but I always say this man, you have to get out somewhere and see life differently man. I mean I never went nowhere really as a kid. I the only place I ever went from Alto, Louisiana. They in hour and a half that was outside the tech man. I ain't in Texas but I'm right down the road though. But when I started going to Atlanta, Georgia, California, North Carolina, I started traveling like, oh man, it gets more to life than where I'm at.


Like damn, I'm really behind on seeing shit and, and learning different cultures and eating different foods. So if my thing is, if you can get out and enjoy life, do it man. Don't be just stuck in one spot and and and not enjoying it. I think that sucked. Honestly. I think that sucked. I I you know, I know some people who ain't never went nowhere but, but to Las Vegas and that's okay with them. They been to Las Vegas. They ain't nothing in Las Vegas. Ain't nothing but a damn desert with a, with a bunch of buildings in casino. That's all it is. But it's fun though. And that's who run the NFL? That's who run Sports Vegas.


If you know, you know, if you know, you know I think it's a casino in Kansas, in Kansas City, Missouri ain't always on the Kansas side. Let me know because there's two, it's Kansas City and the Kansas City, Missouri and no motherfucker down there will let you know too. So I think it's a casino down there if y'all don't understand the mafia. That's what some of most of migrated to was Kansas City. That's what that's, that was the hub. But do y'all research on that shit or give a passport? That's too, I got my passport. Matter of fact right here. Funny you say that brother got my passport right here. I I I can go anywhere I wanna go but most of all, if you don't go nowhere and you got little chain, take your kids somewhere, at least take 'em somewhere.


Take 'em to Disney World. I was able to take my kids to Disney World this year and man it was meant a lot to me to be able to do that, to take 'em to Disney World and we stayed the whole week. They could get whatever they wanted to get and it wasn't me wasn't like man, it wasn't me counting my pocket like damn man shit gone ready to go. It wasn't one of day like we can stay here how long as we want. You know what I'm saying? That's where I work hard for. I always wanted to be able to do that. I tell my kids, y'all can go shopping and get whatever you want. You know what I'm saying? I'll be like, hey, hey, hey now, hey now you gonna spend four, $500. That's enough. So I thank God for that man to, to be in the position that I'm in right now and I'm steady working. This is, I got plenty more things to do.


I got plenty more people out here in the world to help. And whether it's financially, whether it's mental, whatever it is, man, I I'm, I feel like I'm on God's got me here to help people and that's what I wanna do. Whether it's motivating, hopefully if you watching me, hopefully I motivate you honestly man. I'm, I'm telling you, I i I really come from the mud people get on here and lie. I really come from the mother mud man. And I know some people in the industry don't like me 'cause I am where I'm at right now because of hard work and, and and and the way I could talk this sports shit man. I ain't never played sports professionally but I could tell you about what I see. It's only my opinion but I'm just gonna tell it like it is. Some players get mad, some don't.


But I'm only calling your play trash. I'm not calling you as a person trash. I'm calling you play. Last night you were throw for 18 trash. Now if you don't think you were trash last night, what motherfucking teeth you looking at? That's all I'm saying. That's my job to motivate you. Hey you better than that big dog. I know we all here. I know we all ain't gonna have good nights from the field. I know we ain't gonna have good nights throwing the ball but majority of the time you got to be on point. That was separated Jordan, Kobe and LeBron and and and TM Max and and Vince car and them from the world. They didn't have that many off nights from shooting the ball. Drew Brees didn't have that many bad games or throwing inter Simpson.


That's all I'm saying. Hell if y'all come to my comedy show and I ain't funny what y'all gonna say? Trash. That's all I'm saying. So I got to be on point at all Mo to times. Especially in that bedroom. That's why I'm on the PDs like I told y'all I stay on stay them. You should too. It's Tuesday kids at school, she end up walking around washing clothes and doing this and that. Tap on that ass boy you better stop. No you better stop.


Shit come on in here kitchen table wherever you at. I wear your ass out. A lot of times y'all be going to people houses and sitting on them couches. Them people been fucking all on that couch. But watch when you sit down on people h people houses, watch what you sit them people be getting down and dirty on that motherfucking couch. They don't even say nothing neither. They be sneaking and ringing in the background. You don't know what's going on because five minutes ago she was free eagle. She was free Eagle on that motherfucking couch. That's why it smelled like steal corn chips in there when you walked in. They in there doing that dude he sweating and shit. My bad bro. I I was taking a nap nigga. Stop lying you nigga ass.


And ain't nothing wrong with eating as, I don't know if y'all just seen it come up. It came up on news. They it's a new study that I told y'all. Y'all thought I was lying y'all duh. You be lying. I'm telling y'all it was a new study eating as, eating as Kirk council. I said a mouth full today. I say eating ass could counsel. So if anybody out there that dealing with counsel, I hate counsel eat you some ass dog. Hell eat you some ass nigga Cur. I don't give a damn if you stage five eat you some ass counsel Don and I do mean don't trash of today going to Jerry Jones trash.


You and Steven get sitting up there doing them interviews. Y'all seen what Steven Jones said quote unquote. 'cause we ain't been to the Super Bowl motherfucker. We ain't going. If I can't talk to my father, y'all tell my father, Hey fat bro pops you gotta cut this shit out man. You gotta turn this motherfucker over with me. You gotta turn it over with me 'cause your way ain't working dog. I'm saving you from yourself. Sometimes we gotta do that with some of the people around us. Sometimes we gotta save people from myself. You gotta a homeboy to get drunk. Talking loud bro. Chill out dog man. Fuck all that. I'll whoop everybody in here bro. Chill out. Nah nigga let me go. I let the motherfucker go and get knocked out So you gotta show people sometime.


He didn't wanna listen man, you let him get knocked out. That's what he wanted. That's what he wanted. Jimmy Jones don't mean there's no damn good. He running up billions. Why I broke asses down here complaining. That's the way they look at it. Don't you think? They don't, don't nigga going to get mad and complain but they still going what? Buy tickets to this damn stadium or they gonna watch us on tv. That's the way them owners look at it. They gonna make money regardless. Who all gonna stop watching the NFL and white people tried this shit when Kaepernick was kneeling. It didn't work.


I ain't watching it no damn murder shit. Hell, he's kneeling and you got the people that was, you got the, the Army, Navy. All the motherfuckers saying they wasn't no problem what Kaepernick was doing. All 'em saying this is right, this is, and you hear folks still complain. I ain't watching it no more. The motherfucker glued to the TV behind closed door. I ain't watching in the face. I don't know what's going on. Soon as they go home, don't let people lie to you. Don't let these folks lie to you. They good at manipulating us man. Making us look dumb and all that. We ain't dumb. We know what the freak going on around here. You ain't fucking continue to fool us either. We know what's up. That's why I say play your role.


Do what you been doing. Ain't nothing gonna stop. Keep doing what you doing for anything. Keep speed it up. When I say speed it up mean work hard or not keep work hard. People gonna talk about you whether you doing good or bad. Y'all do you understand? I been, I said some shit and it done come true the whole time I was on here. People never said nothing about th man y'all ain't gonna never smile this and that got my teeth done. I compartment now they hey th th duh. Your teeth gonna fall out. I ain't got dentures motherfucker. I still got my teeth. They porcelain veneers. I seen so many people now say something about my teeth because they can't fucking afford the fuck you worried about my mouth.


That be the most people who can't afford 'em. Talking to people who conform that shit. Nigga do your thing nigga. Niggas be hating what Chris Brown said, nigga be hating outside the club and you can't even get in. I'm gonna show these big white mother all day every day. God damnit I bought them. I'm gonna smile. Real talk. Thank y'all for tuning into The Bubba Dub Show man. I see y'all again when I see y'all. Peace and love, blessings. Make sure y'all shirt is, make sure y'all shirt is, make sure you get in the chat bubble do Mer will be here next week. I see y'all Minneapolis this Saturday.


We go warns tour, man. I wanna say thank y'all for tuning in on this Tuesday evening. I know some of y'all at work, man. I appreciate it. From the bottom of my heart man. Don't think I don't man. Follow me on IG bubble dub 94 Facebook, like page Bubble dub jr. Follow me man. Appreciate y'all love. Hope everybody have a great day. I know some people watching the show be playing the lottery. I hope you win that motherfucker. I hope that female that's been making you wait on their funky cat. Hope to get it the night and you don't talk to her no more The Volume.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning. You write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.