
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Holiday magic is in the air and Ds W's Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or dsw.com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you re ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp NA person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


This is John Minoff from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is, it's on eBay, they've got everything, brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love The Volume.


Yo, come on in here. Yeah, come on in here. Welcome to the Bubble Do Show Sunday Night Edition. Come on in here because I got a lot to talk about tonight and I hope you ready to listen because I'm gonna talk Hit the like button right now. Yeah, go hit the like button right now. Don't hit the subscribe button. Yep, go ahead and subscribe and turn your, keep your notifications on don't you Cut them motherfuckers off because you gonna wanna know when I'm dropping over him dropping number Heat know we just got through watching the Chiefs and the Chargers. We gonna get to that in a minute.


But let me start to show out with the Buffalo Bills and the LA Ram. I won't. Matt do staff ass tested right now. Him and I want him drug tested right now. I ain't seen a quarterback ain. A wide receiver hook up like that says Thomas Edward Brady and Randy Moss. What does Guy come from? Where he coming? Why? What is it Catching? Everything ball ring catches with his and shit. I ain't never seen nothing like the way he was dragging his toes today. He was dragging it like Michael Jackson do when he was doing the moonwalk. What these damn rams come from.


It's the weed thing. That's what it ain't nobody been talking about the Rams. Oh yeah. All a sudden now they kicking ass. I think Matthew staff are eating on eating that Mexican meat. That's what I think. That ain't no, that ain't aint he B meat eating. They ain't Walmart meat eating. They got Kroger's meat. That Mexican market meat, he getting up there in LA then it's the best. Say what you want about the Mexican but they got the cheapest meat on the market. Might catch me at a few of the markets shopping or something. If you see me mind your business and my name ain't do no more at the Mexican meat markets. It's in your dog.


My last night that Bubba do, Bubba Bubba Hernandez. That's what you call me when you see me up in the, how y'all doing tonight? They Buffalo Defense train can't stop, shit can't stop. Shit. Matthew staff went up and down the field, did whatever he wanted, had three 20 passing yards. Do you hear me? Said hold on, y'all keep talking about the Eagles. Y'all keep talking about the lion. What about us? We coming, don't forget four, five years ago Matthew Stafford won. They won the Marine with them Rams. Oh. But we forgot about that. They ain't the same team.


They ain't got bad knees injury. Odell Beckham Jr. Over there no more. Yeah but oh yo old boy retired over there. Y'all know who I'm talking about? The defensive Ian over there. He retired. I can't think of his name right now on the tip of my tongue. But he was one of the greatest defensive players that ever played a game. He can't retire so people kind of wrote the la la smoking weed rims out. But they right here, they showed me something today and I'm talking about the bill offenses there, Josh Allen. Hey bald out. I I, I ain't got nothing to say to the offense. It's all defense DeMar Hamlin what your ass at?


God bless you with another chance and you stinking it up. I need you to make a play. I need you to get your badass off the field so my office can get on the field and score. Y'all couldn't get off the field for nothing. Time. I look around Cooper Cook, uc, Kyrene Williams, Steve Ear, goddamn Jerry Seinfield. Every time LA Ram wants to do something they done it. It's getting good. Ladies and gentlemen, the NFL is good and good do y'all hear me? I gotta get credit with credit do La Ram y'all got me on. I'm watching now. I'm paying attention and I'm on here Monday morning Matt and his ride receiver got drug tested.


Y'all drug tested everybody else drug testing him drug test them. Right. Damn. Now staff 49 years old still throwing the ball like he 23. He ain't lost no now. I mean he ain't face y'all. Yeah LA Rams here y'all. I don like this gentlemen in case y'all don't know what's going on now it's three teams down in the NC. Yeah I I know y'all thinking man what about Washington? I don't trust Washington no Playhouse. Why they ain't put out hit out in 30 years.


Wale, you ain't put head out in 30 years Pam. It's time for you to get back in the booth. It's time for you to watch them them dreads and let's get to it. I rock with Wale. Rale a dope artist but you ain't dropped nothing. You ain't dropped no hits in them minute. All about the hits from me. Party B you running around this motherfucker crying talking about you spending 3 million a month, get your big flat ass on the road. No said y'all stop making babies. Stop making babies. Damon not going on in the world right now. JZ getting accused of rape. I don't like that shit. One bit allegedly and y'all trying to bring every, y'all trying to bring down every black legal we got.


Puff ain't never been illegal. He always been top of the Boogie Bandit clan. That's it. None of y'all bringing HOV in this mess. I don't like it. JayZ ain't right no mother 12, 13-year-old when he got five as Beyonce up there or whoever else he won't. That's the ho age took paid. Y'all better stop playing with Hov name like that. I don't like it. Look at the black people we need to rally around ho and I ain't mean that that marching shit either. That marching shit dead. All that marching and and peaceful ass protests never. How do white folks, white folks don't march?


What they do? They storm. You ain't never heard no white people march. You always heard them storming the couch. God damnit we gonna store the courtrooms when they try to bring holes in now we gonna get this dismissed immediately. That's the difference between us and black white folk man ain't they much different. Just a little bit. We march and protest white people see it, they see it, they storming get out the motherfucking white boy away when they came through that capitol shit you were Bud Lights everywhere in the in the White House yard Wasn't brothers see wasn't a brother on, on on on the streets that day.


Them white boy wasn't bullshit. How come together we to do nothing come together when we gonna unify we gonna have some unity When the church gonna start back letting me eat again on Sundays. There's a whole lot of things I don't like what's going on when gas don't go down when y'all hold gonna start back selling stamps when the cowboy gonna win another Super Bowl again. Damnit these questions I want know tonight much going on for me. Sorry I got off track. Y'all let me get back to the game in hand.


But the Rams got something. Bill's got something too but the defense got to be be beat better if I'm on the plane, I'm on the offense. I'm talking, I'm talking cash money. Shit took a defense to the heck The defense coordinator, defense assistant linebacker coach. I don't give a damn if a defense I'm going off but my Steeler fans said where y'all at? Y'all done went down there and beat blind ass Jamus Winston. That's what you supposed to do. You ain't getting no points from me. Steeler from beating up on them blind ass browns. You're not getting nothing from me. Jamus is who we thought he was. He'll throw too and he gonna give away too.


Love Jamus. I want him to get paid after this season but the boy need to do something with his goddamn eye. I thought a Cobra spiting his damn eyes. That's why he couldn't see the second hand. A Cobra, a spitting Cobra spit and Jamus wins to nine. That's I'm blaming it on. He played good firsthand. Second hand missing in action. Damn speeches only work for two quarters. Russell Wilson had a 15 for twenty six, a hundred fifty eight yards, two tees, no interception. Nija Harris 16 Carrie 53 Yard Jamus blind Winston 24 for 41.


222 yard two pitch two touchdown. Judge Judy five for 64. Nick Chubb 11th 48. At the end of the day the turnovers with the Browns is what's costing them. You know Jamus Blind Winston will have you in the game but he will throw you outta the game And it ain't even that. He just exciting to watch because you gonna never know what he gonna do. It's his mannerism, it's his faces that he make throughout the game that make you entertain to watch the Cleveland Brown. I'm sorry to say this you but if I'm the Cleveland Brown, I'm not bringing Massage Parlor Watson back. He you through. Do you hear me? Messiah Paul wa you through praying you come back from a come praying, you come back from that, from that injury.


Hope you get back healthy and all that. But you through in Cleveland them bone through singing Mother it through with you. See you at the cross rub. See you at the cross rub. You going be lonely shit you through and I'm Cleveland Brown, I'm giving James Blind Winston a three year deal, a $95 million deal. 60 guaranteed I can do better with that than what I got now. 250 million with BA saw Paul was he limit Houston T sold. Y'all are women. He a 2018 Bitly with Savage titles.


That's Massage Parlor was god damn Steel. What's the Steelers record? Ten three looking real cool Damn steel shit they bad still they bad. And I love to see Mike tumbling still ain't never had no losing record in a season. I love it. I'm all for that now. Switching girls to college. Eric Bmy, you know the offensive coordinator that was with the roster commanders that we was hoping and wishing we got a job. I'm here to tell y'all right now y'all he ain't worth a damn everywhere he go his ass getting released putting out them fake ass statements. Ah we just wanted to partway no we didn't.


They wanted get rid of your ass and they did. I wanna go back to the NFL. Don't nobody want you, I think all this huffing and puffing talking shit to everybody and you ain't damn you gonna down Eric I'm thinking you one of them ones when you with with with the cheese when they won. I'm like shit, shit you wasn't doing nothing but drinking coffee and eating donuts. You shit your ass down somewhere. A big pan leg wearing ass. You shit your ass down somewhere Jack learn smile happen, sit down somewhere. Ain't done nothing but that damn Russell Wilson know that, that that, that that that smooth motherfucker is coming and came up there in Pittsburgh and change the culture.


I'm talking about winning culture, about believing that we can go all the way. They ain't had that belief in a minute since touchy, touchy big being retired. They ain't had that kind of feeling in a long time up there. Now they really feel and they really believe they can go and win this. That's and that's all it take is a team to win and believe in they self. That's all it take these days man Eagles. Y'all seen what y'all did to the Carolina and your damn near Lost GI Gilly. You running around here bragging your damn near loss to the Carolina Grasshop. I don know what's going on with Jaylen sipping her but he ain't throwing the ball like he supposed to throw it. They relying on SA right now and it's working.


Hey every every game Saquon got over one 20 something yard rushing the Philadelphia Eagles run game down pass the game ain't there. And I know the fans watching the game like th man I ain't gonna lie man. You be, you being honest. I know damn well I'm the offense game ain't there yet and I don't know, I don't really know if they can get it there. I don't. I I if they do it's lights out but right now Jalen Hurts is not throwing the ball. Wolf A down. I don't know what's going on with him but the Eagles, if y'all wanna go on and compete for a championship, you going to need him to be able to throw the ball better than what he's been throwing it because Best Trust and believe they gonna start putting eight, nine people in the box to stop Saco.


Can he throw a about consistently to get y'all over the top because Detroit gonna be right there waiting on your ass. No the Rams gonna be right up regular hit but on y'all ass. How y'all feeling today though Man? It was some good games today man watching the Eagles because Raj Young threw a na ball at the end to the receiver. He just dropped it. If he catch that they might just win that game. They might just win that game. Shout out to the Eagles though, y'all rocking and rolling right now. The game we just got through watching the Chiefs and the LA Chargers.


Let me just say this, you gotta keep Patrick Mahomes off the field. It's simple as that. John Har, I mean Jim Harbaugh, hey you doing a hell of a job. You over there on the sideline limping. But what's wrong with you? You walking around like you got hot cars under your damn feet. What's going on? And Patrick, Patrick Mahome slowed down a motherfucker. He affected but he slow. What got some speed of a sloth. I ain't never seen a a black quarterback that motherfucking slow. I think James wincing and not run Mahome. Y'all know I ain't telling the truth.


My was so slow white people start stop, start denying him. Y'all sure he got, y'all sure he black? I'm looking at them. Hell, you know what? You know what Ray? You right. I dunno what real, he got high cars on his feet. I I I'm just trying to tell you Travis Kel don't look the same. I don't know what Taylor Swift doing to him. I don't know what it is but shit he ain't, he ain't running them routes like he used to run. He used to run well I ain't going nah he just happy all the damn setting. They let me know one goddamn thing. Taylor Swift and him, they ate raisin potato salad for Thanksgiving and I don't bite them. When he had that sister he would eat sweet potato pie. See


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket Card Issued by JP Morgan. Face Bank. Na member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus. Terms and con


This is an ad by Better Health. What's your perfect night? Maybe you're settled at home alone or with loved ones covered in blankets about to watch your favorite show. It's cozy, it's calm, and you're ready for a perfect night in therapy Can feel a bit like that A place for comfort, A time when you replenish your energy and take care of yourself. And hey, you can even do it without leaving that same cozy couch. This season is the perfect time to give therapy a try. Right from the comfort of home with Better Help. Get matched with a tailored therapist based on your needs and preferences. Entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find comfort this season with better help. Visit better help.com to learn more and save 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's. Who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon Books. That reading feeling awaits.


When Travis Kesel with that black girl, he was gonna be the first white person in the world with diabetes. That damn black girl had Travis Keer eating everyth damn thing and she wasn't paying no bills either. Not that sister. She said it's some privilege to be with her. Damn Travis, Travis Kiss said bye, I'm the prize now her ass is Starbucks. God damnit talking, talking start letting these women run over. Y'all like that Travis kiss on. I'm gonna go out and find me something better. She might not got no ass like you but God damnit.


She got that juggle. God. Taylor Swift got that juggle. Have y'all ever been to a Taylor Swift concert? Me and no motherfucking white people be around that stadium four days before the show. I'm not. Bullshiting been like wet dogs but them motherfuckers gonna beat they own. Not no   shit. Black folk. We getting into the show two hours late talking shit like weed and everything showing Up to the very end show up in the beginning. Show Up to five days before the show. We barely can get there on the day of the show. That's the difference between us and white people. See I really wanna know that's the difference.


Motherfucking white people don't be on time shooting time. Peppermint in they pocket ready to go phone charged Up to the max iPhone. Shit 15% left. Like some of you black women right now, they roles you got. You can't even find a charger to that motherfucker. That's how many times you gonna use it. White people after they get through using them damn toy, they putting it back in the box and putting it up somewhere. Now black people, y'all got it under the pillow case under the bed in your drawer, in your glove compartment of your car. Stop it. Damn thing. Contaminated. Contaminated cooch.


You having ass sit down some motherfucking well sit down so well that damn lake was kicking ass tonight too. Somebody gimme the stole. Last time I checked they were kicking, pulling ass and bro didn't play. That's good. Sit your old ass down and rest nigga damn tires the the damn the thread on them tires slim. You need some new tires nigga get you some vol ties. We down here in Ace time we riding vol. The blue, the blue Texas wine wheel face. Having that sit down somewhere, let ad do what he supposed to do. Let Rui do what he supposed to do.


Let them youngsters do this. You just come in every now and then you gotta act like a lion. They let the lions go out there and make all the god damn kill and when they need him to come in and grab his big buffalo, hurry he come. That's what you gotta do bro. Let everybody else do all the work then in the end you bring it home. That's what follow you lake. See it ain't over yet. We make a trade, we get Oh yeah you motherfucker, how much help LeBron need? He 45. 45. He can't get no help.


Some of y'all watching the show 30 years old. You want all kind of pills trying to get that man going. Me I'm lying but bro can't get no hip shit. He need playing in LA right now. Him bro had about four years left. Shit bro got four that ain't left with them Lakers. That why I set him out tonight And I'm not blaming JJ Red. Nope I'm not gonna do it. I'm blaming the players, I'm blaming them. It's all about them. It's about if they want it or not. That's the kind if I'm, if I'm starting a team right now, I'm getting me a player that he want.


He ain't dissatisfied with winning one ring. Damnit he want all the ring. He ain't friends with nobody he bullying. That's the kind of motherfucking players I want on my team. If I'm the LA Lakers, I'm going out getting brand Ingram or I'm trying to get a little mellow ball damnit, I'm trying to get somebody over there to help what I got going. Folks don't wanna help no more. People wanna sit around and just talk and give a suggestion. Damn all that brass get down to the nitty gritty. What's going on with the lake defense? They not getting back on defense. They can't shoot, they ain't get no steals. They ain't playing the passing lane. They ain't communicating. They ain't doing a whole lot of nothing up there.


That's okay. After the first of the year I'm be in LA a whole lot at them games as noting damn body be some changes around. We gonna get it right. But my Dallas Cowboy fans Inc. I'm gonna need you to here tonight and I'm gonna need you tomorrow up there at that, at that game. Getting ready to cheer our team on. Goddammit we going to tomorrow. Oh yeah we got them bad Assing and we gonna be DI don't need your rabbit ass at the game tomorrow night either. Stay your bad look ass at the house. Sign up that new ring you got for your woman because we gonna want you at the game tomorrow.


We against the world baby. Yeah, cowboy baby Mia against the world tomorrow baby. Real talk. Watch what they do. Real watch Cooper Rush put on a show See Lamb. You better not drop damn motherfucking ball or you ain't getting nothing for Crew that's coming from St. Nick. Oh and I found out the real reason every the white boy won Trump back in the office. They said the that Biden got on the streets right now. They say Trump had they a wing yo when he was in the office too. I'm talking about had your full face froze, can't move it. No that's what, that's what my wife told me.


Say that when Trump in office. I couldn't it for days. Wait Trump get back in office White gonna be stor that same kind of cocaine that Tony Ang was getting from Sauce that that powder Tony Ang would getting from social was one. That's what them white and they January 8th you gonna see a whole lot of y'all bosses coming back from lunch and they know Red talking about they got signs. No it ain't there. You want that shit.


You be all quiet in the morning after we come back from lunch by one 30. You all excited hell off on your damn self. We done broke records. We gonna, we done sold this many union now why ain't got no goddamn rage then you raising your nose. Raise my wallet, sock it to my pocket. You got me here enslaving on these motherfucking machines and getting these boxes out here. I'm funky arm musty girl cheating on me. Ain't got nothing to eat. Car messing up, trying missing slip. You in here bragging about how my money the company you motherfucker you better be talking how much I'm gonna make or I'm telling going hr.


HR tell drug test you shit you get a pot. Him and I don't snort powder. Never have never will. I don't want pot, I want beef, I want that. This ain't and I got it on that being in LA you better stop by Joing up and tell him you want that. This ain't trash. Oh yeah. Oh yeah bro. The Whiskers on the Snoop Dogg nose. I'm not bullshitting when I put uncle and this, this ain't trash baby. Yeah, new Crip walks on gets coming D Drake steady crying to the we motherfucking shit D Drake let this shit go.


Y'all already lost the now you lost to Kendrick. Let it go boy. You over two of them black boy. Let it go boy. You got a better chance of beefing with Soldier Boy. Push a teeth Kendrick, leave them motherfuckers alone got too much time on your hand Drizzy. I know you gonna move out here to the city. See you done got your wrench man. Ride them goddamn horses man. You got enough money. Ride them horses and let that shit go. You and Kendrick need to come together and get on an album and have SIL on there with you. Shit y'all look grateful man. Y'all grateful y turn y'all back on Drake.


I ain't turning my back on Drake. Y'all have our ain't I still, I'm still going listen to Drake man. When, when I'm down or when I'm feeling good, I'm putting Drake on. Drake got that good ride music that I wanna listen to. You know what I'm saying? That's what I wanna listen to when I'm feeling powerful and on my, I wanna listen to Kendrick when I want some motivation. I'm listening to Do and and Nipsey when I wanna hear some just Jam and that music I'm putting in little Kiki and Zero. Wow. Slim Doggle Walker the whole south. When I'm trying to get little female trying get on, I'm pull on.


I in gonna rather not jam say what y'all want about going jam. Damn Right but you watch what the Cowboy do tomorrow night to the Cincinnati Bingos. Dude they ain't got no defense either. We gotta attack tomorrow. We Mike MCC somebody get back court to get show him this. We gotta attack them tomorrow. Play action bootleg you motherfucking right. I was the first player of the game Go deep and I don mean beat. Show the ball.


Play action. Come here, run me and we going over the top. Y'all thought I gave up on the cowboy the, I was Up to something. I've been telling y'all the truth. My two teams is the Cowboys and the Bills. Everybody else do you hear me? It's it's Cowboy and Bill Nation over him and I can have two teams. Y'all can't tell me what I can and I can't do Or I pick a DMX man or I pick a DMX man.


One of the one of the man these DMX one no mores man. But as you as we can see just on the real tip, right? On the real no right now man. It's like so many of us black folks that we looked Up to, I ain't gonna say we looked Up to P Diggy or nothing like that but some of the black folks that we looked Up to, the millionaires and billionaires that we inspired to be successful. Like they turned them down for whatever reason. I don't know what these boy doing at these parties. I really don't know. But now it seem like this shit ain't even fun no more. Man it is like I joke and laugh with the p digger situation but he brought that on himself man you know that boy abused his power but this Jay-Z's accusations now.


I don't like that shit dog. Like that shit ain't cool and we got to do better like, I don't know. We live when certain people get a certain amount of money they start getting a little too motherfucking freaky for me. I I ain't get it. You used to have a party with the lights on now you want have a party with the lights on? No we not doing it here. I'm gonna have a party. I'm gonna all motherfucking phone and sign this paper too. Write him consent now you see this bitch she willing come here, you see it, you see in the she turn around, look I'm in you.


I went missing for 12 minutes and back on. I ain't I How y'all feeling tonight though man? Feeling great. I ain't gonna lie to you gonna really never get that cold out here in the Ace house. That's what I like man. I mean just it been raining all day drizzling all day. I've been blowing all day writing notes getting ready for the night, you know.


But yeah man I'm enjoying myself man. You know I'm feeling real good. Cowboys won two in a row. They're playing tomorrow. I think the Lakers won tonight so I'm feeling good. I know the bill's lost but no team's not gonna win every game. I'm really not too upset. It's just that the defense they gave up 44 bro. To, to the Rams now I ain't knocking around like I said earlier, they they they they they cooking right now but you can't give up 44 points to the rounds man and expect you and expecting yourself to beat the Ravens and the Chiefs and the Steelers in the playoffs like them them the team that y'all gonna have to face Bills you gonna have to face the Steelers. You going to have to face the Ravens like and the chiefs in order to to get to the Super Bowl, them the teams, you going to have to faith and you going to have to be able to play all offense, defense, special teams like you gonna need all that.


And right now the defense is letting you down. Like you gotta be able to get a stop and get your offense back on the field. That's what got to happen. Okay. Can't wait till my bro get back. Keon call me, he'll be back next game. They'll be back full strength at the, at the offensive ham. But it's the defense. The offense is not the problem. It's the defense the whole week. They need to fucking work on defense. What the hell they doing over there? Damn right. Gun or jamming and I'm bullshit. You junk gun or jam. All that people who would sneak dissing, they ain't messing with him right now. Ask anybody right now. I got gun in my dick all day every day. I don't give a damn about who, if he a rat or not, they gonna bother me because somebody, he a rat.


I'm a rat shit. Do something in front of me and a lot. Police tell me if I don't tell them I'm going to jail bye. We ain't gotta wait the court for you to find out I did it. We can do it right here in this goddamn damn street. Come now. Tell them what you told me you done. You told, you told me, you told me you such shit. You not tell me, ain't tell you you ain't. You ain't. You ain't calling and tell me that? No I got the goddamn phone records right here. You ain't gotta call Apple and get this shit. You can get it right here for me right now. I ain't coming downtown making no statement. I'm making it right here in front of who and whoever pull your cameras out I don't give a damn But do won't be going to jail.


You will and when it's time for me to testify, I'm coming in my JC Pey suit too. They gonna spend $175 on you. Damn right. Walking in that motherfucking courtroom black and proud. There's some real niggas in the jail right now for no reason. Ain't done nothing but they keeping their mouth closed. Not me. If I done it I'm gonna do the time but if I ain't done it and you done it, you gonna do motherfucking time And if you taking this trial or not but if I you I wouldn't take this shit right here to trial because I'm letting you know right now I'm testifying.


You ain't got to wonder try to suppress the I'm against you. I want you. So if they 10 take 10 you gonna take 10. You ain't gonna, the minute I walk in that motherfucking courtroom I mean business, I ain't just taking you down, I'm taking anybody else. Whoever else I know, shit, I'm a real one. They gonna take me to Golden cor after this motherfucking testimony. I bet you that big meatloaf string bean man potato with the roll come here and if I'm really good they say I can get you some jello afterwards.


Come here. I'm in Golden Corral getting off. That's the first place. Second place fish with the garage. Boy I'm gonna be getting off of the dang Golden Corral. Boy you can't miss me there. I'm big smiles and I'm gonna go Kar. I got three or four police now I'm getting off all because I told the truth. Mama always told me the truth will set you free and damnit I'm gonna set. I'm gonna tell the truth and nothing but the truth. Your uncle don't know what Golden Corral y'all going to the one I'm going to off the chain


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms In con


with millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's his eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from ha ha to to Amazon Books That reading feeling


awaits. The holidays are here and so is the Ikea winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save Up to 50% off on select items in store and online. Now through January 7th plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items And if you spend 2 99 or more on a single order before December 10th, enjoy free delivery. Need help managing the clutter of decorations. Ikea storage Solutions will keep your home tidy from toys and tinsel. Having extra guests over check out offers on select dining furniture to make more room for the people who matter most this time of year. Don't wait to finish your winter wish list. Shop the IKEA winter sale in store or online now until January 7th. Visit ikea usa.com/winter sale For more details. Terms apply offer validates may vary us only while supplies last. Selection may vary by store and online. See store and ikea usa.com/winter sale for complete terms. Restrictions apply


Shall be what it do. Mj, what it do? Shout out to everybody on my live night man. Shout out to everybody on my live to still up man. I pray to good Lord. Bless each and every one of y'all. You got people that's calling your body each and every day always complaining about this and that. Not grateful tell to get closer to God And I ain't saying go to church but I'm saying they need to find them. Somebody, a spiritual person to confide in. Don't let it be you. I can't save you if you blind. I can't heal you. I know who can that man. I can't do nothing. I can't do nothing for you. You want some money? I give you $30. That's about it. And don't you spend it all in one spot either because that's all you getting from me telling y'all the truth.


If you watching this show then you know it been presented by prospects. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Yeah $5 in. They gonna give you 50 for the first time. Yep. You bet. More or less on your favorite player over there on prize Big. I done rang up a bag today. Damn. I done rang up a bag of day you can run. You want Up to go on over there? Put my promo code in right there. Stand there right there. There you go. And if you can't watch my show and all you want, all you can do is listen to it. Apple Podcast Spotify type in the bubble dub show. Download it. That's how you can help me. Let's get this show up 13 in the chat. Don't like it nigga be 4,500 in the chat.


Y'all ain't getting this kind of sports talk nowhere man. Come on now. Let's be real. ESPN Trash need me on there. Bring some excitement to the game. Let's talk about Buffalo defense then. Get damn damn sack. They gonna say they gonna ESPN and Fox. They ain't, all they gonna talk about is 4, 4, 4 2. It was a shoe guy. Let's talk about them not getting no damn sack Miller. Where you at nigga You running around here chasing the damn ster. Chase the quarterback. I know you legend. I know you old but you gonna play on gonna third down. You got one job to get and get to the quarterback. Damnit you ain't doing your job.


If I'm the head coach, I'm going in there. Somebody finna get released on the defense. Somebody finna get released. I said each and every motherfucking day somebody on the defense finna get released. Bet y'all start playing. They gonna spoil you in in the field. Thanksgiving, they gave you turkeys, they gave you a motherfucking hand. You'll be a little bit more hungry. See a he ain't the size of a Turkey. You know what I'm saying? I'm giving you, he giving you something to eat and you Oh I'm still hungry though. You eat that Turkey, you going to sleep. That's what's going on with Buffalo Defense. They been eating Turkey.


I start feeding you What? What Trump say? Them boys down here eating them animals. I start feeding you that. Y'all see what Trump just said. Just posted again. First day in office you illegal stone. I'm gonna be the first one at work that day too. I can't wait for y'all to get y'all service papers. Get y ass up out him. Boy. I ain't bullshitting. If you got any businesses, if you illegal, you got any businesses before you get up out here. I'm regular to cash you out on whatever you got. I'm willing to cash you out on whatever you got company or whatever the hell. If you got a lawn mower service, get zero turns.


Come on. I cash you out. You can't use it over there. Wherever you're from, you can't use it over there. God damnit. I can't use how y'all feeling tonight though man. I'm, I'm only one. I'm feeling real good man. I get in, I get, I get in these zones man. When, when you know when I feed off y'all, I feed off the energy of everybody man. I, I'm an energy person man. A person can come around me with bad energy. I can feel it. I get away from them. That's what you gotta start doing with some people in your life when they come around and when they call you text you, you know what I'm saying? You can feel the energy in the text. You can feel the energy in the phone call sometimes you gotta sift away from that.


I ain't, I ain't on that. I ain't, I ain't trying to hear out. Don't be calling telling me what somebody said about me. Let 'em talk. They talked about Jesus. What make you think they ain't gonna talk about me. I don't care what people say about me. I don't because I'm gonna keep pushing. I'm gonna keep being me. Some of y'all gotta keep doing the same thing. Sometimes you let what people say to you, you let it hinder you. You let it get you down now you don't want to do this now. Nah, nah I don get up off of that. Let them talk, let them talk. You can keep doing what you doing. You can start keep killing people with kindness man. That's all you gotta do. That's all you gotta do. And people, you been around people you been good to. If they ain't giving you the same energy, stop giving it to them.


Start treating people how they treat you. To my fellows on here 45 and up. You go to these stores every day get cash, get you some coffee and you go home and your woman complain because the thing don't work like it used to. You better start asking them mother funky arm ass Indians in that store for them god damn honey packs. That's all you gotta do. Don't be ashamed James. Ask her lemme get one of them honey packs and you take that motherfucking honey pack James you wait till the grandkids gone or whatever and you slide you you going in that goddamn mo. She she going know something ain't right because you look another, you ain't look D like that in by six months. You tired of her funk ass.


She tired of your no meat getting up having that. But God you take that hundred back or if you gonna wanna take that you can take that roast part. Either one you can't lose. But when you take it you get to rub it on her motherfucking as well. She know you really want now. She like you ain't be to do nothing we you gonna say nothing. You just keep on doing what you supposed to do and when you give up in that motherfucker, you at the ass and I meant you at the ass civil too. God damn Might have a more and that's when you control it Then one thing about black people, we take control white people, we seize control. You see the difference. We take control white people.


We seize control. It's a goddamn different word between control and seize. Control. Seize control mean ain't gonna to go every goddamn thing. White people sl I love them but motherfucker they shit they seizing shit they smart. You ain't bullshit. What y'all like I'm telling you some real shit. We take control man white people, we seize control. Y'all better start. I just look like this on say I putting them on game, they better listen to me.


I might be wrong on a couple games and all that shit. For the most part I'm right. I'm not right. I always tell when I'm wrong I'm wrong but shit, I'm putting y'all on game tonight but y'all don't wanna listen to me though. Y'all won't hear that other bullshit and all this and that. You gonna get the real on this bubble do show if you gonna get nothing there you going get the real right him himba Live on show. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Hell I been told you gonna get the real if you watching this show then you already know it's time for the hell no sitting so I'm not gonna ask me Bubba Dub What you ever league of Dallas Cowboy for Cleveland Brown? Hell no. I might talk shit.


I might go to war, I might leave a cowboy for a week or two weeks but I'm always gonna come right back home. Dollar Cowboys is home to me and I know y'all Negroes, Hispanics white people don't want to hear this but Dollar Cowboys steal America's stink. I don't give a damn. We ain't once in 95. I don't give a damn each and every Sunday that we play a Monday that we play y'all motherfuckers tune in and watch us. Y'all tune in and watch us. Well we we lose you watch time for y'all to start pushing respect on old Jerry Jones Lane. He ain't worth a damn As a okay as a businessman.


He one of them ones and that's the two I'm going on starting February. Yeah go to bubba.dot com and you can find out what my show's going be at and you can find out what's going on with me. bubba.dot com right now go over and see where my next show gonna be at. I got hey go see what I got Come dang it up top. What's good fam? Kenny Williams What it do? Cowboys ain't nothing but entertainment. We ain't Finn win nothing over there and it's okay because I was like the excitement to bring, I like bringing out my barbecue pig and and putting that good old ain't boy. I'm telling you Beef ain't shit to a barbecue pit.


We gonna smoke something like I won't put no meat on the pit and smoke seed soon. It's like the energy soon you put something on the pit people call. I know y'all got something ego over there man I ain't got nothing going lying like a mother. What the first thing your girl do showing they on Snapchat. Just tell people I ain't got nothing to eat you on Snapchat showing these beautiful ass. I done put the gift and I do mean Juicy ass too. I'm talking about Juicy like Joe Lopez in 1999 I do anything for Celine. Shit come here.


Shit they can't handle. J Lo couldn't handle you handle need to come to me around the block. What I do with Jimmy boy? I take I boy I take Jennifer Lopez hit licks in. I'm real one boy. I'm a real one boy. I get J Lo car and have it hot. What we do? Yeah I see the Dolphins got that win. Two Fish tour. Tyre finally had a good game. He just had another child too.


Shout out to Tyreek Hill from 10 11 kids having that. Man I just hope you stacking that paper right way and putting it up man. 10 11 kids going to eat through that. Yeah boy you, you well you need to start pulling out. That's ridiculous. I'm give a damn how much money you got man. It's hard to be a father to that many kids. Especially if they not in your household man that just ridiculous. That's real. Talk hard to be a father. You can be a father of money. Ain't everything man. Them kids need be needing time. That's it's hard man. 10 little kids. Shit. Shit ain't no way but make this shit make sense. I know Elon got 10 11 but shit, he finna be a trillion now.


I took a four eight nines too that bounced back. Win over them. Si rash Chicago balls too. I'm yeah, yeah. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta get Love took a team that, that that, that won today. I took a Seahawks, they beat the Arizona Cardinal JO Smith. Y'all nigga go on and give Jing o Smith an extension too. Go on and give that man extension. See how stop playing with him. Tiger of the disrespect. Cy Kirk cousin lost again. Need to bench him. Them damn Falcons got blew out by them. Viking. They need the best Tur cousin right now. What the hell y'all gave him a hundred, a hundred million dollars for anyway. Shoulda have gave him 55 million and a hundred bun and damn it.


Go to work. Can't get nobody a hundred million dollars. Ain't gonna Wagyu steak. He fool. You know we, we know what the Cowboys gonna do. I ain't gotta talk about it anymore. Y'all ain't gonna wanna see me tomorrow, tomorrow night. Y'all ain't gonna wanna see me because you know I'm gonna lie again tomorrow night and you ain't gonna wanna see me. So all saying trash of the day Buffalo be a and I do mean trash.


Thank y'all for watching tonight. Show man. We'll be right here tomorrow in around this time, man. After the Dallas Cowboy beat the Cincinnati Bingo. Peace and love my out. Don't forget to go to bubble dub t.com man to let you know everything about me. You can keep up with me, man. Peace and blessings man. One The Volume As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cashback, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket.


Cards issued By JP Morgan Face Bank. NA member FDIC.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order and that makes us fast for life. Now, I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar Outcome.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con. The holidays are here and so is the IKEA winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save Up to 50% off on select items in store and online now through January 7th plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items And if you spend 2 99 or more on a single order before December 10th, enjoy free delivery.


Offer valid in the US through one seven supplies. Last selection may vary by store and online. Cstore and ikea usa.com/winter sale for complete terms. Restrictions apply.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway. Know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.