
Small business owners. This one's for you, chase for business and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast. Chase. Make more of what's yours. Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC. Copyright 2024. JP Morgan Chase and Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life. Earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of USS Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do it yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Make the cash touchdown. This week the Denver Broncos visit the Los Angeles Chargers in a game with big playoff implications. This is unbelievable. Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Chargers Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SNH u.edu today to get started.


The Volume? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Yeah, go ahead and hit the like button before I even get my show started. You know I like to like for y'all to hit the like button. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button too. If you already been watching you, boy, hopefully you keep your notifications on 'cause you never know when I'm going to drop over here on the bubble Dub show. But nevertheless, welcome Monday night. Welcome. We had two games a night. Matter of fact, them games still going on. The Vikings going on against the Bears. That's division. Then you got the Las Vegas Raiders versus Atlanta Falcons before I even start talking about football.


Let me address the elephant in the room. But better yet the teeth. You damn right I deals, I'm not bullshitting but I'm smiling like right now. Damn right. These ain't wrong on either our own. These do cast them out baby. I told y'all it's the teeth for me. Real talk. It's the teeth for your boy. Everybody be hitting me up Dub. You got your teeth done. You damn right. I did. I went from section eight housing teeth to gated community teeth.


Come on, I'm smiling nigga. All these events from now on out. You can't stop me from smiling. Shit. I can't wait either. It's going down. Ain't a major way. So let's go ahead and get that out the way. You damn right. I went out there and got me some veneers man I gotta get used to getting mother man. But nevertheless I'm here. Let's address the game from yesterday. Let's start it out with the Buffalo Bills played the Detroit Lions. They won 48 42. It was a great game yesterday evening, I'm not going to lie. They went up and down and up and down and up and down the field. You wanna know why Buffalo won that game.


One turnover by Detroit. That fumble costing the game. Jerry Goff ball it damn near threw for 500 yards. John Kidner rolling over in this damn grave knowing that Jerry Goff threw for damn the five yard yesterday. He was flawless. Brown had 14 catches. Bowling Buffalo said hold on. Anything you can do, anything you can do. Jerry go. I can do with Better Allen. What on Mission got the young bull back yesterday? Keon Coleman, he had one catch 64 yard. They had Ty Johnson had five catches, 114 yards that I been cooked running up and down the field.


Hey Buffalo gonna continue to run the ball like that. They gonna be tough to beat because we know what the passing game can do. Buffalo has always been able to throw the ball no matter who they had in quarterback or no matter whoever can hang out in wide out Buffalo has always been able to throw the ball all the way back to the Jim Kelly Day back when Don Le was the coach. Even though they never won, got there four times and lost. Yes we, we know Buffalo ain't never won. We know but we talking like right now, the way they playing right now, ain't nobody gonna go up there in they motherfucking snowing plate. You see when I went up there, shit I had to leave. It was cold. It's cold as hell in Buffalo right now man.


Detroit, you played a great game. I'm not gonna sit up here and knock y'all. I still got y'all coming out the end of CI still got y'all coming out the end of C the Detroit line. But but but your defense got to tighten up. Your defense got to tighten up because over there in the NC you got them damn eagles. It ain't no cake. Walk to the Super Bowl. You got them badass eagles. I know my Detroit fans. Y'all upset mad me look man I ain't, I ain't never say y'all trash. I just said y'all were gonna get y'all ass beat and you did. Oh yeah you did. You got beat at home. Primetime game. Everybody watching white folks at Eminem restaurant eating their nasty ass spaghetti.


You got the black people up down the block eating barbecue watching the game lick at the fingers. You know how we eat all that barbecue stains everywhere. Good game. But you're lost know y'all fighting for home field veins between you and the Eagles. Y'all better come on with it down this home stretch. Y'all better come on with it down this motherfucking home stretch Detroit. If y'all want to pull it off now I can talk my shit down. Dan Campbell teeth trash boy you need to put that motherfucking skull down boy. Your damn teeth on. On the color of my uncle horse telling the truth.


Moving on to the Philadelphia Eagles played the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Battle of Pennsylvania. If your ass   if you ask me they Philly won 27 13 all going in the last week was going into this game. Here was how Jalen hurts and AJ Brown was into it. It is not going to work. AJ made a statement that what some of the things that the offensive can work on and he said passing and, and everybody took it and ran with it like they were supposed to be against one another but AJ Brown didn't lie. Jaylen Hearst ain't been throwing the damn ball. Wolf a damn. That's why they been relying on the room and say come on Barkley, why he having an MVP caliber type season the way he been able to run the ball.


So yes, AJ Brown was right. The passing game need, need, need to be fixed but the media want to run with it and and and and try to pin them two brothers against one another. Maybe it worked for a day or two. I don't know. But I know yesterday when they went on that motherfucking field it looked like Michael Jordan Scottie ppi. That's what it looked like yesterday. Michael Jordan and Scotty, they were hooking up 15 yard pass, 24 yard pass 18 yard. God damnit hurtful put the ball on the money And don't forget Phil Def Eagle still ain't got that Dallas got back they best tie in back. So they're still still not in full strength yet with the Philadelphia Eagles they're still not at full strength before the offense way.


Jalen Hurst threw the ball yesterday 25 for out thirty two two hundred and ninety passing yard. Two tees no interception. Saquon Barker had 19 carry 65 yard. Not his usual hundred yard gang but they ran the ball enough, ran the ball enough to make the Pittsburgh Steelers beat earn on them bootlegs and on they play action. But the Eagles pulled it out. Pittsburgh, your tennis bow Now Russell Wilson didn't have a best game. They still missing George Pickers right now in the pass the game that the Steelers is suffering from. I feel like they'll be okay once they get pickers back but right now the Philadelphia Eagles team to me is the best team in NFC right now I'm at damn push push you can't do nothing with that damn push push right now.


Third one you can stop it. You're not stopping them. That's the way you gotta beat the Eagles. You gotta get the Eagles in second and nines and third and seven third and eighth third and one 30 twos. You're not gonna beat the Philadelphia Eagles. I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, you just not gonna beat them like that. You gotta get them in third and owns, that's the only way you gonna be able to jump got Devonte Smith back. He back. He can stretch the field. AJ can already stretch the field. Whoa boy I can see it. Eagles is a jerk or not. This always bring about the defense for me and the defense looking pretty damn good right now. What's my boy Sly He back Yo I like the Eagles and I like the D Detroit lines coming out the NOC and for the a CI got Buffalo, I got the bag ass chiefs and that's really about it for me.


I mean I wanted second Ravens, I would lu second Steelers too as well. But just the two teams that jumping out the most for me is gonna be Kansas City. Gonna be Buffalo gonna be the Eagles and it'll be Detroit. Y'all can let me know what y'all think for that now I don't wanna forget about the Vikings. I see. Keep seeing, keep saying I'm not showing y'all no love in the Minnesota Vikings right now they beating up on the on Chicago birds or team and that division Sam Don, he's going to get a big Na Pega as well. Jefferson doing what? Jefferson do, Aaron Jones? That that, that that pickup from the Packers that that run gang. That that's what the Mike and the Viking is so damn dangerous. They can run the ball too like, like they can really run the motherfuck ball and if the defense defensive coordinator wanna start putting himself 8 million in the box, then they're going over top of Jefferson.


So you got, you gotta really pick, pick, pick which one you really want. You know what I'm saying? You want Jones to kill you or you want Jefferson to kill. Either way you going to get killed. Best thing you can do is get the Sam Donald and try to turn him back into the old damn Sam Donald. That used to be because right now he playing like Steve Young, you know what I'm talking about. But back in the day he was playing like the Steve Young that was in Tampa Bay but y'all know what a OC team y'all got coming out and what NOC team y'all got coming out right now? Talk to me. I'm I'm listening. I like the Broncos bro but I just know both picks ain't it. I love Rashaun Peyton doing over there right now but both picks ain't it right now dog.


You really think the Bronco finna go in the buffalo or fill a go into Kansas City and win a playoff game. Never not gonna happen. The refs not gonna let it happen and the damn NFA are not gonna let it happen. Don't forget, don't forget who really running this shit. We just fans and enjoy watching the game but man this shit fixed. I don't care what nobody say Man Vegas run all this shit. You want me to keep it 100. That's just what I feel now. I'm still gonna go out here and bet money and do just me because I always feel like somebody got an upper hand in this shit. They be knowing who they want in the Super Bowl fan. Don't think they don't this this world is bigger than me and you now I'm telling you the truth because they know we gonna always watch the N ffa.


Ain't nobody fucking boycott no damn NFL What them white boy did that shit for a, for a couple of weeks when them ball was kneeling but they were right back watching football. Them white boy can't live without football score Bill having friends come over, shit that's up a white boy athlete, white man live for football, have friends come over hot dogs Oscar Meyer and look a beer sick Susan and them making them little motherfucking up there shit the white boy gonna watch the motherfucking football. They look that pink skin black people we love it too. We love bringing out that Rus SCAD barbecue pit putting some meat on the pit, calling up a few of our homeboys and and you know homegirls to come over and and watch the game.


That's that's America man. That's what we live for. That's what we do. We gonna watch the game rather it's rigged or not NBA rigged too. Y'all can't sit up here and tell me that the NBA ain't rigged Houston rocks 9 4 9 5. Them motherfuckers were tough. Well guess who what in the league when them two when no Houston Rock won them back to back mj they made sure Michael Jordan wouldn't face the king the dream in the finals and y'all motherfuckers can't tell me no difference either. And I love Mike but David, David Stern made sure Mike won every motherfucking championship he was in. It was Michael Jordan leave and David Stern didn't mind letting the world know that this was Mike leave this new motherfucker Adam Silver.


He damn damn win anybody can win it with silver now lying. Michael Jordan was the NBA cash cap and they rewarded him for the simple fact when he came back and bought the bobcat. Man Mike put the least money down for a franchise and got the team do your history, do your research man I think Mike didn't put no more 200 million up for them down shoulder Bobcat man and the league did that for him. They ain't did that for nobody else. Mike was out here gambling too but they don't wanna talk about it.


Mike was out here gambling too. Gambling and smoking cigar and drinking and drinking tequila. You canuck Michael Jordan, you see Mike the real nigga living tequila and shit called free and go shit MJ dope. I don't give a damn. Y'all like it or not MJ dope and he know it. Y'all in love with them damn shoes too. That's the reason why y'all praising like that them damn I seen a 55-year-old man bragging on Instagram. I got them new Jays nigga and hey you got one and got you a checkup nigga because you gonna fuck around and check out 55-year-old man bragging about getting them new joy shit make it make sense.


Too much shit going on y'all. Y'all better start paying attention what's going on. Elon must doubled Jeff Bezo and Bill Gates in network. What the hell going on. Ever since that motherfucker Elon must built them damn robots his stock didn't up. I tell you what Elon, you mother robot, I want you to make them robot. These damn Frenchy dogs, these niggas got too. These niggas wanna start back going to the club but they can't 'cause they dog having puppies create a robot that can help the dog have puppies. You got us. I'm not bullshit. You create a robot that can help these nigga with these Frenchy puppies you got us niggas don't curf 40, that 50,000 we cashing Now don't forget black people, we spend the most money in the world.


Don't let these motherfucker fool you and tell you that we we broke shit We we we getting money, we go broke but we getting money so the money you getting put that shit back up for a ringing day. Don't give a damn how bad you wanna go shopping. You gotta have some discipline. Want them new jades but my life bill need paid. Which one more important. Damn them new jades but pay your life bill. You gotta be able to see the damn shoes. Same way about me. I know what y'all saying. It ain't the teeth. See teeth don't make the man shit. Lose your side too. Shit. Watch what?


Hell y'all don't want no side too. Got my shit dumb right.


Small business owners, this one's for you. Chase for business and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast Chase make more of what's yours. Chase mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC copyright 2024 JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Hey guys. Doug Gottlieb here to tell you the National Sales event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making the now perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new truck, like a rugged half ton tundra, combining raw capability with premium comfort and advanced tech to fuel your wildest adventures. Or check out our Tacoma delivering trail dominating power and captivating style. The new Tacoma was born to make your off-roading dreams come true. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast and signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and maybe used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Hey Guys, this's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up, picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro, make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com


Today I'm shining these like ply. Say I'm shining these. Yeah y'all about to upgrade man. What I didn't have now I got Yeah used to only go four minutes now I go five. It's the upgrade for me just like this. Sure you been riding over, been riding around in your car. All your grace and mercy and the Lord been helping you get through, get through with your car. People at work been laughing at you but you stagger pushing though.


But when tax season come you pulling up off something off the lot. When you get your taxes, you pulling something off the lot. AC blowing. No I didn't even have extra money to get you some rings. Maybe get you some gy. I don't, I don't give a damn what you had last year all about this year. I couldn't come into 2025 with them same motherfucking teeth. I couldn't do it now I got 2025 teeth. I can't eat 2024 food now. I told you I'm on lemon pepper now. Done changed up. I'm on lemon pepper and I'm not eating coochie with these new teeth either Dom not eating coochie with these new teeth.


I bet not. Ain't no miles on this tv. Ain't no miles on this tv my reset. I'm a virgin at the mouth again. Come here. Oh God pay me now. I'm not doing it no more. Somebody say Reagan's coming back. Oh my god Kurt cousin ain't what for. Damn in Atlanta y'all can't take no white to Atlanta black folks. Y'all gotta move Kurt cousin to a somewhere. Y'all got him in the city. It ain't gonna work.


It ain't gonna work Never. I'm just trying to tell you man, somebody need to be tanking for Shado if that's what the Reagan's doing, shit they ain't got tank. They going lose any motherfucking way. But if I'm Atlanta, I'm tired of looking at Kirk. I'm tired of looking at cur come in the locker room each and every day. Stay your ass home. We finna play. Michael Pink gonna drop three motherfucking albums and they all five. I don't wanna see Kirk cousin no damn mo Just like I don't wanna see Dak Prescott no damn mo either.


But how y'all feeling tonight though man? Y'all talk to me. It's Monday night man. Tomorrow Tuesday. I know y'all seen my boy come back last night. LPJ LeBron James took a couple days out, came back just to get it right. Ran through them. Damn Trigger finger Marant grd this last night too. That's what I'm talking about. Go Jane. Get your ass up out that band. Get your ass on that court and shoot them threes new. Shoot them threes. New lot of y'all mad talking about, I'm bragging about us beating the Carolina Panther. They is an NFL team ain't they? The last time I checked the Carolina Panthers is an NFL team.


You play whoever on the motherfucking schedule And that's what the Cowboy did. We played whoever was on the schedule and we took care of business. Now as we going to the Super Bowl once again, hey on no can we make things interesting. You damn right we might not even make the players. I don't give a damn but we want make shit interesting. So what I'm saying to you bad blood, watch the Commander's Magic Johnson team, we gonna beat y'all. Billy ain't so motherfucking easy either. Anything can happen any given Sunday, any given Sunday something, anything can happen.


That's all I'm saying. Be in Chicago soon. Be in Chicago very soon. February 1st. You can catch me in Minnesota at the Army Center going down. We Warrens tour going down December 27th through the 29th. Catch me and sing Antonio, call me sing your Dub at the now man. Why? Because I'm Papa Julie and I'm very, and I mote gonna have some fun y'all.


We gonna have some mother fucking fun around here And let me tell y'all now because you know a story time with Dub. Yeah it's cuffing season. Yeah it's cuffing season and fucking men out there right now that's in relationship. Are you talking to a na young lady? It's the time you start cuffing her. It's the time you start being real motherfucking romantic. Open the doors. You ain't been open them Clyde but Clyde open them motherfucking doors. Nah Clyde being nice. Nah, Clyde don't normally like you to be on the phone as much but he ain't saying nothing about you on the phone talking to your home girl now he ain't saying a me me. Why? Because he know tax time is around the motherfucking corner and you wanna be in good with your girl like never before.


So this the time to do what you supposed to be doing and you better do it right because these women these days I'm hearing this year women they getting back 15,002 kids a better 15. You don't wanna be on the outside looking in do you hear me? You gonna wanna be on the outside looking in because when them women get them motherfucking checks they don't. When my baby mama give her taxes I'm gonna be right though with the holding hands wrong. Telling her she the most beautiful thing in the world that I can ever seen in my life. Just time to tell you you gotta tap in. It's going down tax season and we all already know how we get down tax season.


A whole lot of motherfucking balling going on. If you're drinking and liquor and wherever you been getting the feel now you getting a big boy now we getting a little bottle of he gonna say now you getting a big bottle of taxis. Yeah yo going to the grocery st going to the gas station. Your food, whatever you pay for might be $40 but you only got a 50. Man keep the change. I ain't doing no tripping man. I just seen people do it, I wouldn't do it but when people get their tax money they act a little bit different. They act a little bit more different when they get like it be two or three chain up. Man go keep that nigga ain't worried about that chain man. Two weeks later them nigga right back in there. You remember two or three nigga got left here man let me go on and get that.


Y'all better stop and start putting that motherfucking money up. You know I'm telling y'all the truth today man. I'm just telling y'all the truth man. What's been going on these day? I went dirt hunting today too. You damn right. Went dirt hunting shit. It killed me. A white killed me a white tail and it was fluffy. Oh yeah I processed that meat real motherfucking good too. Process. Hey man if y'all ain't never had dirty meat man y'all gotta a track of dirty meat one time in your life man.


I know some of y'all be like man I'm be eating now. Hey man you gonna know what you missing man. Eat you a deer get you some dear sausages man. Get it processed right. Get it seasoned Right man. Get in that kitchen, cook that dear me Mike, I promise you you will not regret it. Mark my words man. If you gonna do nothing else on earth before you go, you gotta try some Dear Meat. Ain't nothing like getting that fresh dear Meat with some fresh hog meat and you put it together. All my god. Y'all gonna know the good food y'all missing these days man. Dear jerky too fam. Real talk. Y'all don't know nothing about that. What's the score on the game right now man?


Somebody gimme a score on the barrels and the Vikings in the Raiders and the falcon. Somebody gimme an update on the game man. Kirk cousin was playing. He wasn't playing what for? Damn he was stinking him and Rod was stinking nigga up Viking one 30 to 12. That's that that that what? What Viking Vikings what? 12 and two? Yeah, Vikings 12 and two right now. Sam doing, like I said earlier, he he gonna give a nice paycheck next year. He ain't gonna be what for damn next year. That's how it works. They they they play good until they get that money. When they get that money the motherfuckers sorry and I do mean sorry again. So yeah he gonna buy all that this year but next year Sam don gonna be the same old Sam Donard that he was two or three years ago on the motherfucking bench.


Taylor will you need to get your shit together. I seen you miss five throws tonight overthrowing them boy you need some motherfucking help. I don't know what's going on in Chicago. I know we ain't blowing that motherfucking ho down there boy. You need some help. You keep saying you holding yourself accountable. That's all fine and dandy but god dammit it's you, you got the play bill fellow. I'm root for you And so, and hopefully everybody else too but you missing too many motherfucking throws. You ain't supposed to be missing man. Real talk. I I mean and and I and I and my other boy too Anthony Richards. God damn what the going on You got throw the ball that damn they get they they need get somebody then work with you and I do mean work with you because the talent is dur with Anthony.


The talent is dirt. I just don't know why the complete I I don't like it. I know he don't like it either but he, he, he you gotta play better than that shit aunt Man you, you young Taylor you si motherfucker you si mother motherfucker you gotta run across the gold line. How many times we seen play a get ready to score a touchdown and drop the ball before they run into Oh I'm, I'm tired of seeing this shit man. As a teammate I gotta put hands on you if one of my teammates do that, that's all I'm saying. It's going in a little blue tent and it's for a reason. The blue tent is for medical procedure. That's right because this motherfucker gonna need medical procedure when we go in this tent when we come outta there.


I guarantee you won't do that shit again. I bet you you won't do it again. Somebody gimme a score on the Falcons right now man. Somebody gimme a score on the Falcons in the regular man. Like my boy Antonio Pierce gonna get fired man. They got Tom Brady over there in the organization now. He done bought in and it really ain't Antonio Pierce fault but man you gonna have four, five motherfucking quarterback and they ain't done a motherfucking thing. Now you knew going into this season you nigga you a motherfucking quarterback and you didn't get one. I don't like that. I feel like they said Tony o peer up a failure. I don't like it. They they bring him back on a one year deal.


Bring Antonio peer back on a one year deal and let's see what quarterback they can draft in the drought. Is it Shado? Is it Cam War or whoever it is. Goddammit they need a quarterback six offensive lineman. That's what they need. Six offensive linemen, six dogs. That's what they need. They need six dogs down there in re in Vegas and don't think the Vegas, I get a Vegas about three more years they gonna win one shit. Vegas shit. Vegas shit Vegas crooked. You gonna think them motherfuckers old school Italian rolling over in they motherfucker grade right now knowing Vegas got a team and they ain't winning shit.


Castellano what's the the Gotti shit. The ante shit give them four, five years somebody Vegas team gonna win something. You see them Las Vegas. Las Vegas ACEs on them one they gonna bang out there. Shit. Yeah I better pay attention see what's going on in the world man. The rich getting richer in the poor getting poor. That's exactly what's going on these motherfucking days man. Ain't no in-between no more either you are rich or you ain't. Simple as that.


Somebody can't just get a whole new old line and think they gonna be good after one year. That's why I say give 'em four, five years nigga y'all gonna be listening get you a good quarterback, get you four or five good offensive line, that's your foundation. Got the quarterback, I got a good offensive line now I can work now I can go out and find a running back to plug in and I can find some bullshit at receivers. Long as my offensive line and my quarterback intact that's all Get get a Raiders whoever. Trust me Tom Brager going. I feel like Tom Brager going do good Vegas Reagan some good like in that organization as far as drafting players and bringing the right pieces in and getting the right coaches and with the right player the Vegas Raiders will be okay in the next three to five years guarantee.


I guarantee you that. I guarantee you that Tom Brady ain't Finn be involved in no team that's gonna be around that bullshitting. It ain't in it Nigga ain't in his motherfucking spirit. That's deflating Tom Gate to Tom Tom Brady. That motherfucker deflated ball. You think he won't do nothing for his team to win. See Tune Fish tour. I mean their injury kind of hurt them this year and I and I know it's still back of his head right now. I know that Hit could take him out. He's playing though. But I said it the other day I wouldn't mind seeing Shado down in Miami.


I'm just saying I wouldn't mind seeing Shado down there in Miami or Cam Ward down there in Miami. Man I, it gets my personal thoughts man. I feel like I'm not saying Shado gonna go in and get killed 'cause it's the in affair it it's some different type of shit. I'm just saying I would love for 'em to be down there. That warm weather with the weapons they got even with Cam Ward two or three years. Get them guys go in one year, hit the bench, watch the game learn and then get in there but any quarterback will wanna go down there in Miami and perform. Y'all can say what y'all want by Aaron Rogers but let Aaron Rogers been down there in Miami right now. The record will be different I guarantee you that. I guarantee that motherfucking boo guy Tyreek Hill wouldn't be outta gas if aro were dying though and and I think a ride kind of over the hill but god damn he can go down there in Miami and make some shit happen.


I bet you that that old motherfucker get down there nigga old son get him a tan shit hook back up with Daniel Kirkpatrick. It's oh King. All you gotta do is start, all you gotta do is start Daniel, Patrick, Patrick Mogul. That's all you gotta do. Okay I'm going to the Giants. I refuse that goddamn draft. If I'm Cam Walk I will not go to the New York Giants. They need to sell that damn whole franchise. It ain't smart to go with New York right now. I wouldn't do it same way Archie Mangan wouldn't let Eli go to San Diego. I wouldn't, I wouldn't let Cam Ward go in New York. I'll skip that damn team.


Hell they better off going out and getting one of the Elon Musk robots. Let them quarterback the damn team. Man shit. Dolphins o line way better than the Jet O line. The hell you talking about. Motherfuckers up there in New York J every time I look around Rogers on his motherfucking back. Remember tour got hurt scrambling time. I look around a rod on his motherfucking back Kaepernick man don't nobody want no motherfucking Kaepernick in no Miami man Kaepernick too cap Nick though Kanick don't play no motherfucking ball.


He did what he wanted to do. Get that money and gig up pocket. I don't blame him. Y'all don't wanna lemme play pay me and I'm going buy my rent. He out here out here throwing, throwing, throwing shit. Man stop it nigga you ain't, you ain't this over. We gotta start being 100 with ourselves and being real with ourselves. Kaepernick fought and being in the NFL Nle not letting that boy come back. See them, them owners in the NFL play by a different set rules man. They don't listen to nobody. They don't listen to nobody. They do what the fuck they wanna do. You know who pretty much run this shit. Them owners, they no D Kaepernick four or five years ago could have came in and and did good with some other team but the owners wasn't going to lie bro.


You can, even though you can be, you can have a trillion dollars even because you have a trillion dollars that don't mean you can give an NF NFL team that shit, that motherfucker gotta vote you in. Look at the NF nfl it is on a different level. They gonna go motherfucking different level


Small business owners. This one's for you, chase for business and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast Chase make more of what's yours. Chase mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC copyright 2024. JP Morgan Chason Company.


Hey it's Lunchbox from the Bobby Bone Show and I'm here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your local Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive. You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cashback on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app, sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the bankcorp bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and maybe used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casinos home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro, make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


Shout out to Randy Mos, my man beat council man. Shout out to Randy Moss. Man we all been praying for you. Shout out to my brother Randy Moss man. Anybody here, not just them guys. Anybody else that's watching this show? Got family members just beat council. Shout out to y'all. Anybody that's dealing with council man we praying you. You beat council man. We we riding with you. We praying for you man. You know council has destroyed a lot of lies man. Council done destroyed a lot of lies. And don't let these people thank you. They ain't got no cure for it, but they'll never cure that shit. It's more money in the medicine. They'll never cure it. So anybody that's dealing with cancer, anybody that done lost any loved ones to council, man we praying for you man.


I know I done lost a lot of family members of council man. One day they here the next day they gone. Man, it's a sad situation but thank god Randy Moss be hopefully never comes back. And yeah man this the world we live in is different like us youngsters, you know what I'm saying? The older heads on here right now, they'll tell you, man, this ain't the same world they they was living in 20 and 30 years ago. This shit fast paced now it's all about the cell phone, everything digital now. Everybody got their head down and their phones each every day. Ain't nobody up paying attention going on.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna see if y'all could do something for me when you wake up in the mornings man, before you, like before you do anything else man, you should meditate at least five minutes before you touch your phone, before you do anything you should just meditate man for like five minutes man. Real talk like just zone out and, and and just meditate. Whatever it is you thinking about, you just think about it and you put your mind on that man. You put your mind at ease man. We've been programmed by these phones, by these televisions and there's so much shit that we missing like so much shit that we not seeing so much shit that we got kids, we ain't really paying attention to 'em 'cause we on the phones and, and we handling this and we handling that and we getting money.


Sometimes you just gotta chill out and I'm talking to myself as well. You just gotta sit back and relax and be patient and pay attention to the, to the pay attention to the smaller things sometimes man I find myself doing that in my phone all day when I could have been playing with my kids or, or talking to 'em about something. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm working on myself as well. I ain't just preaching to y'all. I'm preaching to myself as well. So let's keep that in mind. Fathers let's, let's continue to be great dads. No matter the circumstances, no matter how big these baby mamas is, don't you stop being a good motherfucking dad because this silly baldheaded ass ho can't get whole way.


Don't let these hoes stop you from being a motherfucking father at the end of the day don't let 'em stop it and get some good women out here that been over backwards for they baby daddy. Baby daddy being in and outta motherfucking jail ain't paying no child support, ain't doing a motherfucking thing but she still reaching out to you wanting you to come see the kid and you ain't doing it. You are unfit ass father and I got no love for no man who ain't taking care of they motherfucking kids. No love for them. I'm only salute a real man is taking care of their kids. That's what I salute. I don't salute no man who ain't trying to help their kids.


I do nothing. I don't respect it. I don't hang around people who gonna take care of their kids either. I don't respect it. Give a damn how bad these big ass striping ass baby mamas is man you, you make them, you take care of 'em man. And that's what we on this year man. Big facts. Real talk. I always been like that. I had a partner back in the day man I was quite always younger, he was always older. He taught me what not to be and that was a unfit ass father man go out and make 10, 12 kids and and thinking that shit cute. You can't be a father of 10 12 kids man. Somebody gonna get neglected man.


I got 10, 12 kids. Yeah but you ain't taking care of none of 'em nigga you a dead beat, you just a sperm dongo man them kids didn't ask to be born but


if you watching this show man, then you gotta know your show being presented by pics. Go and scan that right there. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Real talk. You betting more or less on your favorite player over there on prize picks. That's what we doing man. $5 in you getting 50 instantly square biding. If you can't watch this show go with Apple podcast and Spotify type in the bubble Dub show download it. Boom there I'm popping up and if you ain't watching this show nigga you're trash.


Yeah you going right in here and you're trash told y'all dropped them jersey sizes. I'm finna give away some jerseys. I got her joy in love Jerseys got some Jaylen Hearst jerseys got a Jayden Daniel jersey. I got some cowboy gear I'm gonna be giving away tomorrow night and so stay tuned. Be watching, make sure you tune in tomorrow night on the giveaway. I'm gonna be giving away some jersey, some fanatics bless me. So I'm going to bless y'all like I say with some jerseys as well. Can somebody get hit that number right there? Somebody gimme the final score of the Falcons and the and the Raiders.


You know I had to say something about beating the Grizzley 'cause man trigger finger Morant being giving us the business fastest won 15. The motherfucking nine man a hundred million dollar quarterback can't give you but 15 motherfucking points against the Las Vegas Raiders. Are y'all are y'all are y'all listen to what I'm telling y'all. A hundred million dollar quarterback can only put up 15 points against the lost Vegas Raider. Somebody need get Kirk Cousins outta the right motherfucker. Nah man. Raheem the head coach for the Falcons put put pull the trigger fa it's time to take her cousins outta there.


I don't know what you waiting on. I don't know what you trying to see. Kirk cousin been in the league 12 motherfucking year. Remember he was drafted the same year RG three was drafted. He ain't no motherfucking young chicken. God damnit take him out the game and put Spence Michael Pennix in. Ain't no motherfucking sin ran me hot man. He knows what he He supposed show cover. Hell no shit. When people send me in questions I answer some hell nos or or no and all this and that.


Somebody hit me up and say bubble do man if you were broke dying or not needed help would you rob a bank? Hell no man. People gonna get away with robbing no motherfucking banks. I mean really if you just run into a bank how much money you actually think you gonna really get from that teller? Maybe 2030. That ain't fucking enough. 2030, that ain't fucking enough. See I wouldn't wanna rob no bank. I don't wanna rob nobody or steal nobody but if I ever was going to do something it wouldn't have the word rob to it. It'll be on some more white boy shit like a heist. See black people robbed white people.


Poor heist. It's a motherfucking dear. What's the difference between robbing and a heist? Robbing You might get fucking 50,000 robbing a heist. Millions the motherfucking white folks, them white people get millions a heist. Niggas be on that petty shit. White people do collar crime. They getting to the motherfucking money. Y'all know ain't lying. Bele, that's another word. White people ain't e bele your ass. They American greed. Y'all don't watch the American greed. No motherfucking white boys getting off. It's very seldom you see black people on American greed.


This white people on that motherfucker every day they fucking with the government. These white people stealing from the government. Us niggas, we scared the government. I mean we do a little food stamps, all that shit and shit. But all that white people'll do that shit 20, 30 years and you ain't down. They ain't think they were doing no wrong. Heath white people ain't paying no they they they'll pay restitution but shit that's it. Shout to my white friends out there right now. That the scheming.


Shout out to my wife friend right now that's out there in the world scheming. Think about me when you doing it. God damnit if you scheming a hundred million I want five. I won't say a motherfucking word. E my name in your do and I don't talk. I don't talk. I keep my mind closed. Not talking at all. Frank you can move to Brazil by you big boat. I I tell a wife and the kids you you, you died. You died. I keep that lie for you for five minutes. Shit I'm not bullshitting black people.


We robbed white people. They do ice. Only thing about white people when they commit them heists, they don't like loose ends. If you with 'em they're like to come back and try to get you mur. Black people don't give a down you go your way. I go my way. We ain't going nowhere to our baby mama. How our mama I white people shit that motherfucker going to Brazil, South Africa and all shit. You got to find them white motherfuckers if you look you out there on the ice and thinking it's a goddamn polar brush. Goddamn white boy dressed up as a polar brother. Motherfucker smart now. He slick. He slick gotta watch you that damn that. Know Elon must snuck his way up there with Donald Trump. He's slick. He off the song.


Bill Gates done fucked around and and got his hands on fruits and plants and shit. Y'all better go get I'm Finn start growing my own damn food. Be Gates playing with that damn fruits now I don't want damn damn fruit from the store. Shit. I'm growing my own shit vegetables and shit too. How y'all keep doing shit, y'all thought y'all, some of y'all got scared went out here and took them damn vaccines down and now you can't even sleep with your eyes closed no more. You go to bed with your eyes open. It's that damn vaccine in y'all to let them throw trick. Y'all think y'all needed that damn vaccine or you were going to die? Never. It good lord got me.


If good Lord call me home, that's who gonna call me home. It won't be y'all. You better go get your shot fa shit now looking at you just shaking for no damn reason. You don't know what's going on with your ass. You get shaken and shit now I got you rolling my weed but you can't roll my weed because you know what I'm saying? You shaking. You shaking the weed all off the motherfucking came. Gimme my shit. No you got the shakes. You can't even cut her no motherfucking more because you, you got the shakes look like a nigga got the shakes on my look at my shit. That's why I'm wearing all this now boy. I'm telling you I got a class a lawsuit out against my Barber Wright motherfucker now calling me.


You good fam. Nah I'm good but you ain't. I'm putting your ass on the Houston Chronicle front page Bubba Dub Barber trash. That's how I'm feeling. Y'all. Y'all be laughing and shit. Dub edge you fucked up. That shit hurt. Y'all laughing at my motherfucking there boy. That shit hurt. I hope y'all catch cramps at night. I ain't lying. I hope y'all catch Charlie Horses while y'all having sex. Talking about my badass edge yo. We talking about my T. You can't talk about nothing curly wise bitch wait until I go to your Sunday.


Pastor Parallel White. Yeah I'm not bullshitting you Mon Joe. I know it be fucked up but look, I don't give a damn. I don't give a damn about my as your being fucked up. I'm living life. I'm on here talking shit. Having fun with y'all damn my edge up. Why I'm wearing this motherfucking hat. That's why I'm wearing this hat. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show man. I see y'all again tomorrow night before I go go. I gotta give my trash of the day.


I gotta give my trash of the day to somebody special. Damn dude. Who you gonna give that trash of the day too? And you know who I gotta get in trash every day too. Now I gotta give it to Dave Campbell teeth now you know you on motherfucking TV fam. You can't be doing your motherfucking teeth like that. I wouldn't even do it when I had my old motherfucking teeth. I wouldn't doing like that and for you green like that shit. I don't know what woman in the motherfucking world kissing you Dave Campbell. I know your breast smell like straight up saltine rat shit.


You better not never get no speeches in no goddamn and and like that shit. You gotta do that little thing. You you gotta that thing you gotta talk like that shit. That boy, that boy breath y'all know ain't bullshit boy got that New York, New York City trash can breath. I see you make sure y'all sugar is live for you boy. Man I'm gonna see you all again tomorrow night Lord. Second same peace and blessing them out one The Volume.


Hello it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spins slot games on chum@casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Boost Your trading strategy with signals Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis from $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Oh man. Nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chew right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side. Use as directed


When you choose to earn your degree online From Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.