
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. What if do everybody welcome to The Bubba Dub Show and right back at you. Yeah, Wednesday night. Yeah. So me, you motherfucker didn't even go to Bible study tonight. What You Christians though? You supposed to be in the house of the Lord, but instead you here. Hopefully everybody having a wonderful night man. Make sure you go ahead and hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. And also when you subscribe to The Bubba Dub Show, keep your notifications turned on for your boy. 'cause you never know when we going to drop over him.


Now I gotta go ahead and talk about this. It really shouldn't be nothing to talk about, but we going to talk about it. You know they are saying that Nicole Yoic or the Denver Nuggets is the best big man ever. That's the rumor. That's the word in the streets right now in the NBA that Nicole Yoic is the greatest big man ever that said they ain't never seen a big man shoot the ball like this. They ain't never seen a big man be able to pass the ball like this. Now I got a problem with that 'cause I know Yoki can pass the ball but wasn't Will Chamberlain passing this balls to them women. I'm just saying that's all I'm saying.


Will was passing the ball, took him holes so I don't like that reference right there. But let's get down to it. What we seeing from Yoki this season last night he was 61 point triple double. I don't get it though with this guy. I mean he slow as a motherfucker. He ain't the fastest he, I mean but he's effective. Everything yo is duck. Every shot he take it goes in. I remember against at Series Reed and Lakers versus the Nuggets. He was hitting every motherfucking shot. Every shot he hit, I lost weight. You know ain't that big. You know ain't that big. So after the game I would anorexic, I'm gonna be honest with y'all.


Y'all could call me a hagel. I don't give a damn. I think Yoic on steroids. I I, that's just what I think. That's just what I feel. I think he on something. I know he probably ain't this all a legend. This but he, he, he just that mother fucking good. Y'all shooting threes at the free throw line. Getting rebound, getting blocked. He act like he a motherfucking porn guard. 10 15, 20 assist night. Where is this motherfucker from? I think he got, I think he, I think he a robot. I think he got a IN he don't even give a damn about basketball.


Ain't that something. He don't give a damn about them damn devil nuggets. He'd rather be back at home chasing tigers. That's a Siberia sitting here. Joke is rather be playing with Tigers than being on the court with his teammate. I'm telling you he look bored. That big tall motherfucker look bored. I ain't never seen nothing like it. But is he the drag big man ever? Never that belong to Shaq. Don't be a prisoner of the moment. That's Shaquille O'Neil with him.


So give me big Shaq back boy. Breaking ass him. That's why I take it. I take him over Yoic any day on the goddamn week. Yeah Shaq gang all that waiting in late because them goddamn Christmas out there. Shit. Big you mean shit nigga you not coming talk me. You gonna stay in the house and ball nigga we never gonna win on Shaq. I love you but God shit nigga come ball player any player shit you gonna check him. Tell me online Shaq the greatest center of all time.


Not the most skilled. We, we might have to get at the Yoko right now but boy being dominant, let let me rephrase this boy, boy as being dominant. It gotta go with Shaq skills. You can go with Yoko Yoic or you, you can go with Kareem. Not Kareem, I mean Akeem Elijah one, he had great foot work. We know Kareem had the sky hook luau Cinder his real name but he changed it due to his belief which is Kareem Abdul-Jabbar our praise to Allah. But yeah I think we prisoners in the moment. I don't think we ever seen a, a big man quite as Nicole Yoki before but man we gonna have the sacks.


We gonna have the dreams Kareem the list goes on and on man. But that big motherfucker shoot man all you can't leave behind the three port line. You gonna bus your nose nigga if you running out there he gonna go by you. It's like he gets affected. Whatever he do, he gets good at. He can shoot, he can pass, he can re by, he can block. He gets good at all this shit man I'm gonna be real. He gets good at all this shit And I ain't never seen nothing like it. Somebody say just don't foul Shaq, he ain't gonna make the free throw. Yeah I get, I get that part. That's something Yoka can do because I gotta give it to Nicole Yoic Joel LMB We already know he ain't played all motherfucking year for the Sixers.


He had another knee surgery on his knee. They gotta be a fucked up feeling for the Philadelphia 76 ERs fans. That's like ordering the cheese steak but they bring you outta all veggie sandwich. Get the fuck outta here order a cheese steak. But I got an all veggies wrapped. No them robbed them folk. PG robbed them too. Everybody on feeling it right now. Injured. That damn injury is longer. The CV s the thing a CVS receipt. I don't think Phil got going for them right now is the damn eagles. That's it. Basketball team trash Paul George up there say he ain't in love with basketball no more.


You was in love signing that motherfucker 200 something million dollars check though. I'm that goddamn owner. I'm calling you in your agent goddamn back into my office that's renegotiate nigga you a fucking lemon. You was a Signy Signy car had four jago rims on it. Oh shit you looking good. That's what, that's what Paul George looked to the Philadelphia 76 er. He was in eighth time high. He was a candy Panger car, candy Red maybe on SW with the fifth wheel screens and all that. That's how Paul George looked to the Philadelphia 76 owner. But in hindsight he a fucking limb.


I don't know who made that decision to bring PG over there. Y'all fucked up. Y'all set the team back five years. Five years. Who woke up with that great idea to go get Paul George? I really, I want that motherfucker drug. He think about woke up And we get Paul George we going all the way. Somebody shook fuck slap some reality back in your ass boy Paul George ain't gonna never win great person by the way. Just talking about going to court great person off the on Nipple. He a lemon. That's what it is A lemon.


Hell no I ain't gonna be able to do it. It's another subject I want to chime in on the night too. Me personally I take a Prime bitch Carter over Larry Bird any day of a damn week then don't you bring up them goddamn rings either. Lemme tell you something Bitch Carter knock the goddamn converse off Larry Bird and y'all know it. Y'all couldn't put Larry Bird on no Prime against Fody a night Fody a night. Y'all gonna stop disrespecting this quarter like that. Y'all giving Larry Bird too much credit he ring up against Imagine.


Imagine what having for boy after the game Damnit. You want know the truth there. It's damnit. We gonna talk it. We gonna talk the real on this damn show. Hell girl. Well all letting y'all know it all because he, he was white and he could shoot, he could shoot a three. That ain't shit. My grandpa father a 24 motherfucking kid now that's something Father and 24 y'all real brain on Larry Shit.


Mary Bird was average and y'all know it. Look at what I can get mad now. I love Bird y'all nigga love I I'ma tell y'all something I seen from you negro when I said that last week about Larry Bird. Y'all say what y'all say man you can't be complain Larry Bird and and Local. That ain't right. You can't be doing that comparison. But it's okay for me to compare niggas every every day though I could. I couldn't compare the two white men but when I com, when I compare the niggas y'all lu at Malcolm Mix. I ain't pleased with you   Now tell me I'm lying.


Y'all know I ain't lying. I seen the comments y'all full of shit. Give me, give me Vince car. That's all I'm saying. Give me Finn Larry Bird bag as niece couldn't hold no Vince all across the world say that all because they smell don't give me that. Who would like to beg to differ. We can talk about it. It's all all love on this show. I'm just giving you my opinion. Don't mean my shit counts. I'm just giving you my opinion. What I would do, I would take Bitch Carter over Larry Bird. That's just me. Some of y'all saying Steph and Curry knows there's a better point guard than Magic Johnson.


I think you a damn lie. Better sugar. Absolutely but better overall. No Magic was on Paddle sleeping with sleeping with all them women before game after game at the Playboy mansion taking pictures Godda it starting to center. Godda doing that All magic turns to and who he really wants to be inside. It's EJ right now. I'm telling you it comes out in your kids. I'm just being honest. Deep inside Magic was was was Ben Rain when he played holiday?


I don't wanna talk about that though. Y'all remember holiday Ben Ray? What's the name of that movie? Ben Rain played that goddamn boy a look too good for me. He didn't character man nigga never a holiday heart. That's it. Go back to some of these so-called gangster wanna go out here and hurt innocent people and all this and that all macho man. But when they girl or they mama league high, they putting on dresses and everything They I want to tell me you like that.


No just saying everything ain't what he seen Ja Wick out here playing like he on Call of Duty Bow Bow and all this and that but I'm NBA. I'm about playing with you And I know just a gesture. I get it but they ain't damn trying to hear that shit for them. They already think you a thug. Damn I'm rooting for Ja wig man. Real nigga really wanna be a sugar boy. Ain't the lie. If you want boy you act like you really want be in nigga.


That ain't the lie though. It's some boys ain't never coming home dog Jay. The men looking like women to them back in that mother. You understand what I'm saying? They ain't the lie. Your woman, You know art imitate life. You ain't mother unless real guns off state guns you going, you gonna learn one way or another tired of your name popping up in the news. Even though you ain't done nothing legally wrong but they going to paint that picture on you big dog.


That's all I'm saying. We need to get you outta Memphis. We need to get you down here in Ace Town for a good old trade. Get your ass down here sipping on some goddamn syrup. Take you by another Frenches maybe Tim Chan. Yeah steak 48. Yeah run you through the screw up. Click then let you go to the north and high less Slim Thug. God bring you to a Astro game. Get you a grill. A real grill by Jungle dang and Paw Wall damnit everything going be okay but long to y Wicked Memphis. He don't do Memphis shit. Them niggas down there in Memphis don't bullshit. Y'all put one in your ass, it can even be your birthday. They don't give a damn man they my birthday.


Bye that's Memphis and go right down on be street and eat BB King on barbecue. Niggas died named Memphis because I go down through, I got my head Tuck looking straight ahead bitch me and my girl riding, you see him looking at me. I don't see shit bitch I don't see nothing. You better face the road like me. You better hold your pee 'cause any nigga down holler the truth. They got you. I'm not arguing with now nigga for Memphis. They done show me what happened in Memphis then Martin Luther King died. Shit I'm not, I'm not fucking around down there in InTown shit.


Yeah we gotta get Jain outta Memphis. Gotta get Mag Hce Town is a good destination. What else y'all think y'all could see? Ja Ja Ja Wick at right now. I'd say Hce Town, maybe even Phoenix per over there. Booker get Bradley Bill Ila this summer. Yeah he lemon too. Get Bradley bill up, bring in Ja Durant book. Maybe you got something but I'm hearing KH time. Think about Ja Wick go H Town with kd. Woo. Yeah I'm putting something on y'all mind. Not Hce time.


Yeah Kevin Durant and Ja Wick ain't a rocket uniform. Hell back to back like the cums there You know man shit. Ja won't be with Memphis next year. I guarantee you that too big of a star, too big of a fish. They gonna get him. Memphis ain't no too big of a hug for him. They the NB agon find a way to get him out. I'm telling y'all, y'all gonna get like four, five first round picks. It's gonna be some fuckery but y'all going ja ja wick outta there.


Shit I wouldn't mind seeing him in New York but Memphis shit to get him up out there. Now another thing I'm gonna ask y'all talk to y'all tonight too. On some serious tip on some real shit. Who had the bigger impact? Michael Jordan, A Steven Curry. I want y'all to think about that before y'all answer that. Who had the bigger impact on the game of the NBA? Was it MJ or is it Curry? Now we know what MJ brought to the motherfucking guy. I want to be like my baldheaded Greg and shoe ever Darking. No motherfucker hitting buzzer. Beagles beating up teammates, snorting powder, sipping ya cigars all allegedly talking about mj motherfucker eyes ain't just yellow off cigar.


Yeah I can tell somebody else that weed don't make your eyes yellow too. That motherfucker was on so else allegedly you. You say what you want motherfucker eyes aint just yellow off no goddamn look and go little so You know what you think Marcus got it from Come Marcus on right now Ing shit like Lil Wayne song and Birdman like father like son. See these are the things y'all mother don't want talk about. These are the topics that I'm going to touch on God damnit because we need it.


I need you need it. That motherfucker Michael Jordan eyes yellow, goddamn crocodile eyes have that motherfucker and y'all wanna know why he was so dialed in, why he was so motherfucking cls he don't get crushed like that. They wasn't on pills like that what they was on. They think other people were p had them alert, had them jumping out the chamber. That's why they called him Black kids get on that shit. You can't stop MJ baby away, baby face away. Then I go in there and on MJ with him but it wasn't off Looking shit goals though


Spring is in the air and at Minky Couture we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth love and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone's special. Our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our Minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug today.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott, I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is oh he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Curry had not throwing impact like people said they gonna shoot us before him. So you saying the NBA had shooters before Curry shooting that kind of distance the way Curry has been able to do with the NBA right now. I'm gonna be like quite honest When we say impact, I don't even think it's neither one of these guys. I think it's Alan Iversson. I think Alan Iversson had more impact on the NBA than any other NBA player ever. And I know Jim MJ is, is is regarded as as the goat. Okay cool. I don't think his impact was bigger than what AI brought to the game.


The the the the tattoos. The the style, the flavor, the braid, the the the the grit. The thug ness. Like, like David Stern had to implement a dress code 'cause AI was straight thug, baggy pants, baggy shirts, baggy ev necklaces, timbering boots. Hey AI used to have 10, 15, 20 killers with to play Boss I nigga like had Tupac them on the sideline. I I'm not bullshitting you like Tupac was in above the rim. Them the car posse AI had with him and them niggas meant business.


AI changed the game man. Yeah goddamn David Stern tried their best to get that damn thug outta there. But AI was too damn great. They nigga in ai, David Stern couldn't get rid of him. He was too great when that motherfucker crossed MJ up them white people that colored Alvin ver Allen Iverson. I don't give a damn. That motherfucker went this way. MJ went the other way. Oh my God I thought MJ was the greatest athlete ever until this son a bitch come in all the PAC tools and shit. God this guy's amazing.


Yeah. Hey I with him. So I would say for me my opinion Alan Iversson had a bigger impact on the NBA than anybody has ever have Man. And we should get that man his flowers while he's living because You know I don't kind of like how they did AI on his way out but it is what it is. Politics, whatever it is. AI man bubble Chuck. Yeah. Change the game from From what? From what I've seen. I know I got a lot of older people on here. Y'all might say Magic and Bird, I'm not gonna dispute that or MJ or LeBron or Kurt Co.


But for me ai. Yeah AI was truly him. I'm from jump in the chat, y'all let me know what y'all think. Hey y'all keep talking about rings but we ain't talking about rings bro. We ain't, we ain't talking about rings when we talking about, we talking about the overall of a game. Yes. MJ got six. Yes people been got six. Robert Glory got seven. Kobe got, Kobe got five, Shaq got four D, Wade got three, Bron got four.


Okay. But Impact, I gotta go with AI And I don't know if y'all fellas know this what's been going on right now with, with with with these hoes. But that cash money don that motherfucking tax money Don and he hold back in a bind again. You ain't heard from the old two or three months getting a text now? Hmm? That mom miss you Now You keep that musty motherfucker. Where is it? I don't know. Get you two months ago you didn't want to hit me back. I busy. Is that all you think about? Yeah Now you want some money Now you a do you hear you now thousand five.


Hell you bad something will fit you. You see full ball eating, lobster crab, big catfish eating ass motherfucker. I'm doing what I wanna do. I'm I'm balding. Your ass ain't balding now looking out the window every time you hear a truck you think it's the repo aint yours. Let them call me 'cause I'm the one co-sign for that motherfucker. Let them call me. Call me get it. I co-signed for one of the whole car. Them ho they want do what I told him do. I told people come pick this son, bitch up called me somebody just stole my car. No he did.


That's he called. They come. Got it. Yeah. You ain't been thinking back out you now, now back on your feet yo. Yeah I'm gonna go right down there and get it out and give it to my other ho. Come God got you. You pop me a car. Indeed and fucking indeed. Who was thinking about you? Me I was you here now Bend over. I'll take another car from a chick and give it to another I I got some cut ears.


I got some cut early y'all I not bullshitting you. You should have seen the way she came. Right and out that apartment for that car. Come on. Yeah that damn right I'm the man by the 2012 boy yo leather seats boy. I'm something like a god to her. I said hold on baby. I ain't number one guy and he up there. I ain't none of that know he made man in his own image. But I am not God I'm Bubba do come come here on watching this show. You know we being presented by Prize pitch man. Yeah going over there down there right now. Hey man scan that barcode.


Type in my promo code trash with the two Hs. It's more or less on your favorite player. Put $10 in. They giving you 50. Yep. I been running nigga up. I been rung nigga up the last two days. Yep. I'm rung nigga up on Now. You won. Rung it up. You better put your pics in right now if you can't watch my show go with Apple Podcast. Go with Spotify. Download The Bubba Dub Show. Boom. Now you in business. Watch me on your phone, watch me on your tv. Watch me on your tablet. I don't give a damn where you watching me at. Long as you watch your boy boy now I don't know y'all been following what's been going on up there with Trump. With Trump signing every goddamn thing they give to him. He gonna sign these goddamn terrorists and goddamn everything going up. God Roman noodles $7 and 99 cents again.


You think Marvin said lock them doors? Damn. Hold on because shit thing get tight. Somebody owe you some money right Now. You better go and get it if it gonna be a recession bubble. Yeah the clubs don't be packed but ain't nobody buying no drinks or no damn hookers. Yeah this gonna be the most cost efficient high girl summer ever. Watch I'm not bullshitting Everything ain up prices on everything is shit. $14 a card. Shit. Telling you now hold what you got. Hold it.


Don't you spend no motherfucking dime. I ain't bullshitting that goddamn officer boy. I'm telling you that motherfucker ain't bullshitting. He go down there back to Florida had them golf games God damnit and when he come back up there they don't even, he don't even look at the paper. They say sign it signing every motherfucker. Damn right you Mexicans, y'all safe. I'm talking about the legal ones. Y'all safe right now. Y'all ain't got nothing Worry about he fire ice and he finna fire el goddamn Mexican. I told my goddamn Mexican landscape the other day. You okay nigga you ain't got to keep calling me asking me do I need my yard mo motherfucker You know it's been three weeks.


Get your ass over here. Them folks ain't fucking with you. They don't want you. You get your ass out here and cut that goddamn zero turn on and get my yard back the way it used to look And I mean it too. I'm gonna give you a two hour ray. I want my yard back the way it used to be on a weekly basis. I had the best yard. I here not my shit ain't ain't like it used to be because this motherfuckers scared. I don't like all that. Mm You bring your good cutting grass ass back over here smiling And I throw you a bottle of water from time to time out there and commend you on your work.


But God damnit bring your ass Nickle, bring your hair.


I folks out here where I'm from, from East Texas. Y'all been seeing a couple people names on them. PPP loan legal folks alone. Them folks were getting that money and and at the end of the day y'all knew y'all supposed to pay that motherfucking money back. Y'all knew that shit you done got $200,000 and God damn it, you ain't think these white people gonna forgive it when you gonna lost your rabbit damn mine. Now when they come get you Now you wanna make payments. I I you shoulda made payments before like a nigga car get repoed man I'm fucking gonna make this payment. It's too late Nick. You gotta make the payments before. Before. Yeah so, but I see people laughing at people. It ain't funny at the end of the day, ain't nothing funny about going to jail. Y'all ain't ain't ain't gonna motherfuck thing about funny about going to jail because Now you got to spend money on a lawyer. You gotta spend money bonding now and it gets just a whole lot And I get it. You you can get that kinda money. You was excited I got homeboys who got 150 $200,000 and goddammit they broke them a motherfucker Now why? Because they was in them lounges. They were buying hookers pussy and and call fake mo in that jury and got a seafood ball and Gucci Louie and now they ain't got a motherfucking pop to piss in and throw it out. You bad. Some of YI remember when you got money throwing the C eight court vest new. Remember new Corvette came out there and Covid niggas would get them couldn't tell them nothing. Bowling hard every day of the week bowling like it wasn't no tomorrow. Now you motherfuckers back in the church house on the front crew crying to God y repent. I remember how y'all acted and God did to y'all had that money y'all niggas wouldn't go to church, wouldn't give God no kind of pray. Sure as you go bro. Father God help me. Don't call on him when you're doing bad. Call on him. When you're doing good too life or teach you something, life will humble you. What you thought was something wasn't nothing. Sometimes distractions come as attractions. Do you hear me? Yeah. Something that you got you think is good is looking good is it's really a distraction. Oh it's fun when you in Oh it's fun when you in telling y'all some lot real shit man. I'm giving you real gems baby. I know somebody watching this show right now and, and and and and feeling everything I'm saying to 'em 'cause it's facts. Sometimes distractions come as attracts and these motherfuckers are gorgeous. Bad motherfuckers make you leave a baby with fever at the house to go and get it. But you gotta be smart. Yeah I know that motherfucker bad but I know if I put this Johnson on or she gonna be a mental patient because I'm like that I drive crazy. Drive crazy. Yeah not so you hear that he oh not so you hear that. Are we evil? Are we evil? How y'all feeling tonight though man? I'm feeling great. I'm feeling wonderful man. You can catch me this weekend. LA Friday man's going down. We the ones tour Saturday. I'm in Oakland Sunday I'm in Arizona. It's going down man.


I'm, I'm blessed but the one thing I wanna talk to y'all about man by being blessed And I can know when success comes losses, sometimes you can fight your whole life to try to move up And you praying to God to help you move up. But what you don't see is losses of people that you'll never think that you will lose along the way. Whether it's mentally or physically. You gonna lose some people. Everybody ain't gonna understand your leveling up the little old play for shit you used to do. You ain't with it no more 'cause you see a bigger picture shit you pray for ain't what everybody else pray for.


You know what I'm saying? So you have to look at shit differently through a different lens now of how people view you, how people look at you. Sometimes people can be right along with you but if you start inching a little bit ahead of them Now you, they kind of resent you a little bit. Why he get to move up And I didn't or why she got to move up And I didn't. People start looking at you in a total different light. Ain't that you done nothing to him at all. Just success brings greed when you try to talk to somebody or tell somebody something now they feel like you're hating on telling y'all. Man be careful what you pray for. I know a lot of people won't be rich but be careful about being rich.


Yeah you can be rich but all your people turn their back on you Now. You ain't got nobody to trust or do you pray that everybody around you getting money, everybody around you rich. It ain't fun being the only people ain't it ain't fun to be the only person with money 'cause everybody depending on you buy this buy and buy and and they count your pockets. They don't know what you got but you put on that persona like you got it all. But they don't really know so they thinking you got it and they going to keep taking, taking and take and take and take. Success is like Tupac say fortune and Fame.


Hey gotta be careful what you pray for man? Tell people all the time somebody ask me something now like bubble what advice can you give me? Be careful what you pray for. Yeah 'cause it could come but it ain't gonna be the way you want it though. Yeah you going I'm eating. Yeah but your stress cost this your stress cost. Hey ah, that shit just bothers you man. And that stress shit to me is nothing but the devil. That devil find its way when you weak that's when the devil creep in and get you but you gotta be high spirit. You gotta, You know what I'm, I'm vy than that. I'm not gonna let nobody ruin my day. Not my moment. Not, I'm not gonna let nobody do that. I'm, I'm, I'm in control And when you in control, great things don't happen.


Some of you probably still ain't got a job yet. It's coming. Keep applying. Keep applying. It's going to come. I promise you that I can get over here overnight. I had tons of help along the motherfucking way, had tons of help but I wanted to help myself first And that's all it take. Once you start getting the motherfucking ball rolling ain somebody else gonna want come in and help you going to, that's how it go. But you can't be on no one time to go and there ain't somebody else pulling it ain't gonna work. That's when God will get to separating the sheep from the block. Just like them wolves running in and try to divide.


Can't divide shit over him. We together, we together at He knows what he saw And you Part of the show. People hit me up and ask me certain stuff, questions And I let 'em know if it's hell no. Could I see myself, could I see LeBron James playing for somebody else next year? Hell no bro. Ain't even no motherfucking la for what? What the hell they gonna go and get the what? What can get up? Yeah bro ain't going no motherfucking well gonna retire in LA and them facts Jack Long as Bronny on the Lakers bro ain't playing for now another organization.


You can believe that tomorrow night we got Golden State. I-P-L-I-P-L-I wanna go down there to the locker room. I want smoke one of them roll freshly blunts from running. I know that motherfucker hitting like a two two train Give. Damn. Y'all can say what you want. He all you want but Bronny James wrote a blessed blunts and that's all I know. Snoop Dogg King out rolled no motherfucking Bronny. Lakers gonna beat the dog. She got Golden State tomorrow. I I can't wait to pay y'all play y'all big live mouth motherfucker. We got Jimmy Butler.


Isha Butler. Neville in LA too. Lakers by 12 tomorrow And I knew no curry big on fire hiding fist grease the other night with the 52 he hit. Shout out to Curry on that. When you coming to la coming to the crypto Now you in your ass beat running through y'all tomorrow. I'm putting Luca down for 35, bro for 27 ar for 26. See I say it And I say it again. Baked pie, apple pie, mom's pie, les and pie. That's my time and I'm out The Volume.


It is true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause and MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.