
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole Different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on prom. Video makes the catch touchdown. This week the Denver Broncos visit the Los Angeles Chargers in a game with big playoff implications. This is unbelievable. Coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Chargers Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


The Volume Come. Come here. Welcome to the bubble. Do so. Welcome to the Bubble Dove Show. Hit the like button. Damnit you watching? Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button too. You know what you came here to do today? You know what's going up North Carolina built as? Don't be coaching that this year and up on the Carolina hops. Right. Big Cooper Rush. Not the one threes today.


Lamb hooking up like people told y'all. Six, eight it over. It ain't over. You'll never know when it's over until the Fat Lady scene. The fat lady ain't sung yet. Do I think we gonna the Super Bowl? No, but can we sneak in the playoffs? You damn right we can. You see Rico rung that motherfucker ball and they, I had to take my glasses off. I thought it was Emmett Smith. Rico ran that rock. 25 carriers. 49 yards. Now that's how you run the damn ball.


That's how you run the ball. Run it down your, if some of y'all you too. It's Carolina. I don't give a damn. It's a win is a win. And I'm gonna take it. Mike McCarthy finally, finally got the playbook right. Just throw the ball with CD, lamb and everything else for be okay. That's what they did today. So I screamed Little bubble, little bubble screen the in and Out. Debbie, come here CD Lamb on the stat. He's on the stat book today. Y'all talked about it last week saying he didn't do nothing even though he gave us 110% F of last week, he still didn't have the stats.


He got them today. I just wish the dollar Cowboy could have been playing like this early in the season when we were taking them damn ams. That's the only thing during early in the season we took too many damn ams. But I gotta think about it. That's because we had Dak Prescott as our quarterback. Dak ain't no motherfucking league. I dunno about y'all, but I like what I'm seeing from the running back Rico. I like what I'm seeing from him. He Elliot Joe Fagg ass. And go. I know about they keep putting you in for you can go.


If you are a Dallas Cowboy fan today, you ought to be excited. You can put the links on the pit today. Potato salad today. Baked beans today, ribs today. Chopped brisket today. The beer tastes better when your team win. The liquor tastes better when your team win. Y'all on here trying to kill my joy. Shit you not gonna kill my joy. I'm gonna go for my team. Win or lose Sometime I might switch sometime I might stay home but damn it, when we win I'm always gonna beat Will. Unfortunately I'm not gonna always be with you.


Ask my cousin, run bam. I need you to look out for me right quick. Rung in these folks house be he couldn't even get out the house. Good. I already had dialed 9 1 1. It's been a burglary. You get your good ass in jail. Run you wanna steal, you going to jail Cge Lamb four years in the league, four straight years of over a thousand yards. Ain't nobody else for the Cowboys ever done that but knows Michael Earth. Cge Lamb is him and he that motherfucker too Ball. He supposed to drop he them.


That's all I'm saying. You got one job, catch the motherfucking ball and catch it. That's what Cge Lamb did today. Probably them Dallas Cowboys. Man they got me outta the jam today. I'm feeling so motherfucking good. My parlay hit. You can't tell me shit right now. You can't tell me shit. New Orleans ain't fans where you at? You gonna took another damn l some bad ass saints. Y'all started the season not on fire now you Alaska Roller cold trash. God Commanders pulled it out 2019 today. Jay Daniel went down there, put it on them New Orleans gun Both Saints that what they did the nine nine make them say that's what the commander made New Orleans do they y'all you you fan being quiet for about seven, eight motherfucking weeks.


The alligator go. Ain't waking your ass up no more. Is it? That the reality now. Back to reality now. God will humble your ass won't we Y'all, y'all put that ass whooping on no cowboys. Y'all talk shit to me for four months straight. You ain't talk shit. No you ain't talk shit no more. What happened? What happened you now? And I don't like that. Keep the same energy you been having Jam Winston winning just the chief today.


Pam Mahon. I don't know what going on with you. 19 for 38 trash. You get your completion percentage. Your fam that ain't yet. Even though y'all won Jam. Winston had three motherfucking intercessors. Fix your eyes. Nickel. What's the use to going watch film if you ain't gonna do what you supposed to do on film is supposed to help you correct the mistakes. You still making mistakes as a head coach. I pulled you out that motherfucking game so fast. I don't give a damn about them Good ass speeches.


You giving nigga you gonna give them good speeches, you better gimme good play Three Mother. I mean none. Come on jam. I'm rooting for you fam. I'm hoping the NFL team give you a big contract but God damnit fam you you, you hurting your chances right now. You hurting your chances right now with your damn play. You out there looking like Jake Deone and I do mean looking like Jake Deone too. Damn Adam Rogers. Yep, Camille Jaguar. No damn Jaguar just can't get it Right.


And guess what Lil Val you owe me a stack. I want my money. I want my motherfucking money too. Little Val. I told you I Jaguar wasn't gonna do a motherfucking thing and they not ain't gonna never win. Never. You take up and you damn like I'm betting on Buffalo today. What you want be you fucking run through big meet Detroit Lines. Watch us. You watch what we do to Detroit today. You watch see Back for Buck 30 today two Cooper, Jack, Josh, Allen come here.


I know, I know Detroit a good ass team. I'm not gonna sit up here and take nothing away from Detroit. I'm not gonna do it but I'm telling you your Eminem spa Detroit Lines ain't gonna win today. Josh Allen for show y'all something. Jim Kelly is rolling over in this damn bed right now. You see my boy Tac just bought the Buffalo bill. Him and Vince car in the couple. I told Tmac I I now out I got to use your suite. Told me no problem, told me no motherfuck problem And here we go.


Odell Beckham has been released. Odell Beckham, one of them fish that you catch and you really mean he ain't what you want. You throw him back. That's what, that's what the Dolphins did. Odell Beckham, your ass got them. You know you ain't damn Dolphins get of you. They need all the mother help. They can get them Texan. Oh thing traffic is what number? 80 fos Powow. Lil Kiki Zero. All them tipping on four folds today.


Now CJ Strip pulled it out Texas. Y'all won but y'all ain't hot as y'all was early in the season. That's because the do injuries. I'm just going keep it 100. Y'all don't look like the same team Tex y'all don't. But you are winning. I'm gonna give you credit. Y'all are winning. Y'all pulled that off today. Y'all drown them H Vent Dolphins. That's what you did. But they didn't even let Odell get to the game. They released Odell win nigga you go. I told y'all Tyreek Hill ain't not Boo got it with no gas in him. He ain't going no damn where to need to retire.


Need to retire. Give him motherfucker some picks and go out and get Sha door. Go out and get Sha door. Miami don't wanna go no damn wr bring Sha to Miami nigga. Show that mother bro. Don't y'all know what the league could be like with Shado there Miami? Do you know what the league could be like with Sha there Miami with on that team now Coach won't be living no motherfucking more. I bet you that that Sha go Miami. Miami. Shit, it's on. Must be Make it me Shine me.


Hey I'm telling y'all Miami go. I can get your dog if you wanna win. If you wanna win, you'll go out and get your door. You, you'll get with somebody. A good trade package. Get you some good draft picks for for do. That's all you gotta do. It's all about bettering your team. I


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life@cmbacasino.com. Vtw group. No purchase necessary void web, prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.


Hey guys, Rob Parker here to tell you that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get the great deal on a dependable new truck. Like the rugged half ton tundra. Combining raw capability with premium comfort and advanced tech to fuel your wildest adventures. Or check out the Tacoma delivering trail dominating power and captivating style. The new Tacoma was born to make your off-roading dreams come true. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


How crispy are the new deli? X crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one of the microwaves. I'm, yeah, deli X crispy quesadillas or crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli me Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle. Guess what I'm on right now. Shout out to Travis Hunger. He won the Heisman.


He deserved it. He earned it. One of the best two way players I ever seen played the game. A nice young man. A memorable young man on the field off the field, making good grades. A class act teammate. Man, I couldn't be more proud than Travis Hunger man. I really, I I And and just to see Coach Prime there with him, his girl Lil W and Shado in New York to, to support him and the speech he gave about his dad, man he was touching. It's good to see young men like that man with that kinda attitude, that kind of mind frame that he's got right now. Now he's gonna go far, he's gonna do great things in the in affair. And so them other young men up there who didn't win the Heisman but they gonna do great things in the league too.


Shout out to y'all as well. There's no knock on y'all 'cause y'all didn't win man. All y'all some young hell of a studs man. Keep up the good work I'm proud of. Everybody was up there. That was in the final. I'm proud of everybody was up there on that. Man. Real talk. I I can't even, I can't even lie to y'all on that man. How y'all feeling this Sunday? Go man. I'm man, y'all can see I'm in good spirits man. I'm I'm man cowboy one man. I, man, I got my phone on they, it ain't gonna do nothing disturb right now. Now I bet you had my phone ain't gonna do do not disturb now. Guess what? It ain't ringing either. Them text messages ain't coming in now. Wait, bring your ass here now.


Talk to me. I wanna talk. I shit wait till I go to the store in the morning. Shit. I'm going right early. I'm gonna be in that store in the morning talking cash shit. 30 to 14. That's a ass whooping to me. No damn was a payoff. I can't do nothing with no cowboy. Bow, bow bow. That's what we do. Bow bow. We'll put that damn line down. We put that line down. I'm from Texas. We go fishing without goddamn license too. We go deer hunting without license too.


That's what we do down here in Texas. Pretty much. Our ass is illegal bro. I don't give a damn about no paying no pounds to doubt. I don't care now. Who won? Bet me that the Buffalo bills be up on the Detroit line. Who want it? Who want this bet right now today. I'm willing to bet anybody right now. Bring your bad ass in. You on my show right now. Bring your bad ass in and bet me.


Give damn what you headed the Arrow. Arrow head Chiefs ain't going for damn my home limping off the field. I tell y'all what y'all bet not shoot him up with no back. Like y'all dig him in the Super Bowl against the Eagle. Y'all shot that boy out with nothing. Dope. My home. Dagg didn't even know him after the game. Boy. Mahome was talking in Tongues put him on that good dope. If you that Prescott don't you get no good ideas? Closer and closer. We get to the player all of a sudden you gonna be magically healed. No you not nigga you OutCo.


Damn if the lion win, you gonna see me. I ain't gonna, I ain't ducking and hiding shit. If the lion win, I come right back on her but I don't see it. I got the lines going to the Super Bowl. I do got that. This might bigger a Super Bowl game right here. Yeah in the Super Bowl it cut bigger lines in the bills. Y'all ever think about that Ravens won that. They big up on the Giants but that's the Giants who ain't beating up on them. The more got this groove back today.


But anybody don't get that groove back. It's the New York Giants. New York Giants need to sell that damn franchise. Man y'all need to let somebody, everybody that damn franchise man. Because that ain't what it do. Y'all getting y'all as beat every motherfucking Sunday. New people in New York don't deserve that shit man. They don't deserve that. They deserve better but they ain't getting it. They ain't fucking getting it.


Watching this show then you know this show being presented by prize pitch going download the no one sports thing app in the game right now. Scan my promo code, type in trash with the two Hs. You will get a discount. You put the $5 in, they going to instantly give you 50. Yeah. You betting more or less on your favorite player or without prize picks. Like I say, I won that day. You could have won two. You put your picks in. What you waiting on? If you can't watch my, all you can do is listen then go to Apple podcast or go to Spotify. Type in the bubble dub show. That's all you gotta do. Download it. I need them download. I need that chat to get up. I need them mics on now. I need them comments. Master fire. I need your help. Let's go.


Let's go Sunday evening man. Who went to church this morning? If you went to church this morning, man put them praying hands up if you went to church. I didn't go but I went in my living room though. Put my head down father. God forgive me all sin that I done committed but I'm coming to your big man. I need a favor. He said Bubba, do you all out of favor with me this year. But what do you want? I want my cowboy stolen. Damn it. We won. Damn it. We won. Somebody said they won 1200. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. Get that paper. Get that paper. It's don't be scared of it.


Scary money don't make no money. Do you hear me? Scary. Money don't make no money. Lemme tell y'all some real stuff about y'all. Keep talking about my grandma. Lemme tell y'all something about my granny. Man. My grandma, I love that woman to death. Boy. She did some things for me but my grandma was wrong man. My grandma used to leave me at the house with my gay uncle and I ain't got nothing against la gay. I I, I love him to death. But my grandma used to leave me at the high with my gay uncle man. Me and my cousin man. And my uncle, he was slick. He would try to gig us in his room but we would never go. So he tried to take the P, he took the PlayStation and put it in his room and tried to trick us in there. But I know better than this shit uncle.


You can't fool me nigga. Put that goddamn PlayStation in the living room with a big TV at. I'm not going in that dark ass room. You understand? My grandma used to leave me with this man man. But I was smart. I wasn't falling for that. That's the kind of motherfucking game my grandma wanna play with me. I'm talking about she leaving me with Peewee her everybody in family but Mike uncle now. And I'm telling you grandma and them leave. He coming out with women earrings on.


And what you think about these motherfucker take grandma shit off nigga. Nigga on a girl. What the fuck with you? I know I'm young. I know what's going on. That woman you been having coming real front. You don't want her. You want musty on meetings. That's what you want. That's why you keep going jail. Them niggas who keep going back and forth to jail, y'all, they got somebody in there and whoever in there giving it to them too. Holding them at night. Hell rocking them sleep.


They gonna stand by some of you women. You women be on here bragging about your man. My band been to jail for five times. He a real nigga. Yo nigga was in there laying up with them meals. Now he wanna come home and be hard all of a sudden. But he was softing now. Yo nigga was cooking breakfast for another man and drink. But all a sudden now he come home. He hard stop it. You were folding clothes in the nook. I wanna come out and go on the streets and slap me. Stop it. Stop it right now. I'm sick of the nonsense. Got these women fooled my man.


A killer. Your man a straight up. You know what your man like it from the back side to side slipping slide. Yeah. He hard to you. He a twine in them. We gonna talk about it now. Everybody go to jail ain't gay. I ain't saying that but I'm saying for some of these niggas they be slick coming back home and talking about what they were doing and nothing. You wasn't doing all that. You were throwing   hairs arching your back in that motherfucker. That's what you come home in front of all us, all of the boys And and and Ka like you were at.


You wasn't you wasn't him. You wasn't never him on the streets. How you gonna be human now? You can't lie to me and you can't lie to God When you walked in you were straight. Now you come home now you got a limp. What you looking for now? You like, you like wearing slides all. You don't like tennis shoes. You like slide women like slides. Nigga don't stay at JC Penn and real nigga don't bid no JC pennies. Nigga. We go to Mason's now. Sax Nortrom numerous.


You in JC pennies talking about it's the sales for me. Stop it. Meaning that boy. That's what you mean. You ain't got no job on but you got them new Jordan. What's going on? I got them white, North Carolina. I ain't got no job and you ain't hustling. I know. Bought it. That boy bought it. I can get you a problem. Know the hell. You can't. You can't give me nothing and I mean it. He knows what and he's Shit.


Somebody at me. What I do time somebody stab me. What I do any jail time? Hell no do not doing no goddamn jail time. All that shit. I talk about jail. You think IA be in there with them? No shit. I told you Tom, I had went to jail. Shit. I'm a trustee. I'm bringing y'all breakfast. I'm sick. I'm not being in there with y'all. I am blowing my damn girl phone up when I went to jail. She what? Going on over How you get on the phone? Don't worry. It just best she gone that hamburger steak.


I'll be home just in time for it. I'm a hamburger steak eating with the and the gravy. You can't miss me with that hamburger steak with the Dr. Pepper to go with it. Man, I hurt myself. Y'all. I'm not playing with y'all. Just not tuning in this show then. You know I been going out about them damn cowboys. I thought you wasn't a cowboy fan. You thought wrong. You thought wrong. I go give how many that's business. This cowboy shit personal. And when we kick ass it feels kick ass.


Oh yeah. I don't know how y'all feeling but I'm feeling good. I'm feeling watch these B Buffalo bills dig up on these lines. That's what I'm gonna watch. That's what Dov feel to watch. Y'all stay tuned. Y'all stay motherfucking tuned to what I got going on. Make sure you got your notifications on right now. Make sure you got them on goddamn damn. Hell Cowboys here and we ain't going nowhere. We ain't going nowhere. Y'all keep watching. Peace of Love Out The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Vtw group, no purchase necessary void web, prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending With realtime notifications, kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.