
The Volume. Welcome to the Bubble Dub show. Man. Super Bowl weekend gets watch the fabulous game between the Philadelphia Eagles and the Kansas City Chiefs. I'm gonna give y'all time to get in the chat man. I know some of y'all high. I know some of y'all drunk. I know some of y'all won money. I know some of y'all gotta find y'all new place to stay so I'm gonna give y'all time man. But for right now, hit the like button. Yeah, come on. Hit the like button for your boy, man. Real talk man. Make sure you turn your notifications on, make sure you subscribe to the show as well. Man, we down here in New Orleans. I wanna give a shout out to Dave and Bustles man for holding us down the whole weekend.


Shout out to them on that. Hang on, let's just dive straight into the game today. The Philadelphia Eagles dropped bird shit all over the Chiefs today. That's just what happened. Pat Mahome trash been down there all motherfucking weed eating crawfish and looked like he was on lower paths the whole damn game. That ain't the Pat Mahome that I know and that y'all most of y'all know Eagles talking ass up today. Ain't ain't no excuses about this and that. I thought Andy Reed had the coach in advantage over the, over the Philadelphia Eagle. But the Philadelphia Eagle had to play advantage him when got mean by that. The Chief's offensive line didn't do a damn thing all night. They was on they ass the whole damn night. That's what I saw.


That's what you saw. Kansas City chief defense could not control Jalen her. He was throwing the ball as well as running the ball. Jalen her had 221 passing yards. Two tds, one intercepts had one had 11 carriers for 72 yards. Yeah. Jaylen hurts ringing that motherfucker like a Ford F-150 and they couldn't do a motherfucking thing about it. Steve Pacman Nola supposed to be the best defensive coordinator in the world. Ain't worth a damn over there arguing and shit. No fix this shit now. But they didn't. I wanted give props to the Philadelphia Eagles what they was able to do. Sequan Barkley had 25 carries 57 yards but he wasn't the normal Saquon Barkley.


And you don't have to be because as a team overall the Philadelphia Eagles had 45 yards. Man had 45 carries. Yeah 45 carries. They let you know right now they ran the ball even though they didn't run the ball exceptionally well. I, I ain't gonna lie, I'm gonna be honest, I thought Patrick Mahome was gonna make some kind of comeback but they didn't. Now normally during halftime Andy Reed got all kind of food on the table that you can eat this day he didn't eat. You know what? Because he were fucking loose. Do you hear me And Reed didn't expect that shit and re expected his team to come out and play better ball than they did. God damnit they showed Taylor Swift flat thing ass one goddamn time.


You been showing all playoffs. But tonight you showed that flat pancake as motherfucker one time. Come on Roger Goodell show Taylor Swift. I don't wanna talk about it but I'm gonna talk about it. Yeah, when Travis, when Travis Kelsey had that sister on there with that big ass y'all the keep that camera on Taylor Swift. Don't nobody wanna see it but me. Taylor come here Travis lose. Come over here dog. I got you. I ain't got Travis money but Travis ain't got this tone either. Come on. Come I dance with Taylor Swift shit taken by thinking about bringing God dang Taylor Swift to my arm, to my, my homecoming we have while walking up with that white girl boy head going turn though.


My family members ain't gonna like it but that's why them niggas broke now because they gonna understand what's going on. Said goddamn slavery over. I want a white woman, I'm gonna give a white woman too. I'm right. I in church too holding hands. Pastor Hood is that nigga. This man did see you God damn right. Y'all enjoy life man. Y'all be complaining man. I be seeing some of y'all man. Y'all see a black man with a white woman. Y'all doing all this motherfucking crying black women. Y'all be running us off. Don't get me wrong though. I love m Crow but I pimp all on a cracker. That's just me. I'm just telling y'all what I see. I heard the shit y'all saying. I can't believe he with her. When he was with you you gave him headaches and diabetes.


Now this nigga eating plant-based food all of a sudden he looking good again. He 60 but he look 30. When he was with you he was 30 but looking 90 y'all be running us crazy and the shit got to stop just like my baby mama right now. She gonna wanna let me see my kids because I got a new girlfriend but my kid been calling some dude UNC for seven years. Your god uncle, that's your mama love. But I can't bring my little old piece of game around. It's a problem. Well you can't see your kids or if you kick that girl. Well God damnit I guess I won't be seeing them. They'll see me on YouTube and not you in their world. Hey you little bad motherfucker daddy living good. You wanna live with me? No your momma supposed to be happy for me.


Y'all supposed to be happy for me. God damnit. Not with your mama. No car didn't have nothing now I done left your mama. I'm up now. Now y'all want boy in on my happening. I be damned. I'm not going for it. But back to the game though Xavier, we had over eight catches 157 yards. Eagles won 40 22 but the game wasn't close. Man Eagles did what they get did what they did. I know GI kid running around the city right now on five right now as she supposed to m running around feeling good again. And I know he secret secretly texting Diddy right now nigga he up shit.


He can guarantee that a whole lot of shit going on man. Kanye West giving away calls Kanye Kim said he ain't seen them seen them kids in months. Come on ye no better than that and quit making that thing ass white woman get naked. Stop it. Trump don't get you shit. You don't. You think he won't sitting ice you a damn lie. And I'm riding with him. I ain't seen my goddamn Mexican neighbor in six days. He trying to hide it out. You get over here mow my damn yard I got the camera on too. But show Trump you been him. I got you. I'm getting rid of all your ass illegal. You got you to go. My god Nigerian pastor got to go nigga. I don't wanna hear your word.


I can read the bible for my damn self lot going on. I know y'all get seen that pastor got called in the strip club talking about he was there for tithing nigga you was there for ass. Whatcha lying about Ain't no just be honest. I wanna see some ass from time to time. I have no problem with a pastor going to a woman's strip club if you are going to a man's strip club. I have a problem with that but he going to see some ass. Ain't nothing wrong with ass and Eddie Murphy boy ass is good. If ass wasn't good well none of us be him. How y'all gonna get married man he paying Ty. At least he paying some because pastors don't have taxes so at least he giving the money back. Lot of them girls won't go to school. Lot them, you know what I'm saying? They they they, they come from bad childhoods.


They can have no father. Maybe he could be a father to him. I have no problem with that. Hell me and my pastor, we sure dies together. That's a real miracle. Real to when I need money. I church money. Ain't no money better than the church's money. All the money I done there I got to get so back. I my pastor I need 20. You know they say come and get it. I ain't even go to church son. I'm in the back waiting on my motherfucking money. Ain't my pastor smoke weed Real talk. I had a big pretty bag all love it got Superman on the bag but ain't number rich inside. You gonna the difference I charge my pastor self for 200. Come here. Yeah I be scheming.


I be going down through there. Now let's talk about the Kansas City Chiefs. A lot of people thinking that they gonna make it back next year. Not going happen man. You got injuries there's there's a whole lot going into teams going back to the Super Bowl. What the Eagles did was phenomenal this season that was able to bring in Saquon Barkley. They they that front four they got, they didn't even have to bleach to get the Pat Mahomes. They had six sacks. They controlled the line of scrimmage. Man they controlled the game from the first quarter all the way to the fourth quarter. That's why the Philadelphia Eagles is the Super Bowl champs. They deserve it man. You know Andy Reed, you big them a couple years ago now your old team beat you. I mean that's just how it go if you ask me.


A lot of people were saying that the Chiefs shouldn't even been there because the referees was on they side. Well the refs wasn't on they side tonight. That's just, just call it like it is. The refs wasn't on the chief side tonight. They got they ass beat. They got to go back to Kansas City. Why I'm hearing Gates Barbecue or Arthur Bryan's barbecue close them burning in trash. Yo. That shit over with. I'm thinking Kansas City man. I mean I would love for Pat to win three Super Bowls in a row but it didn't happen man. You know I'm just up here talking shit. But this is, this is a tough game man. This is a tough sport man. Yes I'm a cowboy fan. We ain't gonna be here for about seven more years. I understand that but I'm just gotta be honest with y'all man.


Now we weren't gonna talk about the Super Bowl halftime show Kendrick LaMi, Kendrick Lamar, I know Drake some more with a pistol to his head right now. I know it. I know the six guys sick right now. Kendrick dig his thing up there and I'm looking at all the comments come on fan. Come on man. The halftime show was tread maybe to you. Maybe to you maybe it wasn't as sigon as it normally be but I respect Kendrick DeMar for who he is and what he stand for. He still went up there even though he can possibly get sued from Drizzy Drake, he still played that song and I can't do nothing but respect that for Mama Kendrick. No Morris. I got the tv, I got the top dog, I got the thick ass sizzle and I do mean by oh god, I mean sizzle thick too.


I ain't shit boy. I want me some of sizzle real talk raw dog poop. First night she down here in Orleans. Orleans let me run across. She tell me come to her room. You got protection. Hell no. And I don't need it. Shit. I ain't lying. I ain't pulling out my pull out game weaker then a baby dirt leg when it come to sales. Shit you gonna get one line. But in Georgia right now man, but in Georgia man we dying here right now in New Orleans. The streets is going crazy. I ain't going on Bourbon Street. I shit, I ain't forgot what happened two months ago. Shit. I watched Bourbon Street on tv. I'm not going over there. Shit you come on down here and get drunk. I be down.


You out here tonight having a good time and trying to drive home drunk. You better call your Uber. Ain't your sister putting your life at risk or nobody. Life at risk man. It's all about responsibility. I heard this weekend man enjoy yourself. A lot of you fellas. Y'all at the house, y'all let your girl go out. She fucking ain't no sense of thinking about it. Don't question them when she come home. She gave her ass up. You should have rolled with her but you want to stay at the house with the boys. What's really going on? You rather stay to have 50 niggas than be with your girls. I ain't making sister, some ain't making sister to me so I'm telling you now you keep letting your girl go out. I'm be problem. I'm out with the girls. Them girls eat cat don't you think they don't Them women got taser tongues.


Shit I lost my girl through one of them studs. I ain't no big foot boxer wearing motherfucker. Cleo from second off braids having motherfucker took me from my own family. See I ain't lying. I can't stand them studs but I love having sex with 'em. Come here studs don't. Studs don't normally get hot dog links that much. But when I come around I'm shooting my shot out. Think about it studs. Studs ain't out here having sex like that bro. Ain't nobody running up in them studs. Nobody is good. Tight and warm. Do you hear me? Shit if you know what I know you'll get you one just, just stay in the fast sugar day man. That's what we gotta do man. We got to enjoy one another man.


I know some of y'all men, y'all see studs come around. Y'all get intimidated because y'all ain't got no gang. How you gonna let somebody the world a, a a a a strap on I hump you. You a lazy ass. Now I might knock not lash that strap on. I might not not lash that when I'm on hundred packs and Red Bull I can go out night. Damn Right that strap on ain't ain't strap on, ain't pumping blood like me. I'm warm. That shit real talk. I can warm you up. Hey damn deal though. Can't warm them up. Where something I can't compete with though. That damn rose shit. That damn rose is undefeated. Real talk. That road's so cold. I'm using that song. Bitch now come here.


She can't even find this up under my goddamn pillow now I'm not bullshitting whole room smell like stale corn chips come, gotta enjoy it man. Y'all be on it all uptight. I know some of y'all y'all lost a lot of money man. My partner lost 15,000 on the Chiefs. He been hitting my phone. I'm already knowing he need a loan. I ain't got it. I'm think my people know my homeboy right now. You gonna lose money and you think you gonna call me. I'm gonna let you borrow some money. I'm not letting you borrow shit. You gonna go through this damn storm alone. Real talk but I don't gamble like that. I know it.


If you watching this show then you know it's being presented by prospect. Go ahead scan that barcode right down at the right. Put $5 in, you get 50 instantly. You bet more or less on your favorite player. That what I bet on prize pick. I bet on the players to do you know a certain amount of yards or certain amount of touchdowns and this and that man. So if you ain't rocking with prize pick you tripping man.


Tune in. If you can't watch The Bubba Dub Show. You can at least listen to it. Go to Apple Podcast. Go Spotify. Type in the bubble dub show here. I'm man real talk. How y'all feeling tonight though Jack? I'm finna get in the chat with y'all. Y'all talk to me. Tell me what y'all thought about this Super Bowl. Did you like it or it was lackluster? They didn't live up to what you thought or you thought it was simply amazing. Now the people who hated it team lost. I'm already knowing So don't get in this chat line about this and that. So be honest. Did you like the Super Bowl or you didn't talk to me? Man, somebody say Stu me and steal TERs under girl. You damn might live. Some of 'em be musty. Go lot need women. T be mustardy man. You gotta make them whole go in there and rinse 'em off. Don't get rinse that cat.


Rinse them nipples to ho real tall. When you come with me I'm using everything in your pot. Ooh I ain't never moved my leg like this. You here night ho. You gonna move everything calories and everything. We going to bring them tonight. End Sage talk to me. We lean in Philly. What you got? Appreciate it Kim. Appreciate that bro. Y'all talk to me man. Y'all getting quiet. Little commandos play bro said man shit man y'all better stop playing man. Didn't nobody, if you, if you had the Eagles wing and you had a Eagle wing but y'all did not have a Eagles beating the shit out the Kansas City Chiefs like this. I just didn't see him beating the shit out the Chiefs.


I mean I could see him winning but this was a Togo domination tonight man. Kelly Moore will be a new head coach in case y'all did know of New Orleans Saints. He was the offensive coordinator for the Philadelphia Eagles. So shout out to him man. Maybe New Orleans can can get something going with Kelly Moore. I like the way he rung his offense. So Saints fan. Who that? I know y'all watching You got your coach now let's see what y'all can do 'cause it's a bigger facility man. Everything down here is lovely. The latest. Ooh the latest. The food is great. The people is great. Great atmosphere, great vibe. And that's what I like. I like to be around great people. I don't give a damn if you're white, Mexican, Chinese. I just wanna be around great people man.


You know what I'm saying? And that's what we gotta start doing now in America. Stop bickering, crying and every five minutes Trump this and trump that. Man. Stop all that crying man. Focus on the people that love you and rock with you. Don't matter if they green, blue or purple. Man I'm sick of that shit. Only thing that matter right now is green. If you got green you going to be all hate. If you ain't got no green goddamnit you in trouble. So stop crying, stop blaming everybody for your problems man. Lot of you dudes on here crying and this and that. Take your ass to work fam. Take your ass to work. You ain't gotta sell dope. You ain't gotta rob. You ain't gotta kill. Get money. Go go, go get you a job, get you a skill, get you a trade. Go go get you a CDL. You can be welding.


It's all kind of thing. Yeah you can sell your ass man. But we ain't out here harming people but it ain't what we going to do. We going to show love man. What happened to the children being safe? What happened to our women being safe? They, they are not safe no more. Man. You men raping the women and the kids. Come on dog. Every time I look around my damn amber alert going out goddammit. Who in the gray Honda got little so that's what I wanna know. Who got little so ass? I'm here trying to get some head. I can't get some head because this bitch worried about a kid. You ain't watch your own kids but you worried about this goddamn amber alert. Bitch shut up and suck this me. Stop bullshitting me. No ain't gonna stay hard long in goddamn way. Come on and let's get this shit over with you women. Y'all I love y'all. Go y'all, y'all y'all, y'all.


Everything we need when I meat gonna get hard 'cause y'all be talking to her. Come on. I done seen you get up hard before Champ. Come on. I know you can do it. Damn right. Turn your back. I'm taking a rhino pill on your ass. Damn right. Go only call your mama and tell her you gonna be running a little late. I am right. I don't like all that bullshit. And take a woman out to eat and she and then you get that text. You gonna be mad at me. I be damned. I'm on my way over there. You might not make it to me but I'm gonna make it to you. See what we gonna do there in the car. Hey you did in high school. You gonna do it now. Shit you was good then. It gonna be good now. Damn right. I don't like when women do that bullshit. You gonna be mad 'cause I ain't got no baby sugar.


We don't even you come right outside Godda them kids need you. Flick that light. We know what's up. Hey hell that bitch Stand by that damn self kids eight years old God damn cooking full course meal. Mama been going out to the club and shit. When all a sudden when it's time to come to see you she ain't got no baby sugar. Hold. You better stop it. I told you you hos gonna be mothers in 2025. Y'all gonna raise y'all kids. Y'all mama ain't doing that no more. Your mama ain't but eight years older than you. She out here giving that ass up to nigga up ass or like a Chile. Shit. You ain't humping but mama eat shit. Real talk. I I like older women. Y'all keep telling y'all that. I don't like younger women.


I like older women man. Older women they they they they clean the house's clean it smell good. You know what I'm saying. The bed made up, you know what I'm saying? The tiles and everything folded up and shit. All her tiles match. She got matching and bra and panga set you young hole your bra purple but your draws yellow. Come on boy. You ain't no Laker you a faker. Real talk. I ain't shave Hell you don't never shave. We ain't gonna stop nothing Now you saying that like I'm finna eat you. I be damn Valentine's Day coming up like y'all women trying to be nah and nah that mm not going to work Ho I as for head last week you told me no guess what, you ain't getting no box of chocolates.


You ain't getting no teddy bro. You ain't getting nothing. You ain't getting no phone call no cat. You are not getting shit from me. Valentine's Day is all about me this year. Me and my two girls that I got them the only ones getting something from me from Valentine's Day. Rest of you ho can keep track. I don't wanna hear no goddamn phone call. You ain't gonna believe it but my mama ti almost died. She, I wish she would've went because she got, I'm not giving you nothing. I'm just telling you the lies these women do man. Lying on they mamas and shit. You know my daddy died. You ain't never met the nigga. You ain't never met your daddy but he died and you feeling sad. Yeah I know but we gotta take a trip up there and I don't know how much it's going to cost.


I don't, I don't know. I'm not the one but call you baby daddy God damn. I know you're still sleeping with we talk these women slick man. These women like I told y'all, they still at these jobs having these work boyfriends and shit and they, they feeling good with them work boyfriend, you come home and you touch on 'em, they don't want you to touch 'em but they letting that nigga touch on him all day at work. I know what I find out my girl out damn work boyfriend, I woke up there on the job. I wanna see the camera for myself Randy. I wanna see the camera shit she in her leg up. He putting hickeys in and everything on my girl neck. He was a big nigga though. He about six eight. Ain't nobody there I was gonna go to and confront personally like that. You know I you know I did my talking shit from a distance.


I walked in seen him size him up, walked out by 75 yards and call him all kind of fat neck motherfucker. That's just me But everybody don't know I was scared but they looking at it like I was talking shit but I really didn't want none of that action though. You know what I'm saying? And when he was like come on over here. I was like okay I'm coming but I was waiting on them red and white blue lights to show up the police. Yeah I called him shit it gonna be be some smoke but I was bluffing though. I just want everybody think that I'm a fighter and I'm not. Damn right I got that nigga fire I caught ho on that news shit y better make it make sense these days you were door dashing. Y'all be careful on them door dashing man.


I heard somebody got door dashing food and they pausing them. Man y'all be careful on that DoorDash and shit. Lot of you women out here door dashing at night. Be careful these men's up to no good but if lock you women DoorDash and cat shit. Hey I'm ready. God damn you ain't gotta knock the door unlocked just come on in. God damnit there I am right there in the midst waiting on you. What we got going y'all, y'all talk to me. See y'all in the chat. We got 3000 people on here. That's what I'm talking about. You nigga Cougar stud. Man I ain't never thought about dating no cougar stud bro. Because I because them older when they little mean when they get older bro and, and to be a stud.


I don't know I I don't know about that one man. I I like older women. Like I say they wear knee braces and shit and they can't get out the bed without assistance because after you put that mi on them old schools you can get up and leave. They ain't running behind you 'cause they can't get out the bed Now them young ho you put that migo on them, you going to peace. She right behind you. Where you going man? I can't pee. Huh? You ain't cash at me yet? See that's the shit with the young women gotta watch her. You me a young chick now first thing she wanna do and give you her cash out. Bless my game. I'm gonna bless your game all right with CPSO. That's what I'm gonna do. Soon as you wake up in the morning they coming in and getting them goddamn kids and getting them some help because you ain't helping them like of you women taking these kids to the bus stop.


Don't be having nothing on nothing but ass up under them goddamn road and shit. When I flat and I damn near run run when you little kid over 'cause I'm looking at one. You fine as ho shit. Watch how you dress. Shit what I do I go to the schools and see who kids These shoes, clothes and socks. They them Santa Claus lying now. Shit you ain't gotta worry about taxi seasons with me baby taxi seasons every day we gonna eat baby. We gonna eat mac and cheese oven style. Yeah with the egg again. See y'all don't know nothing about that y'all bullshit man y'all, y'all still on that other shit man we gonna eat good around here like you women still eating good too. I know y'all want to lose a little weight but it okay the man don't like want you for what?


A year. Fuck it. So you women running around here crying. He say I'm big. He big too. Hell he can't see his thing no more 'cause his stomach in the way. Both of you bumping belly. Ain't nothing wrong with shit. I love me a big woman shit love them all and that right here in the front. I just picked that motherfucker up and move it to the side. That don't bother me. A big one don't bother. I love big women it's cold. I'm gonna be one. I'm right get you one shit I'll be crying. Y'all talking about man that chick ugly. Somebody sleeping with the ugly women around her dog. I told y'all that man every stone is unturned around him.


He knows what and he hell Gotta make it make sense these days man you watching this show then we do something called called a hell no. And nigga I seen Kansas City chief getting blew out by the Phil of Death Eagle. Hell no didn't see it. I could see 'em lose getting blue. What That shit hurt Patrick Ma Holmes. This ass were red today. That yellow little motherfucker was red on them sideline. Y'all see he know running around feeling good but them Lord tabs got to him. I don't care what I know Lord tab take us when I see one them round peel heads every day. Motherfucker was on lower tabs. It was I saw his performance throwing the ball getting hit interception now I ain't see nobody on the sideline go over there and slap Patrick Mahome.


That's what I didn't see. That's what you gotta do sometime in the Super Bowl you gotta wake a motherfucker up 'cause the coaches ain't going to go over there and do nothing to pee. But I will motherfucker we only got one shot at this one shot dog. You out here bullshitting today then all them practice you killing us in practice. But when you get in the game you can't do a damn thing. Right. What, what was in the locker room? What kind of message was in the locker room? Was any reed eating corn dogs? Was he, was he eating cheese steaks? Huh? Was he eating burning? I wanna know because if he was drinking something wow I snapped outta his damn hands. You don't need nothing to drink nigga coach here I am thinking P gonna come back like Tom Brady.


No them niggas didn't do shit. Bought into 22 dude. The 22 I don't even know what to say no more y'all. I gone football season over great year by the way. But football season over, you know it's basketball season now and I'm mad at the Charlotte Hornets because that that damn singer that they tried to give us, they tried to give us a damn hy now that nigga didn't pass his physical but how did Anthony Davis pass his damn physical? That's what I wanna know. Y'all think about this how he passed his physical and he hurt him but this nigga heard couldn't pass his physical.


Now we gotta get do back. You know why we got rid of Dolton because he was taking shots from bro James and Right for sure motherfucker ain't sure you ball you breaking this. I wanna see how this gonna play with the Lakers bringing him back because that was one of the main reason they got rid of that rookie dolton because they felt like he was taken away from Bruny James Shine when they got in the game together. Well Common Sense tell you ain don't put him in the game together then because do can ball that. That falls on JJ Red if he taking away from Bru to don't put him in the game at the same time. That's how you do that. But the Lakers still need to center right now. I think JaVale McGee he is available even though he's dinosaur age.


But hell we got to have somebody right now. We gonna really have no big man. Hayes ain't worth for damn he 16, 6 11. His hand's my damn size can't even catch a damn at the hoop most of the damn time. But I still feel like it's gonna be Lakers and five but just being realistic it is gonna be hard man. It's gonna be hard. We already can't stop joking even when he come back that LA going kill us so I'm just waiting to see how this gonna play out. But we do got LeBron even though he, you know he used to have eight cylinder. He he he four cylinder now. God he ain't, he ain't the same bro. He used to be, he still can put up 40 every now and then but not on a consistent basis but we gonna be able to see what the Lakers gonna be able to do. But la the LA Wild fires Lakers on fire right now.


LA and them LA doing that thing right now like Kendrick Super Bowl and people don't understand they gonna get paid for the Super Bowl in case y'all gonna don't know that the artists don't get paid to perform in Super Bowl but everything they do go up like record sales or whatever company they got it, it just goes through the roof. So shout to Kendrick no more as well deserved. But I honestly fly through white folks through with us. Ain't gonna be no more niggas performing for a minute. I just can't see it. See Kendrick ain't black. He a nigga ERs. You understand what I'm saying? Like OJ thought he was, he was different but they showed his ass didn't he? Yeah OJ he he wasn't a nigga gonna show you that and I feel like Kendrick is more like Kunta.


Oh yeah motherfucker don't like Kunta, you can't tell Ken what to do. He still going out end this next. It's gonna be somebody white probably gonna be more I next year and that's my homeboy by the way. Show say after Morgan Waller, them white folks ain't gonna be no more black people for a couple years in Super Bowl. It's gonna gonna be back to white folks again. Brad Pitt and all them motherfuckers gonna be out there again. You just watch how this shit play out man. I'm telling you. Watch how it play out. They put Molly Cyrus back in the, Hey Mike bro. Drake shit. Drake on suicide watch right now. Y'all this back over for Drake. This back over for Drake man. But look man, I just wanna thank y'all for tuning into the bubble. Do so I'm come over here and go live with y'all for a minute man.


I know y'all are super excited man. You had like, this is why I wanna say something before I get off Rhythm. You got some people Eagle fans, you got some people Cheese fans. You always got, some people say man I'm loyal to my team. Well some of y'all team not even the Super Bowl but you watch this motherfucker, you know what I'm saying? You had your girl to make y'all some dip, you know what I'm saying? Y'all eating finger food and all that. So just say you a fan of the game. That's all. I got a, I got all 32 NFL judges do you hear me? And whoever, which one I feel like wearing, that's the one I'm gonna wear. Why? Because you motherfuckers not feeding me. You can't tell me what to what. That's what's wrong with y'all now man you can't be doing that.


You can't even tell your girl what to do man. You can't even tell your kid what to do. But you trying to tell me what got king and can't wear, shut the fuck up. Please do that. Do me a favor man. If everybody just focus on they self, it gonna be a better word. But y'all still wanna come on here and talk and be internet gangsters. Yeah I'm a killer. Then go right to work and your boss get dead on your ass. You going say a damn. Don't say a damn thing. Peace and love blessing. I love y'all. I see y'all. I see y'all again in my mouth. The Volume.