
Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself. Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary.


VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent. Being there day and night and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for. Trust Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy. The Volume I like not even did this motherfucking shoulder night.


I'd like to not eat it. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button and when you do subscribe, keep the notifications turned on. I really didn't wanna come on here now. I really didn't wanna fucking do it but I gotta get some shit off my chest tonight and it's time for me to say it. Time for me to be honest with myself and be honest with y'all. LeBron ain't no motherfucking goat. He ain't no motherfucking goat. Goats don't go out like that. Running up and down the motherfucking court nigga. You full of red lines.


You need to be full of three nigga. Three, four. Kobe rolling over in his motherfucking grave right now. And y'all know Dr. Bus rolling over in his grave right now. No motherfucking goat. Love him to death. We ain't no fucking goat. Goats. Go and get the troops. You gather the troops you see Know what? We might not win this series but we gonna win this fucking game. Luca laying on the ground bad back. Go get the goddamn defibrillator and sucked at that motherfucker. Watch all the snakes come outta Luca.


All the ding Dons all the honey buns, all the fuz brown, all that shit gonna come out local. And what the fuck is ar head bro talking about? He a he a secret weapon. Never. He ain't secret shit. Need to go find secret service to find his ass because I ain't seen ar since the series started. Say J Red got our coach. JJ Red got down coach y'all we knew Minnesota was the bigger team. We knew that but we didn't play Lake.


We didn't play Lake ball. You keep putting in this motherfucker can't make a every time he go get that shit blocked. Four one all go Don't Jane all you could get me in one motherfucking game dog. And I hate to say this 'cause I know how y'all feel about this certain person but I'm only saying this for this reason. Ever since Big U went to jail, Lakers ain't been worth of damn big. You had very motherfuckers heart when they fly down in LA X no fly zone when you seen was on the on the on the ground.


Niggas wearing Jerry again. Nigga driving, they fancy cars down LA right now. That wouldn't happen when I big you, you think man be bouncing around LA like they with big you. Hell no come. You no come here. You might, you paying support, you gonna pay this feet too. Come think about it Ain. Man wasn't even the best player on the court tonight. It was Rudy Dober as Selma threw that I thought it was Wilt chain now I want do tested now. Rudy ain't that mother.


He look tonight. I thought I LeBron ain't let Rudy Goldberg send his black ass home to Savannah. I blame Kevin Gate too. Pulling up to the game with that pale as white girl on your team on whatever name trash she come bucket and got yourself into thing.


Give a damn how you dress her up. She ain't no motherfucking must. I don't know what happened to the Lakers. I don't know I identity went out the window. Jackson no play. Hayes didn't even play today. What the fuck going on Luca missing free throw bro. I missing free throw and y'all gonna forgot how to shoot the ball. God damnit what's really going on in LA and it leads me back to one thing. The Lakers nobody firm no more. Ever since big you went to jail And I know y'all don't like him, that's y'all business. But I'm just telling you from what I see, niggas in the stands diamonds everywhere.


When big you was still fucking body wearing no downs. If you was, it was a finger be paid and y'all think I'm supposed to come on here and like I told you Doug, you it's just gonna be, it's not okay. It's not. Goats don't go out like that. Goats go down fighting, scratching the coin going to the hole. You shooting fade away. Them motherfucker cranking. Oh he 40 years old with them retired here nigga because I'm tired of losing, tired of my girl cheating on me.


I'm tired of my boss putting his hand in my face. I'm tired of my car running outta gas but I gotta pump the goddamn hood to throw people off. Think something wrong with my mogul but ain't nothing wrong with my mogul. It gets my car outta gas. But I don't want y'all to know that I'm sick of a lot of shit. Sick of the pastor knocking down my grandma and my anger. I I know I ain't supposed to keep that to myself but I gotta let the world know what's going on. My pastor in my church sleeping with my anger and my grandma knocking them boths down, knocking them both down. I rang into the pastor knocking down my anger.


I'm just telling what, what God loves the truth. See in the morning. Oh God. Oh God God ain't pleased with you sleeping with a married man. That's a pastor and that and that's a saved tree mechanic. Stop it. What you your car fixed though? Ain't and the pastor just happened to be a mechanic so you leg it Dog ain't play with you. Women during sex screaming. Oh my god nigga fix your husband you having sex with cool but this ain't your husband ain't this some man and he tree mechanic at that. After he get through he wanna come out and shake my hand.


Motherfucker I don't wanna shake your hand by him. The room smell like all in ass never. I knew the lake was gonna lose. First quarter showed me the lake was going to lose Man blew all my damn peaks today on Pride pick I'm sick. Supposed to take my kids to school tomorrow. I ain't doing it baby mama get the call. I'm not else. I supposed to take my kids to school tomorrow. I supposed to take them to the donut shot but I ain't no money today so I got what they ain't going now. Who watching this show at night?


Believe Kobe Willa went out like that. You think Kobe bean Brown would've went out like that tonight? Huh? The Kobe Brown. We know he wouldn't have passed the ball to the motherfuckers. Hey you don't wanna shoot it, you won Get only way you get out net. Don come down and call for the ball. Get out the goddamn way. I die Aren you bro. You standing come on. Yeah that's what you over there doing. Well you can do that forever now retire get me some bitch in here that go and get re You understand because you I'm rapper Link Kyrie come, I send LeBron back.


Look get lover ad in Dallas. That's why I send Ron Kyrie Kail makes no damn sense if you ask me LeBron James went out like a cow with damn and I love LeBron man and this is coming from my heart tonight. He a fucking cow. You got kill me on the court, you gotta kill me on the court. I'm gonna give it everything I got. Ain't no different from me when I went the vehicles wasn't no prostitutes. Who goddamn took nigga to get gonna up hold on.


She said I don't know what to do. I said I dot he sucking on commune. She kept suning on and I picked up commune look at him grow. I was a grass snake at first but God the end of the night I was a damn straight. My clue. She said I love the way you grow. I know you do. I know you don't. It ain't how you start. It's how you end it. LeBron James Luca bad back, bad knee. Luca got him as y'all still Baldly, Ruy, baldly Ru and Luca is all we had tonight man ar LeBron wasn't there.


Let's be real y'all. They he wasn't there. Well it old age if you that old Pam give it up out you in the motherfucking way at this point we trying to win. Ain't no way nigga Soul supposed to been beating y'all. We supposed to be sitting the ain man ass home with the kids. The ones that he seen and the ones that he ain't. God Damnit Ain supposed to be at home being daddy. It's gonna be a nigga before I get over this shit. Y'all. I ain't gonna lie. This this was strong. This was strong a little bit tonight 'cause we supposed to beat them die. Our wol we we supposed to beat them. We we the mighty, mighty They ain't playing for, they ain't playing for taking Eugene even though he probably deserved to be in there but taking him from the streets it cripples ain't got no protection no more in LA.


Man even they even seen Jack Nichols the other week. He ain't the whole time he ain't been out. When big you was doing his thing. Jack Nichols was in the goddamn house acting like he was blind. Now he back outside again. Come on now. I really feel like crying y'all. I ain't gonna lie. I'm hurt. I ain't going lie. I ain't gonna hide my feelings from y'all. I'm a real one man. I really feel like crying man. I ain't gonna bullshit you tonight. My hat little thing want me to come over. I ain't, I'm not fucking with you tonight ho. I'm not baby keep waking up and shit. My me ain't like that.


My me can't get hard and get soft and get hard again. B I'm not built like that. Now if that little motherfucker gonna wake up he just don't have to. He just going have to cry him. But we ain't gonna keep getting up and running. We ain't gonna keep doing all that. I had to buy him 15 for forgot for my homeboy to come over and see you now this old re slow ass baby. Your want keep waking up at night. I ain't got time for this nigga. Take your ass boy.


I don't know what to say no more man. I really don't man. I'm, I'm lost for words tonight man. Throw one Lakers lost to I couldn't fathom that dog. I can't you you, you don't play. You don't play Jackson Hayes. You got Mass Club over there. You going to play him just for a little bit then you put him in the fourth quarter. My fucking God man y'all, I wish this was a dream y'all but this is not a dream. This is what this is reality. This is what we living in right now. And LeBron showed us that he's not that guy anymore at 40. I get it. I know he's not but regular season you were showing us that. So local crying after every fucking foul, not getting back on defense can't hold no motherfucking body.


Luke can't hold no motherfucking body. We having to run the fucking zone and they killing us. Stop running the fucking zone if you that scared of goddamn damn ain't man, fuck it. Scared of aint man. I told y'all put five bad holes on the front room. We wouldn't have to worry about a man at all. Y'all won't listen to me. Y'all wanna run this bullshit ad three two zone and we got Keith Some stands for so others mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery.


15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington DC. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree.


Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself At Amica Insurance we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent, being their day and night and building a plan for tomorrow.


Today for the ones you'll always look out for, trust Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy. Click fast and save big. Shop our blind.com. Spring Cyber Monday sale happening right now and elevate your space with brand new custom window treatments today. blinds.com is the number one online retailer for custom window treatments offering you professional support and styles that fit any budget from classic shutters and bamboo shades, even motorized shades for your outdoor space. blinds.com has something for everyone with honest upfront pricing and no hidden fees, DIY or let us handle everything from measure to install.


blinds.com makes it easy. With free virtual consultations, our design experts will help guide you from start to finish with free samples sent directly to you so you can try before you buy. Plus every order includes our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com Spring Cyber Monday sale going on right now. Save up to 45% with minimum purchase. Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% off@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply. Fuck them Lakers. Earlier today I went to the Rocks, golden State Game, rocks beat the dog.


Shit out them too. Golden State came back but third quarter is when I left the game. I left the game third quarter. Steve Ker pulled all the starers out. They were down by 27 at the time but they came back. Shaq, I took the Rockets for making the series. It's three, two now they're going back to Golden Stage. It's probably over but who knows? That's another, that's another team. The Rockets that is is under achieving like the Lakers even though they won today because I feel like the Rocket should beat the Warriors in this series. But experience, grit, the toughness and the championship DNA in the Warriors, it it it is, it just not happening right now for the Rockets right now.


So I do look for the Golden State Warriors to go back home the next game and, and close this series out. But shock. I took the Houston Rockets tonight for, for for taking care of business. Fred Van Fleet went off. Jalen Green was hurt. I don't know if y'all know he hurt his knee in that game but You know I like that guy. Jabari Jr. He gon, he gonna start but I like when he come in he get on a spark. Dylan Brooks, he hit a couple of big shots tonight too as well. Shout I took a rock at Thompson. The guy who played tough Defense single the center. I just made it happen night. They jumped on Golden State early Steph Curvy then it it was like 30 30 like a minute and a half left in the first quarter before he even got his first bucket.


Tonight they just played tough defense tonight they smothered Curry. Curry couldn't really get out. Jimmy Butler couldn't do nothing. Draymond hit what two threes tonight but it was all Rockets tonight. Check I to the Rockets. Y'all did y'all thing. Y'all came out them first three quarters and handled business. I know it kind of got close at the end in the fourth quarter but You know y'all handled y'all business and You know I just gotta call it like I said but I think Golden State will end that series. They next game out there in Golden State's gonna be crazy if the Rockets do win that game. They're gonna have to do the same thing they did tonight. Get out to a early league. Keep puncturing them in the mouth. 'cause that's the same thing that hurt the Lakers tonight. We we, we, we was down first quarter like we, we just couldn't do shit at all.


Like at times you think okay we coming back, we got the league, we up two three okay but we could never make a run. We could never sustain it. We kept turning the fucking ball over. LeBron kept turning the ball over. Ar kept turning the fucking ball over every fast break they throwing it down. The court turn over like ain't no time out. Ain't nobody in each other face. They just got their hands on the heel 'cause they fucking tired. You know why they got their hands on the heel because them niggas smoke too damn much. They smoke too goddamn damn much in LA that's their problem. Rudy Goldberg look like Wil Chamberlain tonight.


Y'all do. Y'all understand what I'm saying to y'all. Rudy Goldberg look like Tim Duncan. That's coaching man. I I jj I know it's your first year girl. I get it. You don't have the players you won't need yet. I get it but ain't no way Rudy Goldberg supposed to have 27 motherfucking points and 24 rebound but you gotta put a elbow in that boy real head. Somebody got to be out there to put somebody on their ass. We don't have nobody on our team. That what Morriss but he ain't even suited up. You gotta have a play on your team to go in there and hit Goldberg. His mother stop all that shit tonight.


Every time you and jump bow I'll be hitting you dead in your shit. I don't mind getting throughout the game. Them the kind of players the Lakers need man we don't have that. Everybody on the team soft. Them niggas trying to play Call of Duty tonight online bro. Them in all he be joining an man on the game nigga it you crazy. The show being presented by prize pics man. By the way man going down low prize pick if you ain't already have you trash my promo code I will say take my pics but God damnit I ain't been on the last two weeks. I ain't been doing a motherfucking thing.


But you can though pick your own. Maybe you win real talk but use my promo code when you do. It's more or less on your favorite player over there man. And they got something special coming for y'all too because they sent me to the game tonight. The Rockets game. I was down the courtside come guess what you can be two, you could be courtside two for the NBA finals you and plus one. What you mean Dubb? All you gotta do is do three pick flex. Yeah three pick flex $5 entry and do it. You could do it up to five times a day. It don't even matter if you win. It don't even matter if you win on your pitch or not. You already in the game when you, when you, when you, when you, when you, when you, when you in on the entry?


Yeah you already in there so you could be at the finals. Yeah a real talk. You seen me today Courtside come here Johnny. Dang I all come here and I told junk and dang some real shit tonight. I seen your son nickel. Yeah but ice only You know why come you ain't from here. I'm gonna put a tariff on your ass too. Me over here making all that goddamn money junk thing. I in nickles tax you get your good diamond grill making ass up out of him ice on the way and I'm selling.


Yeah but but Luca at least Luca did give it all. He got bad hurt, bad back, bad knee overweight motherfucker nigga BBA but Luca, Luca Luca showed me he a dog. He might cry but he a dog. It's LeBron for me and I thought I'd never say that it's LeBron for me even though he farted it's LeBron for me first three quarters. Y'all know I'm not lying. LeBron was slashing through the whole Dunking point. The Kyrie fourth quarter. Why you ain't going to the whole big boy? Don't gimme that bullshit leg injury. Ain't nothing wrong with that nigga. You take your ass to the sideline drink you some Gatorade, get your As back on the court, your drinking and running and with your leg with Luca.


No no you you kidding me? You bullshitting me. You let an man them beat you. Four one Rudy Goldberg Brown. I don't wanna hear a motherfucker thing you got say no motherfuckers more. I don't wanna hear a motherfucker thing you got to say no more Pam. Ain't nothing else to talk about. Ain't nothing else to talk about. Mm You next year you the third wheel we we Luca we need to go out and get somebody. We need Dre ar I don't give a damn what y'all say Ar come here, got to go. You showed me big game, big lights you can't perform turning the ball over. Don't wanna shoot scared Go need all that.


I need some real motherfucking ballers on the team. When the lights get bright that's when you perform the best. We didn't have that. We didn't have that. That's why I'm here now crying and I know what you're thinking. Duh. The lake is over. Yeah it's over for the Lakers but it ain't over for me nigga. Okc five Why Oklahoma now? See I can never go to bed mad and sad. Not me. I know how to move around and that's what I'm doing now. OKC and with Shay time for Oklahoma get a goddamn Marine Durant and them couldn't do it.


Why Shay get a Marine this year ain't gonna already got me a jersey. Oh no wait dude you can't go for Oklahoma Shit boy. I got a Mexican up there right now. Come here. She did too. Come I can't wait to bring her to the family. You ain't goddamn damn right. Big, big Mexican right now. I got five years to do whatever I wanna do with her because when she get 30 trash build like a straight tortilla once they get 30. I know. See you get 'em. You you gotta get them early 2230 after 30. No ain't no window. They no window. They still can cook, clean, do all that but they body changed Dramatic.


Y'all know ain't lying to you. They body transformed like a motherfucker when they hit 30 man shit used to have knives plump asses. They get 30 straight. Gingerbread ass can't find it. Come here. Tell you the truth. Gotta pay attention to what's going on these days man. Everything ain't what it seen. Everything ain't what it seen man. You going do something. I suggest you do it now. Don't wait on no man, no woman. Go and do it. If you wanna do something do it Now we gonna know what's going on no more in in in in America.


No more Trump in office doing whatever in the fuck he going. Don't get mad y'all fault me now he gonna make change. He sure is making change that your motherfucking mother too nigga. Yeah used to have hunger blue faces now you got $20 bills nigga come come hell he beefing with billionaires. I was broke. Motherfuckers ain't got a chance. Open up your eyes baby. Open up your eyes. So I suggest now you got a little money hold onto to it. Don't buy shit. Hold what you got Shit feel to get rough around him.


These hoes is moving back home with they mamas do you hear me? The hoes who can't even stand they mama is moving back in with they mamas. That lets You know time's getting hard boy. Time's getting hard and y'all steady running run by these goddamn Jordans and and buying these four. Y'all gonna okay okay gonna be right right We gonna be right back with and my pastor gonna be there knocking down he wrong with y'all Can't watch my show.


You can listen to it Apple podcast or Spotify man go and download this show man. Do that for your boy man Let's get this show where it need to be man. If you already done hit the like button, I appreciate it. If you already done hit begin to come in session come in. I appreciate it man. But let's run these views up man I playing with me. Y'all be on. Only fans going broke and I ain't getting no hoes. Don't care about y'all man. Ho won't y'all money show y'all a little Tia too and you good Never ho ain't worth for damn them hoes tricking y'all. Y'all spending all that goddamn money and y'all ain't never seen these hoes you ho talking about they want a nigga to make $200,000 a year in a 700 credit score but you ain't never seen this Never.


It's time to start treating these hoes like hoes again. Y'all done drive the wife put kids in them. You done jumped on a couple of 'em too. We know about it. It's all good though my nigga. You know what I'm saying? You need to go to domestic violence little class and all that but we know what's going on. You can't turn no hole into no housewife. Some of you niggas done done it. Yeah you thought it was cool. You thought you was the one, you thought you had gold tip on your penis and I could change this motherfucker. You can't change a goddamn level L you can't change it now once it's a lpar it's a lpar. Can't change the spots. Yeah somewhere. You know one guy hold Don ran off that you good job in the oil field and you thinking everything good on the oil field.


You working 12 hours a day. Shit you making shit 8,000 a month. You big doggy. Guess what? When you leave somebody throw dog in your girl and they pet your dog and feeding your dog. Nigga your dog got fleas nigga you make it 8,000 a month. Ain't no way your dog supposed to have no goddamn fleas but he do now because the nigga that that's your house, he ain't taking care of your dog. Charlie yo. Your dog Charlie wagon his tail at that nigga he supposed to be trying to bite him the holes for me. They disrespect. Hoes ain't helping the kids with their homework no more. They ain't got time. They on Instagram all day trying to see what Jaga away and them doing every day.


Jay away. Hell she can barely get out the bed with they they dance y'all. Y'all women be so cogg up and want them look good. Oh I wanna look like I reflect. Motherfuckers barely get out bed do you hear me? They sw I motherfucker like a be strong. Y'all don't see that part. They don't show y'all that part. The motherfucker barely getting out the bed can raise they legs up. They can't do that. You got them now. They morphing in them whole body. Y'all laying up raw Dogg Right Wondering why your thing don't work and you get 28. Shit. That's why look old sick y old got four four when a dog catch four four what happened to it?


He died. You niggas running around here. Football player, basketball player 6 3, 6 4, 250, 260 pounds. Big body built motherfucker. You get one of no big boogie, thick ass silicone asshole. Now you nigga around here my weight talking about I had Covid nigga you got age boy you get your sick ass. Some get sick as some damn stay outta here. Hell yeah I motherfucker to get you. Yeah sick dick come Yeah you sick dick ass niggas nigga get out the way now Muske don't even bite you niggas no more because you got that shit then you wanna come around and hit my blunt.


I be damn you can roll your home. I got my own. You not putting your looks on my shit. Fail family are not never, I smoke behind you. I turn into a goddamn devil house. I be damn. I will not. I be careful out there. Quit smoking behind people. Quit smoking man and quit drinking behind people man. Real talk. Motherfucker be having shit. No ain't say nothing. You good one day. The next day you can't even fucking see. So be careful. The people you hang around man, you become what you are around. If you are around successful people, you will become successful. If you around broke broing ass niggas, you gonna be one off them.


Hang around good people man. Yo, we got some bad people in our family. We can love 'em. You can love 'em from a distance and you can even help them. Don't hang around them man. Evil minded. They plant seeds now all a sudden when they plant the seed now you got bad fruit. You want good fruit. You know what I'm saying? You want come on man. And I'm talk. I ain't just talking to y'all, I'm talking to myself as well man. Appreciate that. 4, 9, 4 9, 9 1% that thank you. We got to do better. All I see is us hating one another. Every day we hating one another. We talking down Damnit we, we can just come together just a little bit.


Knock all because everybody ain't gonna be together but we can just come together little bit. That's the fucking bit. We'll be all right. It's okay to tell somebody, man. I'm proud of you dog. I seen what you used to be. You used to be on dope. Now you on the right now you on the right path. I salute you. I salute you. So careful. You see Ahoe used to run train on, but now she being a real mother to her kid, I salute you boo. I can't get it no more. Cool. But I salute you. Start slutting your people man. They need it. Never know what people going through mental health is is serious out here, man.


Kind words might save you or save might save somebody else, man. So tomorrow do that for me. See somebody say some kind to 'em, uplift them because all I see is the turn down. Real talk. Thank y'all for tuning in. Tonight's show Peace and blessing Mouth, The Volume. Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children.


Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party.


Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls.


They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC, Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up And are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.