
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they can achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into HubSpot's collection of AI tools. Breeze to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


The. Volume. Yeah, y'all know what time it is. Yeah. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. I know some of y'all been in the chat waiting on me. What Jersey Dub gonna have on? Will you see it? I'm rocking the Eagle Saint Corn Barkley. Now what's wrong with me rocking this eagle, eagle jersey? I can rock whatever motherfuck jersey I want. Do you hear me? I can rock whatever jersey I want. Rock. I'm gonna win And. if you want one, don't go fanatics, they'll hook you up.


I got every jersey that it is. I told y'all that before I even get started on tonight's show. Hit that like button rap now. Got a lot of talk about tonight. Hit the subscribe button too to my super people. That first time tuning in today when you in for a motherfucking treat. 'cause I got a lot of talk about I'm back home now. I'm warm. It was cold on Mother and Buffalo. Do you hear me? And I do mean cold. I thought I gonna go to the game trigger be on. Man that snow got to hit me back of my motherfucking neck. It was time to go.


But lemme talk about the game though. 35 outta 10. Buffalo beat the 49. Everybody know the 49 ERs. The snakes, they cold blood. They can't deal with no snow after they won psych they minds or we ain't wearing no sleeves. Stop it. Cold is cold fam. I ain't the one You gotta be trying in prison. Do all that too. No, Josh Allen didn't have to do much last night. Didn't have to do much. 13 for 1,748 yards. Two Ts in the snow. I thought he had a snowmobile where he was running around on the field last night. Everybody else was slipping and sliding except for Josh out now to my Buffalo fans that watching this show, let me explain something to you.


I'm still in love with the cowboy. They still my old lady but y'all are my side ho. Let's get that. Let's get that on. Understood. Right now there's too much bickering going on between my cowboy fan or what I'm doing. I'm telling you what I'm doing. I'm cheating old lady. That's what I'm doing. Ain't nothing wrong with getting you a look. I said every night then that's what I'm doing. But last night to say the least, I gotta keep it 100 on this show. Buffalo gonna be tough to beat. Not in just in them elements is that They ain't even at full strength right now. Keon called me. My brother didn't even play last night. Didn't even play.


You gotta think about that. They performing in like that in the snow. What you think they gonna perform when nigga he ain't in the snow. Offensive line protecting Josh Allen. He can run it, he can pass it, he can give it to you however which way you want it. And he just passed. Jim Kelly for the most passing touchdown in Bill's history. 49. Thought you were gonna fly in and maybe steal you a game. You know you got your running back Mason and McCaffery. Both of 'em got hurt. Now if I'm John Lynch the C, not the CEO but the general manager of the 49 er right now I gotta talk to every team God damn doctor.


I know every trainer I know we got to have a talk. Why my whole damn team hurt? Your best receiver who can sign that big contract this year? Uck sees your left tackle out. McCaffrey being in and out the see the in and out. The in and out D game. The being in out the season the whole damn season. He done missed four or five games already. Now he gonna tow his PCL. It's time to let that white boy go. Yeah he good when he playing but de when is he gonna play Christian McCaffery?


This and that. Yeah he sold that. He hurt motherfucker picked him. On my fantasy thinking I'm thinking he finna you finna make it do what they do. Shit second quarter Angel again, this motherfucker hurt again and he was running that rock too. MCC McCaffrey was running that rock last night in that motherfucking snow. I motherfucker cold. I got Fireball mixed with all hot chocolate going on with up. And I do mean it was no bunnies in the building too. And they were friendly. Hey you want some popcorn? I do.


Do you? Oh okay. What's your name? I gave my name. Shit we ashamed when you come back we need to hang out. You damn right we gonna hang out. Mandy know you watching show too. You damn right we gonna hang out Mandy, we gonna do whatever you through. I'm gonna invest in me some snow boots, some snow gloves and some more thermal. I had on two thermos last night. That shit didn't work. I would cold the motherfucker in that snow. That's why I told you I was leaving the game earlier. Called me one shit. I was leaving the game earlier because shit I was cold.


49 of your season is over. Let's just say that right now. 49 season is over. Simple as that. Moving along Buffalo. I think Buffalo got a chance district to do something. Yes, Kansas City got the best record but Kansas City ain't playing the best damn ball if that makes sense. The A FC is up for grabs right now. That's what I'm saying. You got, you got, you got the Steelers, you got the bills, you got the Chiefs and you got the Ravens. Now let me move to the Raven right now. They got beat by another bird yesterday. That damn eagle, that eagle talent is something serious. Come on mvp. Say corn Barkley that big leg, big thigh muscle Cal muscle running that mother ball like nobody can ever run it for the Eagles.


And I know they gonna have some good running backs from Ricky Walkers all the way down to Westbrook, all the way down to McCoy. So they got now Sayquan Barkley's him. What a luxury to just sit back and just hand the ball off to Saco and watch him get three or four yards a pop and ain't nothing motherfucking Ravens can do about it. Ray Lewis rolling over into his damn grave right now. Him and tore Suggs every two. Ain't nothing y'all can do with Saco Barklay right now. If I'm the New York giant, I'm go right now. I I I'm sick if I'm a Johns fan right now, I'm sick.


Damn Eagles not bullshitting. They ain't even that full of strength. Devonte Smith I ain't even playing right now. Imagine when they get him back the goal along with a J Smith who had sis catches for 55 yards. Now Jalen hurts ain't gotta play Superman no more. I know you wearing the shoes the Jordans but you ain't gotta be Superman no more like that Jalen hurts when all you got to do is sit back hand the ball off the goddamn saco Barkley 31 30 inches. I'm just pushing this mother. It's hard to make a team when they getting 31 30 ni all they doing is just pushing. Ain't nothing nobody can do about you Ravens, Lamar, Jackson. You missed four, five.


Good throw last night overthrowing him and throwing him in the dirt. Well what the hell going on with you Lamar you nigga dip a or something man for me you, you overthrowing it man for me. You you throwing it in the dirt. If I'm the head coach Harper come here. You all right? Yes sir. Well why in the hell you ain't playing like you All right then you need these games right here Ravens. I know he ain't lost for two games his whole career. I think he like 23 and two against NC teams but he lost last night to the Eagles. Eagles put that damn raven in they boiling water. See that's what I be trying to tell y'all man you get that old bird, you get that old raven and and you get that boiler hot Y'all some of y'all watching this show know what I'm talking about.


When you get that bird you gotta boil it. You gotta get that, you know what I'm saying? Especially when you got the feathers on and Raven still had feathers on it at the start of the game. But when you put that motherfucking ravening in that boiling hot water, them damn feathers get to coming off. That's when you get to plucking, plucking them, plucking them plucking and before you know it you're clinging them. Before you know it you're putting them in flour, you add your ingredients, sour pepper or corn sra, wherever else you like to put on your chicken that make it taste good. Then you get the skill got then you put the grease in now then you let it just hot, then you put that mother ra it then that mother is skillet and just smell the rainbow. Do you hear me? Do you hear me?


They put that raving in the skillet last night. See the kids was in their bedroom because they didn't smell nothing. But when that motherfucking bird get the cooking kids come out running in the kitchen then that should be good. What's that raving meat. That's what it is, raving meat. So I'm here to tell you right now Baltimore fan. Yeah ain't going no motherfucking route. You ain't got enough. And I get it man. How much Lamar need? I don't know y'all from what I'm seeing last night, even having Derrick Henry it just ain't enough right now because when the game is on the line, when the game get down not and Lamar I stepping up to the plate and I love Lamar he gonna probably win MVP if it ain't Quinn Quinn him on track to break every Dickson Russian record over 2021 two 2000 yard.


He over 21. He only way to break it and I hope he get it offensive line. But that's what a mother, that offensive line supposed to do block. If I get this block then I gotta get Up to the second level and get that block. That's how you block when you block you winning and when you win you go out after the game you celebrate with your bro hold turn off then that's what you do when you winning. But when you losing, God damnit, when you losing you don't wanna turn up. I'm all about winning. I'm rocking with the winning team. Well who your team Doug. I got several of them and Eagles Cowboy, whoever winning, that's who I'm winning.


You know why I keep going to Buffalo 'cause they paid for me to go. Damnit. You want me to go to your team? Pay for me to go and I'll go. Other than that, I don't wanna hear a motherfucking thing. Y'all forgot one reason. I'm a comedian, I'm an entertainer. That's what I'm supposed to do is entertain. Some of you going to get it. Some of you ain't. That's your own damn problem. Ain't for me to explain it to you. No mother fucking no. Do y'all understand it ain't for me explaining to you. No, no. Have fun. Live life you only get one when it's over. It's over man Uncle what y'all say man, I've been with my team five, five years. Good for you John.


Good for you. Some of y'all been with one woman your whole life. Good for you. Now I'm gonna whip my beak. I'm gonna get a beef to the damn every chance I get. Every chance I get. Get the cha up man. I get the cha up for your boy tonight. You live on The Bubba Dub Show man. You you what you was work Truth told man. In my own way. In my own way of saying thing. My own perspective. I'm just telling y'all the way I see things man. Sometime I'm right, sometime I'm wrong. But what we going do on this show, we going to have love. Oh my Barnes.


What it do fam? Yeah what it do? What my Pittsburgh Steeler fans at? Y'all beat them badass Cincinnati Bingos Right now before I even get started on Pittsburgh, let me talk about Cincinnati. Y'all can't stop no damn body on defense. Joe Burrow playing outta his motherfucking mind right now and y'all can't stop them. Y'all may not eat no more chili in Cincinnati. Do you hear me bro? When you eat them Chili eating motherfuckers up there can't stop nothing. They let Bitch Bird put 44 mother fucking points on them. Troy Pollo rolling over in his grade right now.


Y'all can't get nothing now I ain't gonna just say oh because it's, it's a couple players on the defense that's balling but y'all ain't stopping nobody. This a team sport. Now if I'm on the offense, if I'm on the offense side of the ball, if I'm fighting somebody on the defense, I'm picking the weakest motherfucker on defense and stealing them bow. I ain't bullshit If I'm on the offense, I'm putting hands on somebody on the defense Joe Burrow week after week they putting up over 30 something motherfucking points a game and they still losing. Why? Because the defense can't stop no damn body. It's bad when Adam Pacman Jones calling me fam, you got to get on my bingers man.


Man they ain't stop eating me. It's bad when you got a former players calling little old me to tell me to talk about it but damn I am. I'm a man of my mother fucking word Cinco. Where you at? You being all mother on, on show crying and going on about rail. Damn. All that Ingles nigga Ingles you up to Cincinnati and have a talk with Oh I will. Any football team that wanna bring me in to talk to y'all? Dammit I'm ready. Bring me in. Strictly motivation. Damnit. If I don't get you up and going then damnit you just don't wanna be going.


Makes no sense to me. We all in the NF nfl. I'm saying we. I'm just talking about if I was to play y'all all in the NFL and play millions of dollars, some people never make it to college. Some people never make it to the pro and damnit y'all up here bullshit out on Sacs fifth all in Louis and all that. Damn the Louis nigga Kenya stop him back from getting 30 and two. Stop him. Y'all got Russell Wilson looking like Drew Wilson had four 14 passing yards yesterday. Nija Harris come here picking stop getting them trash ass pickles just fam you got one of the best coaches in the league.


Listen to him. Damn Russell Wilson. I don't know what see gave that motherfucker the other night but Russell came out with Spunk. Yeah looking like the old Russell Wilson that was up there in Seattle with the leg of bone. Yeah that curly her motherfucker. We ain't seen, we been seeing this Baldheaded al pic whatever Jaga pinky looking at Russell Wilson. Not, not yesterday. We seen the van yesterday. Russell Wilson 400 some passing yard. When last time Russell Wilson had four. Oh so passing yards. Y'all I I'm waiting my point exactly.


Mike tumbling yo. Yeah. Yeah if you asking me Pittsburgh got a chance if they cut down on them crazy ass penalties and play sound football hide behind that defense. Russell Wilson don't try to force too much. Say look y'all got a motherfucking chance and I gonna give a damn about on Kansas City BT and one I don't give a damn about Travis Kel Taylor Swift potato salad flag ass. I don't give a damn about none of that. That's a new year. If that damn zebra come out up bullshitting throw it in reception his ass going home the first round of the second round if they gig aby. That's all I'm saying. They can't keep playing like that when they get in the playoffs. I bet you that.


I bet can't see it. Take their ass home. I bet you that big red you better get that shit together up there in Kansas City. I know my Kansas City fans on you shoes dude. We gonna be all right. I hope so. That's the same thing my fans told me when I got ready to go there. I hope you can hang it. I can't. I can't get to go motherfucking jail. You seen them put me in cuffs, you seen me crying on the way to the station and then you get mad without coke nigga. Please not The day I got in that cop car, they should have turned they motherfucking self in.


I shouldn't have had to do it for but I did shit she want sit back and think fam gonna keep it 100. See I never got a hundred on spelling test or any test in school. Even when I cheated I didn't get a hundred. You think I'm finna go jail How? Sit down and keep it 100. No you coming with me. Put your hands up and put behind your motherfucking back. Anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law. When they said that, you ought hear my voice. I know that's right. I know that's right. Just telling y'all the facts life what's going on.


Appreciate you whoever set that money, I appreciate it man. I'm just telling y'all what I'm seeing and what I'm going through now what my Atlanta Falcon fans that bring y'all bad ass Kirk frozen. It ain't Kirk Cousins no more. Kirkuck interceptions. I hug you and your wife. Your bad, your bad I you million and you go out and you throw ball mother time and you choke at the end of game. I putting hands on Kirk frozen at the end of the game. You ain't got work about no motherfucking reporter. Put no microphone in your in your face.


You gotta worry about these hands in your face. Falcon six and six. My good people in that Atlanta don't deserve that. The dirty deserve better than that. The house already ain't doing nothing this year. Shit. The braids ain't going to do nothing. Shit they can't even sell homes no more when they longer No damn more because them fun boys running everybody away can't even go through Lenny Mall no more. You ain't even looking at what you think you looking at. You looking at your Uncle Fa you think she bad but but that's your uncle. Them women that y'all looking at down that line thinking they fine them, them uncles and I ain't asking them, I'm just saying what look good from a hundred feet away when you get up on close.


Shoot Uncle net. I'm not bullshitting. You gotta have your bi focus on you can't go do it like this. You gotta take the motherfuckers off and get real up close and personal. You gotta put your goddamn goggles on right. You gotta put your goggles on when you ain't got now you got to see if she a boy or a girl. I'm not bullshitting. Be swimming in the wrong thing or shit. Take clothes off. Forget all that. Take your clothes off. Let me see. Lemme see your birth certificate. I know you're saying your name Tony, but I think your name tone got 100 man.


Get this show. I ain't get this show to get on here and lie and all that. I got this show to keep it 100 with my people. I'm trying to make Martin Luther King and Malcolm X pride that proud. That's all I'm trying to do. We got to stop warming one another. We gotta stop it all.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast. Sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll but with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools Breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible, capture prospect's attention with Clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game-changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those quartz side seats which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort to new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


Stop being so sens if when somebody tell you something you can't take constructive criticism. Sometimes I can't. People tell me something I ain't tripping. Might not like it but I'm gonna listen to it and and respect it at the end of the day. You gotta respect, you gotta respect it man. Respect the grind. No matter what you doing, you gotta respect whatever you doing man. Stop being easy to influenced by people man. Some of you be telling people, some of your dream and people shoot 'em down man you can't do that. Why would you do that? Get out and around them people man. You don't wanna be around nobody shooting down your dreams. We ain't, we ain't getting for that. But back to the Falcons six and six started off hot, ran through my motherfucking cowboy.


It looked promising but now it don't. He right back to what I said he was Kurt Zen charges one. Yeah they in the mix but they ain't gonna do nothing in the playoffs. I'm just keeping it a book. If you are a Charger fan, okay you eight and four. Okay but what have y'all ever done in the play? I'm not a motherfucking thing. You gonna have baby making Phillip Rivers. You have one of the Greg running back LA and Thomas and all that and you didn't win. Oh y'all, y'all go make your bag ass. Remember what you been doing and you ain't done nothing. Talk to me about no mother Falcons.


All the charges. Ain't neither one of them going do nothing. Nathan, Nathan Saints where y'all bad asses at? Started off the season on fire now you throwing trash to put the motherfucking gumbo up. You can't eat gumbo all around nigga you got to change your girl. Eat some soup, eat some go chicken gelada, all that gumbo and, and and what's that gel hang on, what's that other, that ca pasta shit. That's what got, that's what got on Zion. Where is some fat?


I love meisha New Orleans. Don't think you think I love everything about New Louisiana culture. I love the people but the food man I'm telling you you got to change it up some motherfucking time. I know y'all love that Mar gras cake. The King K nigga. What I chocolate cake sell up mother motherfuck cake. Other than that change it go won Good seeing y'all gave Lil Wayne Walker of Fame down there. I love it. I love it man. How y'all feeling tonight though man? It's Monday night. Jama Winston playing the Bronco right now. Man. Lemme tell y'all something about that. During the headlight eyes. Looking at Jama Winston boy, Bower boy about if I'm a coach or a GM and I got a motherfucking backup quarterback that's not performing like Jameson.


I'm telling you right now, I'm upset because we sit back, we laugh at him or he throw the ball away. He do throw the ball away. But lemme tell you something, when that motherfucker locked in, he locked in love everything about Jameson except his duck rag trash ass speeches he be giving. Hey that shit work. It's working Sean Watson at the crib laying down getting massages. That's what he need. I bet the son Watson strong than a motherfucker right now. What you mean duh He to his the keyless shit he got them motherfucking masseuses on now. And everybody know the masseuses will make you rise like the Statue of Liberty. That's all I'm saying.


Rams big up on the Saints. Matthew Staffer still putting it down. Him and Nuer the rob receiver over there that still got Cooper Cup, Kyron Williams run it back over there. They sneaking up in the NC the Rams like I said the NC is Detroit Eagles for me. That's about it. I don't see nobody else sneaking up but it's a team in the NC that nobody believe in in that everybody rolled off. Everybody just down on them. I was down on them. Them motherfucking Cowboys is on they way back and I know it seem farfetched is what I'm telling y'all. But Cooper Gold Rush, there's something going on with this Dallas Cowboy team. Y'all I don't know what it is.


I don't know if aliens came down nigga Dallas and touched them boy. But I know they got the bingo this week. Guess what? There you got a motherfucking chain. Bingos don't play no defense now the offense they God they gonna put up support but I'm expecting Michael Parson and the boys to pull on a motherfucking show. Oh yeah you see me with the cowboy team. I'm Up to no good. I'm serving per I get I you on the field I don god damn 60 minutes. I need you to get down there and get dirty Michael Port. I need three sacks. I need three sacks. I need the dollar cowboy to win this week because the dollar cowboy win this week.


We right back in the motherfuck hunt when my cowboy fans said yeah. Yeah Daniel, you ain't know that we five and seven we win. We six and seven. We right there. We right there with a $260 million quarterback at the motherfucking house playing in his way. Good. That's the way he need to be playing in his motherfucking wing. Let Cooper rush get us to the playhouse somehow I found Jerry Jones. I'm on the phone with every team that need a quarterback. Damnit let's cut a deal. I'll send you that but I need about three or four drop pick you got damn right And we'll eat some of that salary next year after that. He yours?


He yours. See FL it's all about making deals man. It's all about making deals. If you don't, I don't think Dallas Cowboy can get off under Dak Prescott contract used a lie or it's ways around it Let Cooper Rush and I know it's farfetched, I get it. But let Cooper Rush somehow get this Dallas Cowboys team right here to the playoffs that just said they get to the playoffs and win one game. Back outta loud. Back outta loud. And what you do, you draft your quarterback? K I'm wood Shado E or you can't lose with neither one but I prefer Shado, you know what I'm saying? Born in Texas.


Hey let him play in Texas. So that's the way we could rule Prime man. But if not he either or. Now you got your quarterback now you can groom him now you can groom him Cowboy. Well we try to win Super Bowl. We ain't won one with Romo. We ain't win one with motherfucking that. What make you think we gonna win one with Cooper Ru? Be patient. You got to build the team first. Sometimes it's wrong with y'all. Sometimes y'all be getting at work and think you gonna be becoming a millionaire in two or three months. No you gotta grind, grind, trap and trap and trap. Some of y'all watching show you know about trapping. Some of my old schools in here. 40, 45 being in United Jail ain't know all about trapping. Some of you learn, some of you didn't. Some of you learned how to do better.


That's what it's all about. Oppression. Somebody keeps saying the Chief's gonna win it all. I I don't see it. I said it early in the season but I don't see it. I think this is what I really think about the Kansas City Chiefs y'all to be honest, they got the best record in the NFL right now. True enough. But they ain't playing the best ball if that makes sense. They are barely winning any game. Yes they are winning but when they go up against a JU or not like the Detroit line, the mistakes that the chiefs be making, they can't make them against the Detroit line. They can't make them against the Philadelphia Eagles. They can't make them against the Buffalo bill. August Steelers right now. August.


They will pay, they will pay for they mistakes. That's all I'm saying. Yes. Two time I get it. If they go back and win three in a row, I'm saying my home's the goat. That's just my opinion now. I know some of y'all gonna be begging the different No man it still break. I'm not arguing with that. I'm just saying if Pat my home win three in a row, I'm putting 'em in the goat for now. Y'all can say Brady all you want but you got some people still saying Pey Manning is better than Brady. Huh? Damn Margo better than Brady. I'm just telling you what people saying don't make it right but I'm telling you what they're saying three in a row as an NFL team. NFL quarterback.


That's truly amazing. And it ain't never been done. That's all I'm saying. It ain't never been done y'all So you, y'all let me know how y'all feel about that. But if I feel like if the Cowboys go out and beat the Cincinnati bingos this week, which I think they will, I really believe they gonna somehow sneak into the playoffs this year. That's just what I feel. I've been watching the Seahawks they beat up, they beat the, the Jets and Roger need to retire man at at, at the end of the day he ain't really playing that bad. But he ain't, he can't will a team to a victory no more. And Devonte Adams I don't know why you want to go in New York any motherfucking way.


All that hooping and hollering just to get away from Vegas to go to cold as New York. You crazy. You really thought New York just was gonna stop it. My dumb ass did. I was crazy as hell. Chino Smith doing his thing man. Second out Jingo Smith turned his whole career around, thought it was old for him, thought he was gonna be holding the clipboard the rest of his career but then went to Fi got that starting job and they looked back. Metcalf balling, he just not getting back from an injury as well. Sos out Jingo Smith man Aaron Rogers time to let it go. You won't be there next year. Devonte Adams I don't know where you gonna be at next year fam if you, if you ask me Honestly you should have stayed your ass in Green Bay the first time fam.


You should have never went nowhere. You in Green Bay over there with with Joy Love and what They sh Shit And I don't know why I wanna give respect I don't keep forgetting about y'all. The Vikings what Sam Doner is doing. The only way to getting a great payday next year or what the Viking is doing. They beat the Arizona Cardinals yesterday 2322. I ain't see that coming from from Sam Doner. I know Justin Jefferson is the beast up there. They got the running back from the Packers Jones up there as well. But it's like I took a viking of what they doing. I don't think y'all can beat Detroit.


I don't I don't think y'all can beat the Eagles in the playoffs. I don't but but I don't wanna take nothing away from y'all 'cause y'all have been playing good ball. I I gotta give y'all that. Y'all let me know Gimme y'all feed what y'all really think about the Vikings like talk to me on that. Like how do y'all see your season hanging out for the Minnesota Vikings right now. Also before y'all tell me right now, but before we get into this let's talk about Randy Mos mega post saying he has some illness so we gonna pray for Randy Moss, we praying for you brother. We pray the good Lord bless you and heal you, strengthen you when you weak build you up when you torn down. Let's pray for our brother Randy Moss. He asked for prayer. That's what we're going to do.


Gonna give him my of silence for him you know for like five seconds. Hey man back to the show. I gotta talk about my Lakers man. I don't, I don't. And this is a big discussion we going to have I don't understand certain players shooting threes knowing you can't motherfuck shoot three. I don't get that. Stop telling players who can't shoot three to shoot three. It don't make no motherfucking sense to me. Ruy hoo Jamara for the Los Angeles Laker shooting eight to nine threes a night.


For what nigga put the ball on the floor and go you spotting up behind this three point line ain't hitting nothing shooting them long ass threes and ain't getting back on defense. Stop it. Bru over nine last night. Stop shooting no motherfucker nine. Barely be you talking about one mother fucking point ain't playing no defense shooting too many motherfucking three ain't. Stop shooting them. Go to the hole bro.


You 2 85 motherfucking pound fam you can't stop, nobody can't stop you from getting to the motherfucking hole but somehow you want sit out here and shoot three like you Kevin Durant, you not kd, you LeBron nigga. Hey you forgot JJ Rigg keep shooting them guys niggas you shooting us out the game. I was always told you like a shooter shoot. Well the people that's shooting the motherfucker ain't sure if I can't shoot three and I can shoot two Well damnit let me shoot two. Put the ball on the floor, hit your mid rain game, get the two point, get your As back on defense.


No y'all won. Shoot these long ass threes all night. CLA ain't going to get the job done. Somebody gotta be on the Los Angeles Lakers organization. Somebody gotta be down there in them boys here beside JJ Rigged letting them know they bring me in me and Ad get to shooting three. Get your ass out by you. You get her shooting three get your ass out him Free throw line is because ad a Monster ad is bawling. Get your ass down to where that free throw line is Free Throw Lion is, you ain't gotta turn your back to him.


You can face him up like Tim Duncan used to do because you good at that ad. But when you get behind that three point line starting now, hell no. The minute that I put you in the game and you get to shoot three, your head gonna be right over here with me. Go for you too bro. Love you to D you get the ball 20 seconds on the shot clock then you wanna make a move at four, five seconds. Nigga stop dribbling it ain't going no damn work carrying and turn the ball over. I'm gonna talk about you and I'm gonna tell the light it is. You catch the ball, you moving, you moving, you run your play. You gotta be fluid ball, ball moving in this motherfucker. Ain't nobody get shooting it because you open.


You might get be open pump fake and then give a easier shot no shooting. You get behind the people in line. Y'all shooting these 30 and 35 damn figures. Stop it. It makes no sense to me y'all it makes no sense to me. Wendy Yuma balling right now. I had nine 30 point games so for this Caesar. So I got to Wendy Yu, they feeding them Bon Bananas, strawberries, grapes, Chalo Hot Tamales and everything is down there in San Antonio right now. We still praying for you Greg Papa we know you was out with a stroke praying for you and your family playing your first speed recovery but Damnit Wimy Yoba looking good down there with CP three, CP three feeding.


Know CP three ain't gonna shoot the rock. You gonna throw it down there every motherfucking time until you get it right. That's y'all gonna understand about the Lakers. Anthony Davis is the best player on the Lakers. When you come across half court you oughta be trying to get the I the ball to the damn union bro. That's all I'm saying. I'm seeing Austin Res. I thinking he got damn Dirk Theskin nigga you ain't dark, you lost some leaves. You Cant put it. You ar man at the end of the day man, God dang get somebody in here gonna put them people in they right position man. Magic. Where you at? Fa Where you at? Magic We need you man.


We need you man. We been knowing Dak booty. I see I ain't said he ain't. I ain't never said Dak was great. Never if I did I was high. I admit if I ever came on this show and anywhere and said Dak was him, I was high. See I admit my wrongs. I admit my, I admit when I'm wrong. I admit I ain't never said Dak was him. I, I can't remember me ever saying that. Now I might get on here and gas like a couple things but he saying Dak is him. Dak ain't never be him to me. Not never now he gonna have some games where he come out and ball out and he got got sta. That's bigger than some of these players right now. But no that not him all.


Not him at all. See that's the problem with some of y'all right now y'all don't understand entertainment. Somebody say how can the Dallas Cowboy fan on have a eagle jersey? 'cause I'm me nigga. I do what I want to do. If a preacher preaching he do, he got to have a suit. I don't want to tell the motherfucker what's in the bible. Ain't nowhere in the Bible say a preacher gotta wear a suit on Sundays. You here for a message. Not for what I have I don't. I was born naked so I'm saying we born naked when we die and get buried.


Are we gonna be naked then or do you wanna have some clothes on? So I'm gonna Why y'all too simple minded for me y'all too investing in teams that ain't paying y'all. Y'all ain't getting no motherfucking money from wearing jerseys or rooting for team. Y'all ain't getting nothing from that. I'm I'm but you got it But you mad. Guess what? I ain't losing no sleep. You can lose all sleep in the world. I want Business is business.


I for real though. Yeah I brag on but I ain't never said he was him. I ain't never said death was him not never self me. I'm just keeping it 100 man. Some people don't understand the business and what's going on. I got every jersey in the world. I'm with Fanatics. If you want a jersey for your favorite team, I got you. I'm gonna hook you up. But I'm doing, I got a job to do. I might be in the Arizona Cardinals tomorrow am I'm a Arizona Cardinal fan. Hell no. They got the check and I'm gonna wear it. Simple as that. Gotta love it man.


And these real jerseys too. Ain't no bullshit either. Real deal too. Feel good. Feel good. If you Eagle fan, you might got a chance to win your jersey like Cowboy fan. You might got a chance to win your jersey. Whoever fan you are getting to come let me know your team. I'm gonna have my my producers to pick two people out here tonight that's in the chat. And I'm gonna give y'all a jersey. Who? Well, whoever team you like what person you like. I'm gonna get you a jersey man man I got you on me. Show love like that Christmas giveaway baby. So y'all, I'm hooking everybody up. Hooking everybody up. This is what I do. I prayed for nights like this and here I am man. A lot of people gonna get the gig in this position that I am to get flew around to go to these games and and commentate and and brain value and and energy to a team.


That's what I'm doing for Buffalo. Building them up. Lot of people, Buffalo don't really have that many kind of influencers rocking with them like that man. But I rock with all teams. I rock with whoever going to pay me man to do what I'm trying to do. So that's what I'm doing. Like you going like you might see, you gonna see me at the Steelers game rocking the Steelers girl. I done done some business with the Steelers this year. They hired me to come out and do some comic for them for the football players Intraining camp this year. I did that. So I said I'm gonna do my due diligence is going out there and showing love and support to them players. They know me, they rock with me. So I'm gonna do the same with them. Pittsburgh Steelers done came, the coaches done came to my show, my comic shows man I'm showing love. Same with the Indianapolis coach.


That's where I do what I do. You can't put me in no box man. Can't put me. I tried to do that with the snitching video. So I move over here to the sports world man. Yeah, yeah. It's all about going up and up man. Staying ahead of everybody. That's what I'm doing right now man. So don't be feeling no kind of way 'cause you see me in Buffalo, it is business hell, y'all might see me in Minnesota. It's business. I'm an tangle man. At the end of the day, Zel Washington ain't no crook in real life. But he wasn't training. Yeah wasn't it? He got paid to do it. That's all I'm saying. I'm the same way. So get out your feelings and get in your bag.


Get out your feelings and get in your bag is all I'm telling y'all today man. I'm networking. I'm gonna get the texting game too. Okay, I'll see y'all putting y'all teams down. Cool, cool. Keep getting the chat up. Keep getting the chat up man. Y'all ain't getting this kinda entertainment nowhere else but I'll be getting like on a thousand people in the chat Trash. But we gotta keep working though. I'm not sacrificing. I want 10, 15,000 people in the chat. Appreciate you Mike Lee for sending $5. I appreciate it. California. I'll be out there next year in case y'all gonna know I'm going on this big tour, the Wigga Warrens tour. Check the dates to see if I'm coming your way. But California is not on that list. But I will be coming back to California myself doing a comedy show out there.


I'll probably be doing it at the Ontario Improv. So be on the lookout for that. My good team on here, if y'all could pull up my website I got but they can go and check the dates. You can see where I'm at. I got some merch coming with fanatics. We finna collab on some stuff so be on the lookout for that man. But my big comedy tour start February the first. We the ones tour of me, Mike IPPs, country, Wayne, Carlos Miller, Corey Holcomb, Tony Roberts, mojo Brooks, the list goes on and on man. Lil Duval. So be on the lookout for that man. In case y'all don't know man, I'm a stand up comedian first. That's what I do. I'm I'm him. Yeah. If you ain't never seen me perform, man, grab your tickets.


I'm him. And I ain't just telling you. I ain't telling you just to say that. I'm really aint him. Go to my website bubba dub t.com, check my tour dates. You can check and see where I'm at, this, that and the third. Make sure y'all putting y'all team down too much more. Definitely more alive than money. But living on earth. If you ain't got money, you ain't got nothing. Gotta have money to survive man. Especially if you got kids. But money don't mean everything. 'cause when you die you can't take to sit with you. Never forget that. A lot of people get that in their head. Money is just, yeah. But Steve Jobs had all the money in the world but didn't have a kidney. You understand what I'm saying?


So long money is everything. Long as you do it for the right reasons. Take care of your family, take care of other people. Donate it to children with brain cancers and tumors and cancers or money is everything you can hip it, you, you if you use it the right way. Some people use their money different. Some people use their money as a tool like Pete did it. You see where that shit gets you. Harvey Weinstein, you see where that shit gets. You gotta use your money the right way. And people who got money ain't got to give back. Either They can do what the hell they want to do with they money, but that's not me. That's not my motto. I'm gonna give back and show love. But they ain't gotta do nothing. They can do whatever they wanna do with it.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast. Sifting through leads. Creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools Breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with Clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, what? Describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top Reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Wake up at Holiday Inn. Express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need, and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone. Like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real time data. Visit join signals.com today.


I feel like some people be like, man, they got all that money they don't have, you. Don't give back. They ain't got to. That's they money. Do what they wanna do. You do what you want your money long as you do right with your money. I don't never worry about what the next man doing. I'm only worrying about what I'm doing concerning. My thing is I wanna build, try to build everybody up. People that like y'all that rock with me. Come on my show each and every day. I want to give y'all things that's given to me. I want to give y'all things, man. That's what it's about. Showing love. That shit gonna come back. Maybe not to me, maybe to my children, maybe to my cousins or my good friend. That's the way I look at the world and the universe. Man. Good energy, good things will happen to you. You be good to people. People be good to you. Now do bad things happen to good people all the time but you let the good Lord deal with that.


Been plenty of time. I done been good to somebody, they done throw over me. I let God handle that. I let the good Lord handle that man. I just want to continue to be a great comedian, a good entertainer. Continue to build my show up so people like y'all can come over here and chill and relax and laugh and have a good time. 'cause that's what it's all about in life. Having a good time. 'cause life is short on earth. A lot of us here today but somebody might not wake up tomorrow. I pray everybody do. But they just, the reality of life. It's the reality of life. Some of us might not wake up tomorrow. So I don't wanna go to bed mad with somebody or somebody thinking I didn't like them.


I like everybody, love everybody. Take that lot back. I might not like y'all ways, but I love everybody. I don't hate nobody on earth. Just like everybody ain't gonna like me. I'm cool with that.


Now part of the show, if you didn't know it showed being presented by pics. Yep, going download the number one sports thing. See app right now. Use my promo code trash y'all with the two Hs. Man you, you betting on more or less on your favorite player. It's simple. You put $5 in the night, they're gonna give you 50 real talk. That $50 you get, you can spend $10 or $15 and maybe win a thousand or 1500. It's just that easy. Only way you ain't winning. If you ain't playing. You dig Real talk


And. If you can't watch my show and you can only get listen to it. But check this out though. Go to Apple podcast, go to Spotify, type in The, Bubba, Dub Show. Download it. Let's get these downloads up. Let's get this check up, let's get this show up where it supposed to be, y'all real talk. EHPN ain't entertaining. Y'all the same old bullshit going on ESPN and Fox each and every motherfucking day. I'm better than both shows now we got to show the world that this is where they need to come and get their sports news from and shit going on in the world. News from and need to come right here to The, Bubba, Dub Show. And I need y'all help. That's all I need. Damnit spread the word man. I go y dub you drop. I know he figure say some shit and that I need to hear.


I need a good lab. My boss getting on my motherfucking nerve. My woman getting on my nerve or my getting on my wherever. Wherever you got going on, somebody getting on your nerve and you need to relax. You can come to my show. Sit back, relax and laugh at me 'cause you know I'm crazy. You know I'm gonna say some shit gonna sound crazy but it's real nigga ain't fake. It's real now. Some of y'all right now sitting around here head hurting and you gonna know what's going on 'cause you still eating on that goddamn Thanksgiving food. Throw that shit away if you still eating Thanksgiving food, you sick. I ain't them nine nothing. I got all my Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving food in the freezer. Shit you better throw that bullshit away.


I'm fixing act like a gang boy. The hell like me that damn shit and and then I'm throwing that sugar away. You ain't got no damn tag for no dear meat. Come here Ta tavia. I gotta tell it like it is man. I can't get on here and sugarcoat shit. I come over here and sugarcoat y'all and soon as I get off this show I be feeling bad like man I can't believe that shit. That shit man. Nah, I gotta keep it real with myself before I can keep it real with y'all. I have to keep it real with myself and sometimes a lot of people gonna know what be going on. I be having to let y'all know what's going on. Sometimes. I don't owe y'all no explanation for why I do what I do. I'm just telling you 'cause I I don't mind letting you know if you see me rocking this or rocking it, I'm letting you know what's going on.


I don't wanna never keep my people in the dark. I done told you what it is. Buffalo is my side. That's all I'm saying. Buffalo B is my side hole. That's all cowboy love. I will damn once she get doing cowboy like y'all lady losing and nagging and shit. I got the door. Hell y'all do it in real live watch He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you hell Come on now. Now hell no segment. So I like ask me what got world football cleats on concrete. Hell no. Why would I do Any? Hell no.


Hell No. Why football C Creeks on shit. So add me. You keep going to buffalo. You gonna move to Buffalo? Hell no I'm not moving no motherfucking cold buffalo snow shit I like to die last night in that mother snow white boy running around with they shirt off no shoes or socks on. Now you're in the hospital with pneumonia talking about pray for Nathan. Shit let Nathan go. I don't understand y'all white people no shirt on, no socks on but naked ringing down the road. Now you're in the hospital with pneumonia now your family and them. Everybody pray for Nathan let that motherfucker die because it makes no sense.


Nathan smarter than that GPA 3.9 but this motherfucker walk around naked time a bitch put on boy. And I know y'all been seeing this dude, he on Discovery channel some white dude I love him to death. He be out there in the wilderness Alaska building, building them little TP huts and living and he said something the other day it scared the shit out me. He was walking and he seen burn tracks. He said y'all see those burn tracks? This is where I wanna put my tent. Never you looking for devil. Everybody applied him. Oh my god this guy's the real deal. He seen burn tracks and put his tin there.


Oh my god he's my hero. Okay your hero they gonna die. Them motherfucking barrels don't they ain't name they love white meat them them birds love white meat. Ain't no season on they good for us nigga. We got two much seed. Why we got high blood pressure? We got too much seeds in the hot sauce Ain got blood. They don't want no white people see it good for they diet. That's why them birds be killing them white folk. It is good for they diet. Nobody ain't got no season on them. Know damn well. And they us niggas we hardcore. We used to to mos at them steel mill and that why be so strong and built like that man real to we gonna take good to barrel.


We take good to white people. Ain't no season no the motherfucker, it's like barrels eating white people is like Turkey from subway, Turkey stem from Subway way all the right ingredients on that motherfucker. And that's what them bur that's what they love about white people and them white people, they don't put up no fight either. When them birds grab them motherfucker they ain't putting up no fight. They just like if the bird get me it get me they don't even put up no fight. Ask them white people when they friend get mogged they get laid and shit. Shit ain't no nigga gonna figure no lay and let no damn burn Come on.


None of them two. A nigga ain't going with no burn head now I know some real nickels. Yeah I ain't saying n I'm saying nickel. Ain got CKLS I'm I know some real nickels right. I'm talking about hardcore I think. I think real killers they ain't going out there fucking with no stop. I some real niggas now that they wouldn't even go around on the, on the other corner live and fuck With over. Hell because there's always somebody back. Like my homeboy growing up, he used to punk me, bully me all the time. I shut up Bubba. I beat you up. I be quiet but he wasn't saying that shit around that corner.


When it come to us he was Debo, he around that corner. He became me. So guess what I did. I started hanging around corner. That's what I started doing. Y'all, we even the school you ain't finna keep taking my money and chip money. No I Man I can't believe you did that. I can't believe you were doing me like that fam. So I had to go and get some help. I'm a helper.


I'm a helper to the law. I'm a helper to Santa Claus. I'm a helper to a lot of people when I'm in trouble. Oh yeah I'm, I'm I'm Billy. Bad ass. I we can go and commit whatever crime y'all wanna commit. I'm with it. But when the police get involved and I'm pretty sure they will get involved and find out what went on. You ain't got to think you ain't got to ponder. I'm letting you know I'm going to. I'm telling them how it started, who planted it. What kind of gas was it? Un unlimited. Was it super? Was it premium? I'm letting them know every goddamn thing that they want to know how much money I had in my pocket. How much money you had in your pocket.


Did your baby mama call? Get your anger call. Did we run a rent light? Did we what we ate that day They going know every damn thing like it was an autopsy. I'm not bullshitting You. I'm the type of man that gotta call your mama. Ma'am look I was with him. Listen I was with him shy blind. I was with him and you know that gun over your sister daddy house right now And and I get wrong to let you know I told 'em where it's at and they on their way to get it so you could stop all that. Ah my son ain't did you a mother fucking lie. You ain't raised shit. Your momma raised him. That was wrong with some of these women around here. Ain't denying I raised my kid. You ain't raised shit. Hold your, your momma raised them kids.


You was ho but you wanna run to these mother and grab your waists acting like y'all are some good parents. Y'all ain't nothing but some hoes. No ain't one a month nigga to, to give y'all some motherfucking money when y'all women gonna start giving up nigga some money. Even though I don't need none. But when y'all gonna start helping the real niggas out, nigga been taking care of y'all 10, 15, 20 years. He get down on his look. All of a sudden now y'all want to leave now they Up to get wrong. People got for you now a man gonna go out and get a woman that got three or four kids and love her and take care of the rest of their life.


What woman gonna go out and get a man that got three or four years and take care of him? Not damn you niggas better start paying attention. What's going on in life. Y got motherfucker fine but she got three and four motherfucking kid that that nigga didn't even want. He gone and IA come in and grab you and and and be a hero. Shit I think not. We can walk around, we can, we can grind. I don take long before me walking down that aisle with you. Never before me walk into church with you walking your ass in the steak and shake and to a room. That's it.


God will make bigger choices. I keep telling you women stop sleeping with who you want to sleep with and sleep with. Who you need to sleep with. Yeah you want LeBron? Yeah you want the meow. You want all these thuggish dudes. I just want me a thug. It's somebody a man with dread. I hear y'all women, somebody man with muscle but that ain't what you need. You need rag ass square ass Russell Wilson over ain't the kind of man you need. They gonna help you take the time out with your kids. Help your kids read some of your kids right now 12 and 13 years old can't read and write shoes on the wrong foot but they cold and mad in the NBA 2K. That's a problem. You ho ain't tension no more. Throw at home. Don't teach until you men stop running the streets every motherfucking day.


Get home and talk to your son. Talk to him. Nah, he might not be in sports like you. He might be a scientist I, don't know. But get because your kid not good in sports like you good. That don't mean disowned. Stop hollering and screaming at your kids all the time. Talk to 'em. We're in a lower tone of voice man. These kids different from us. They soft. All that hollering, screaming. Don't do them. Hurt they feelings. You gotta get down on they level. We all gotta be better. I gotta be better man. I'm hard on myself. I'm on the road each and every day, every other week. I got two girls, man, I'm in and out. Think about my kids a lot while I'm on that road.


But I'm sacrificing man to, for them to have a better life. Man. Don't have to grow up like I grew up man. And they ain't never got to. You know what I'm saying? Like depending on no man I don't never want my girls depend on no man when they get older they gonna make their own decisions and do what they want. But I don't never want 'em depending on nobody. I want 'em to have their own. So I'm out here grinding and stacking this shit as much as I can stack it for 'em and not only stack it for forgive 'em, but billing jobs too. I can hire people who can't get good jobs man and bring them on the team where they can take care of their family and they loved ones Sometimes I know a lot of people might not believe in Thanksgiving 'cause it really ain't nothing but a scam when they kill everybody and, but people celebrate.


I celebrate it, you know, but it's Thanksgiving every day for me. Christmas, some people don't celebrate Christmas. But for the people that do and and for the, some of the children who don't never have no gifts, I hate that for 'em. Even though the best gift in the world is waking up in the morning. But you know what I mean by having presents for them kids, them other kids they watching, they go to school and them kids got new clothes and new shoes on and they don't, I hate that. That bothers me man, a lot. And I know we do charities, we do donations, but I'm the telling man, I'm a hands on. I wanna be able to go to these households and myself knock on the doors like Jehovah Witness and I know it's such and such. It's been wearing such and such not to get in your business.


But can I help? Can we, can I, can I do something to help y'all man? And I ain't saying they gotta work Jordans 'cause that shit don't mean nothing because I don't wear Jordans no more. You, I ain't saying they gotta wear Nikes either or none of that. But at least give 'em some good decent clothes that's presentable, man. Do they like games? Like let's get 'em a PS five if we can or whatever it is to, to help these kids not wanna be in the streets when they grow up. 'cause they never had nothing. Nighttime people go out and and hustle 'cause they never had these things. Like as fathers as people that's in position to help people. Let's, let's, let's really help these people that really need this help. Do their kids need a computer or something? Like there's ways to help, bro.


I'm seeing it and I'm, and I'm, I'm, I'm stacking man. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna keep striving, good lord know my heart to get in position to help people who really need it. Man, it's not about buying Jordans and, and and, and Louis Vuittons and I got all that shit. And it don't mean nothing. 'cause when I'm dead and gone, somebody else gonna have that shit means nothing. But for the children who are suffering from maybe needing socks, shirts, toothbrushes, all this other stuff, I wanna be in position to help these people, man. So that's what I'm working hard for. Yes, I'm tired. I've been flying all day, but I still, when I get home, I'm gonna go live. I'm gonna get on here and put this content out and talk to y'all and let y'all know what's going through my mind.


If you a first time ever watching my show and you getting a little bit, you getting to know about me a little bit more and more and who I am and I told you my first love is standup. Like what you see on here, you only getting about 40% of me. You get a hundred percent of me on that stage, like being real. But this is what I do, man. This just, this is my life. Just the life I chose. This is what I love to do. I love to make people laugh. I just do it in a truthful way. And if anybody watching this show and you've been dying now you've been discouraged. Keep pushing. 'cause I've been where you've been. I maybe not been what you've been through, you may not been what I've been through.


But keep pushing. It gets bettered at the end of the day. I promise you that. I have my good days, I have my bad days. I have days where I feel like, man, I don, I don't know, but they just, the devil talking. The good Lord, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't dwell and miss. And he gonna dwell in evil. Only the devil do. So if anybody watching this show and you depressed, man, keep pushing better days ahead. Get around your loved ones. Get around people. Get around a good support system. If anybody watching this show right now and you an alcoholic and man and you wanna stop drinking, don't stop. Keep enjoying your motherfucking life.


Just don't drink and drive. God damnit, just don't drink and drive. Somebody on here wanna stop smoking weed. Stop. Stop. But I ain't that this ain't trash. It's on Dick. Hell, it, it, y'all know I had to throw some coming in the end though. But keeping the 100 though, if you're an alcoholic man, you wanna get some help, go and get some help, man. It's never too late to do, to stop anything that you gonna wanna be doing. Just stop drinking and driving, man. Thank everybody for tuning in this sugar night, man. I, I'm, I'm, I'm probably go, I'll probably go live tomorrow.


I'll probably go live tomorrow and chop it up with y'all as well. I'm getting in the comments. I got my team getting in the comments right now. We're gonna pick two people. I want him to put it on the screen so my producers, before I get off, pick two people on here, whoever it is, and we're gonna give away two jerseys, whatever team they like and what plug they like. We're gonna give away two jerseys. Every time I go live, we're gonna give away two jerseys, man. That's what we doing. I'm giving back for Christmas. I know some families aren't here that watching my show, probably struggling. I don't know I don't know who I was struggling, this and that. But we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're gonna feed two, we're gonna feed two families.


We're gonna feed two families this Christmas. That's my heart, man. I love helping people, man. That's where I pray. The God that put me in position to do I want, I'm, I'm a legal, not a follower. Might not be giving much, but I'm gonna give, yeah, the bigger my plate, the bigger I'm gonna give away. But let's keep, let's keep being great people. Let's keep getting this check up. Let's keep getting these shows. But man, man, it's a formula one hat, man. What you talking about? It's trash. What you talking about, bro? It's a formula one hat, brother. Yeah. Trash of the day.


Going to the Cincinnati Bingos defense trash. Y'all ain't getting no more chili up there in Cincinnati until y'all get to the defense store. Stopping somebody. Just don't stop my dollar cowboy this week. That's all I'm asking for. Peace, love out. The, Volume.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, sciences and more. You'll sort to new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Wake up at Holiday Inn. Express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need, and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts,


The perfect gift This season is here. One moment. The number one New York Times bestseller from Leon Moriarty. Author of Big Little Lies readers are raving about this book, calling it impossible to put down here. One moment is a brilliantly constructed tale of an ordinary, short domestic flight where something extraordinary happens. People learn how and when they are going to die. It's the perfect book for book clubs and will stay with you long after finishing the last page here, one Moment by Leon Moriarty available now wherever books and audio books are sold.