
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open Ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz. To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FAC et.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal or tax advice.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon.


Now


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premieres 24 7 on BET plus with the premium monthly plan. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series. BET plus has Culture on Locke, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love


The. Volume. Yeah. Yeah. Good mother. Good morning. Hit the like button ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the My first time users. Welcome. I don't hit the subscribe button today. There was a lot going on last night. I ain't talking about nos. I ain't talking about that talking before I even go.


Come on now for the rest of you. mfs. I ain't talking about y'all watching this show. I'm talking about for the ones you know Who you for the rest of you motherfuckers was getting on the internet talking, getting in the comment section. When you gonna slide Well look, it gets you in the motherfucking cell. That boy gets you for sliding. Get back. Yeah I owe that. Yeah Dirk, you the voice of the people. You better be the voice of the snitches. If it was me, if I'm Dirk, I'm the voice of the snitches.


I'm in there right now talking. This ain't no rumor. This ain't no third party shit. I'm letting you know I'm talking man. Done worked hard to get where he yet. Oh but y'all want him to slide though. Y'all want him to be this gangster. Y'all want him to be this big time monster. God damnit. Come get this monster time. Yeah, you can't ride no track Hawks in jail. Nickel. You become a track hawk. Hopefully everything I'm talking about hopefully is done if it's true and this man get to come home and get back to putting out great music and being with his family. But if it is got to be wanting the dumbest fuckers in on earth, that's to be, Think about it people, his right hand man, his shoulder as they say allegedly was the shoulder get killed man.


Rest in peace. All of a sudden now the fans ones who ain't really about their life though but they think it's cool. Come on, come on dur Dirk a whole new man. He ain't getting no get back man. He soft man y'all, y'all all in this ear. Stop buying this music like y'all used to 'cause he ain't sliding for y'all but y'all ain't sliding for y'all funky ass cousins either. Some of y'all cousins done got slid 75 damn time. Y'all ain't done nothing. Nah man I can't even do nothing man. I'm in college nigga. Stop it. Stop it.


We have to be smarter people. We come from a life of crime so when God bless you or whatever bless you to get to where you trying to get to, you gonna go back to it. That's the dumbest shit in the world. I gotta prove how gangster I am. No I don't. I can show I can, I can prove you how much I can change by when I see some shit I'm dialing 9 1 1. I show you I you the new your As be right down there in county and told on me and did and indeed and do it again. When will we learn man? Why there have been so many examples in the world for us not to continue to follow the follow what other people done done.


Man, one thing I know two things for certain man. You can't get away from them damn beds. Them white boys do their homework five, 10 years on your ass. You think you out here. Look at Meech. Mech been selling dope since 89, 2005. Come here, I'm gonna sit your hot your ass down somewhere. That's what they did. Snitches and whoever told to get my boy at that time but he home now thank God. But yeah the feds let your ass run, run and run and run. Yeah. Yeah. And before you know it, come on you got a track record. Boy I been watching you since for 17 years.


Them white boys will let you get bigger than the world man before they come take it. That man ain't got no business. I hopefully that ain't true. We all going off for leg. But let's be real here man. Man, that man I understand he want to get back but you gotta let the streets do that. You can't get involved in that. You can't participate. You can't say here I give you the money and you go pay somebody and you pay some. Nah they ain't gonna do that. We see that shit going on with ju down in Memphis. That murder for high shit. That shit weak. If it ain't justified murdering somebody is weak, it's whack.


It's whack, it's whack. Watching dirt get arrested on tv, it's whack watching them other three men get arrested. It's whack killing people for no damn reason. So if I'm Dirk, if I'm what's his name? Devonte. If I'm Devonte, Lil Dirk is what they call him. I'm talking right now. I don't need no damn lawyer either. I don't need no lawyer. I'm willing to talk. I was in a bad place. I was on per thirties. I didn't love myself. I was hearing voices. That's why I made the song album voice by I was hearing voices. I was letting y'all know. Then something went right with me. If I'm 30, I'm telling shit.


I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm telling shit on Obama. Oh a nigga hit me. Michelle walked through the hood one time, didn't even wave at me. Done something to me, made me feel some kind of way black man not waving nothing up. Black man supposed be president supposed be my idol. I wave at me, he don't wave at me. It made me hear shit made me go out and do some shit. I'm just saying if I'm 30 I'm coming up all kinds of shit. Y'all hit that like button man. Hit that subscribe button man. Hit them likes up man y'all ain't getting this kind of content. Nowhere is why my shit low. Let's get my sugar up. I rather my sugar be Logan my likes and views keep my shit up.


Supposed to be on here talking my sports but I can't because my brother in jail man. Somebody kids in jail. Somebody's son has been murdered behind Cly. Stupid shit. When will it stop? When will it stop? We sit up here and get on the platform, talk about the same shit every day. But them nigga, most of them nigga behind the pie, they don't wanna get out there and really wanna put in the work protest and all this and that. They don't wanna do that. Like my little nephew again, them niggas gangster but when I come around I'm og. When I come around y'all little niggas don't listen to me until my n nephew showed me that switch. Shit you got it nephew. You need a couple dollars. I'm just keeping the one home. I was hard till my nephew showed me them switches.


Shit y'all don't need, y'all don't need me to tell y'all nothing else. Shit. Y'all know everything. Shit. I'm calling my nephew big homie now. Got my respect. My momma come around Mama don't Don don't you throw up that shit. They don't wanna hear that. Get your ass in this car mama and let's go. I'll leave your ass in. I'll leave my mama right there with them killers. Shit you know the motherfuckers you can't tell them. Nah y'all going listen to me. Shit that youngster pull that up. Shit y'all we going listen to y'all. We won't be on this block after five babies. Shit. What? My mama told him. We won't be on this block after five. Its all y'alls. I know what it's from time to time I'm a good dude.


I go out and buy a little Caesar's Pizza and bring it to 'em on the block while they getting it in 'cause they don't want me moving around. They don't. I don't want them to miss licks. I'm a real og. I don't want them youngster Miss Licks. So I go and get 'em, you know what I'm saying? Little Caesar pimp pep. Yeah I know how to build my community up. Ain't nobody on my block got killed either last six months. It's been good 'cause I'm keeping people from over there. Y'all want stay dope. Go right head. We don't see nothing. We don't see nothing. How y'all feeling this Friday? Man I'm telling. We going through so much shit man. So much shit. We're dealing with the dig now. We're dealing with the dirts. We, we black people. We got to do better.


We all now just black people. All of us all gotta do better. We're in the shit hole right now man. We ain't a shithole. We in a shithole and I don't like it man. I, I get on here, I laugh and I joke that's my job. But I'm so sick of us man. We we are hurting our own selves. We are hurting our own self. Man, y'all just don't know.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream. The best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in hi original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Hazlett and the Impact Atlanta starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dionne Cole and Diara from Detroit starring Diara Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs all ad free with a premium monthly plan. Black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love. From exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET plus


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondent and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Here's edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some FO Ks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, fan Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlamagne the God we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Maria Kova. And I'm Nate Silver. And our podcast, risky Business is a show about making better decisions. Both Nate and I are journalists who moonlight as poker players. We've both won and I have to say lost hundreds of thousands of dollars playing poker. And poker is a lens that we're going to use to approach this entire show because poker isn't just about playing cards, it's actually about how to make good decisions. It's an entire framework for thinking about the world. In addition to poker, we'll be talking about the wide world of gambling. So sports betting for example, plus the news politics. It is an election year and personal decisions too. Like whether I should call a plumber or fix my shower myself. Tune into risky business every Thursday. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Get down watching this show man. I've been talking my little dirt non fucking get to the sports last night, Thursday night football game. Bikings Rams Rams won one. Good. Oh yeah they three and throw as soon as he get his number one back. Look what he do. Vikings. Y'all just lost to Detroit. I know it's a short week. Say don bowing though. Don't let the 10 points gonna lead fool you. This was a good game.


This was a damn good game last night. Aaron Jones had 19 carries for fuck what nine carries for 58 19 Kara 58 yard. That ain't good. Justin Jefferson had eight catches for 115. I'll take that. Justin Jefferson is probably the best receiver in the NF NFL right now. I don't really think. Nobody really wanna argue with me on that one. Sam Donga might be the NFL comeback player of the year for him looking like he looking like an NFL comeback player of the year. I don't think y'all could argue with me on Sam Durham but back to the Ram Kyrene Williams ran the rock last night. 23 carry 97 yard staff for 25 for 30 34, 279 yard passing both touchdown one interception.


But that ain't the Kier. The Kier was the riffs. The mother and riffs missed their face mask. Call on Sam Ham when they was on they own fire yard line. And if they call that maybe Minnesota go down there and tie that game up. Just maybe Minnesota go down there and tie that game up. But the refs didn't call it. I don't like it. Why y'all got all these damn cameras on the field and in New York and and everywhere else but you can't see a face mask. We talking damn.


Damn the FL don't occur though. Go. Why we gonna keep watching rounds three and four down Viking five and two VI done lost their last two games. Y'all need some damn milk. Y'all need some damn milk. If any company out there got some milk that can, that can I'm talking about. I'm talking about scientists testify that, that that can build bone muscle. Send it to me. I'm gonna send something to the Lakers. I'm gonna send something to the clippers. I'm gonna send something to the sisters lb bring your big ske walking there. Come on nursing home wearing LB s. Come on I got something for you. Taste big buddy.


I don't drink milk. That's why you hurt now not drinking milk. I'm a red top baby. Yeah, I'm a red top baby. I done had chicken pox. Y'all don't know nothing about chickenpox. You new breeder. I done had chickenpox shit. That red top milk get you where you at Bullshit going on around here y'all. And we got to fix it. We gotta fix it and we will. Yep. I know y'all seen that th nuggets game last night. Westbrook with the Honda and two ten six points. That ain't gonna get it.


Yo is running around like he got splinters in his damn feet. That ain't the yo. I know. Y'all see the way yo is running now running like it got SPSers in his damn feet. Boy what's wrong with your feet? Y'all done gave Murray all that money didn't do a damn thing. Don't give a damn about being they first game I done gave you 200 something million. You better be to go. I say play $200 million man. It's the first gang dude. When you cut your PS five on, that motherfucker supposed to come on the PS five when you push the power button it supposed to come on. That's what supposed to do $200 million Man shit you better get out there and get me f opening night f and smile when you do it too.


Ni you represent. I couldn't be a coach coach. I couldn't be none of that. My team, my team gonna respect me. Why? Because I'm bringing my file with me. On my job people rings hell shit on me if I'm coach. Yeah you y'all making that money. Show him that switch. Same what my nephew showed me. I use it. I wouldn't really use it 'cause I'm capping like I told y'all I ain't never been a shooter. I always been the type of nigga that's shooting the out with my eye. I I'm, I'm capping but I want the world, world know man will pull that thing and shoot but I really won't. That's what I'm telling the law. Look, look you can tell I know what I'm doing.


I'm looking around making sure I don't hit nobody and shooting in I how situations I know how to get outta a situation. That's just me though. That's all I'm saying though. Shy bogged out last night. 28 point D ass shit. Hit 25 hell shy ain't bullshitting. You got something up there. I'm telling y'all gonna be right back where they was last year. Shy at midrange game boy is potent. Should I get to that midrange jumper? Ain't nothing you can do with him. Not ass shit. Feeling like he Kevin Durant. Y'all see the way shit play. He feeling like he kd they gonna be a damn problem.


Oklahoma ain't got worry about no more goddamn tornadoes shit. Them two youngsters feeling Stop all that niggas done brought in Westbrook. You know it's one game like like like if you going really make a difference I like Westbrook but he ain't finna make no difference for you nigga. Y'all not getting now another damn ring. Only thing the niggas good at is beating my damn likes. Tune in night, put tune in tonight. We putting something on Raccoon her having that Katie and them ass tonight. You can bet that and I'm gonna put some grease in Devin Booker. Damn. Hell because you still know The head shoulders ain't working. I know you got white in but nigga you need some grease, some greasing.


Devin Booker have a night. Watch what we do. I love you but you not playing tonight. You not playing tonight. Matter of fact wear a, you not even shooting up tonight. Love. But you ain't shooting ain't street. Hell you gonna be a motherfucker in NBA make a I'm gonna get my money one back one way back outta Bru if I'm Jimmy Bus shit. Nigga get out that model shit. I show you how to make some money Penny money to be made around him. Wolves Kings went down to the end. Damn an man damn funny.


Marco Julius round shit. He told me he wasn't no damn he wasn't trying 33 last night. An man 32 man shot 15 three nigga you ain't Curry. I love your twin but you ain't Curry. You shooting too many motherfucking three. You win a gold medal and all of a sudden you think you wanna shoot 15 three. Shit you better get your ass inside these three point line and do some damage. They player, they don't wanna go to the hole no more. They don't wanna dark on nobody. They don't want to get down in dirt. They wanna shoot threes all game. Get your ass up behind that. Get another like MJ used to do and back him down.


Fade away. Y that's a good game between them and the Kings though Man got no Monroe over there now. He had a good game. S bonus balled out. Fox didn't really do too much. Murray got out. Monk had 17 off the bench but it wasn't enough. Aunt man went, took a free throw line two seconds left. Come here. Come on. That's what your superstar player gotta do when the game on the line. Can you go up there and hit these free throw man say you damn right. That was my only problem Dwight. How I 45 points 30 12 blocks. Get to the free throw lie TRASH and guess what them culture used to do in that Too many, many more.


Come here, come here you shit your ass right here. That damnit you no good free throw shooting motherfucker. You, you can do everything else great but shoot free. Throw shame for Shaq boy. I make them when I count. That's a lie. That's a damn lie. That's a negative God damn it. If you are a superstar you gotta be able to step to that free throw line. I don't give a damn about the crowd screaming. I don't give a damn about the hostile environment. I don't give a damn what's going on in your life. If I'm a owner I'm giving you 60, $70 million a year. You better not miss damn damn free throw And don't look at your motherfucking hands either because I'm an old slave owner. I got a whip bow hit you right on your damn knuckles too.


She I bet you won't miss damn another one. That's if I was a coach, that was our owner. If I was the owner that what I would do. Watch the Spurs marriage last night. Damn Wendy look pitiful now I told Greg Pop old alpac old looking ass. I already told him start giving that banana milk. That's how from he nothing about this Texas shit. Give him banana milk. See bringing in Chris Paul. Chris Paul gave him three points last night. You need to retire new.


Come on Chris. Paul making 20 minutes. You need to retire new. Couldn't be no owner at the end of the game. High fiving my player when they got lost. I be damn y'all some sorry motherfucker. We champions down here in Santon yo. Y'all going to the tongue. Its all good. Got that one game out the way I beat. Damn. Come here with me boy. What you eat? What you eat before the game? Don't you eat that shit? No. Damn I brought you to get outta him. No homo. I brought you here to get it outta him. You ain't doing it when Mema got the missing shots and started getting started losing confidence.


Pick your chin up, head up nigga you already eight foot tall. Get your ass down on the block and just put it in there. You already look in the room nigga put it in there. Shit man y'all get this light button up man. Y'all get, y'all get, y'all get this shit up man because you're not getting this nowhere else. No, I'm telling y'all truth here tonight man. Anyway. Luca got Kyrie 15 but let's talk about the elephant in the room. That Twinky color looking at Clay Thompson six threes last night.


Y'all, y'all said he was a y'all. He was an old Alterna but God damnit Luke and Kyrie refurbished it. Clay Thompson is a refurbished cartoon. Look good last night Live came out the business 15th too. God Dallas is back. The SAG Warren motherfuckers is back to to back back drop boy Fred back yellow be back rooted chicken back. Y'all gonna respect Dallas Now if Clay shoot the ball consistently like that, the NBA is in trouble.


I don't give a damn about the sales, none If Clay shoot that ball like that but Luca gonna do what they do. That's fat unorthodox Garfield Chess have motherfucker is probably the best player in the league right now. I'm just telling you the truth about Luca and you got Kyrie and so Kyrie gonna get you one-on-one Luca can get you one-on-one. What you going to do? You know what I'm saying? You gonna double. Okay double me. You know Luca good at penetrating and finding the opening guy when he kicked that motherfucker out the clay. You seen him throwing his hands up and running back down the court because he already knew the results. That's what you gotta do in live. So you've been having with your girl and you ain't been, you ain't been performing.


You need some results nigga take some I'm on now And it feels so good but ain't nothing like taking some PDs and your girl don't know it. You going there and I spread like Jordan, I'm looking at her, she looking at me, I'm talking to her. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm putting all this in you. Yeah, putting all this up in you ain't nothing talking, talking shit. I'm really talking because I'm j I'm telling you 100.


Man whatever you do in life, you gotta want results. And Leo with it. I'm living with mine Damn good. What you want Shit BlueShield boy if I can't get the blue Chew, I'm on them hundred packs and when I'm in there LA I'm smoking on me, I'm smoking on meat. Hell go and get it. Go and get it. How y'all feeling Today is Friday payday some of y'all old people, you seen them calling you seen them texting you, you ignoring it. Stop when call over like you to because you know you gonna need it again.


I understand. People come borrow money from me then fall out with you so they gonna have to pay you back. Then four, five months later, hey found Wonder hell


no. HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream. The best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and in influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Haslett and the Impact Atlanta starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dion, Cole and Diara from Detroit starring Diara Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs all ad free with a premium monthly plan, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love from exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET plus


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some F Ks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, fan Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne the God we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Maria Kova. And I'm Nate Silver. And our podcast, risky Business is a show about making better decisions. Both Nate and I are journalists who moonlight as poker players. We've both won and I have to say lost hundreds of thousands of dollars playing poker. And poker is a lens that we're going to use to approach this entire show because poker isn't just about playing cards, it's actually about how to make good decisions. It's an entire framework for thinking about the world. In addition to poker, we'll be talking about the wide world of gambling. So sports betting for example, plus the news politics. It is an election year And personal decisions too. Like whether I should call a plumber or fix my shower myself. Tune into risky business every Thursday. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


He knows what he hell no, hell no, hell no. This part of the segment new people gonna know I got a hell no segment. I got a hell no segment that we do. And and and then when, when we gonna talk about it, we I go and do some time for a crime that I didn't commit. Hell no do some time for some shit I didn't do. I'm not gonna do some time. When I done done some shit I'm not gonna do it.


Not, not, not never. I can talk to my God. He told me talk the truth will set you free and think what he saying. That's what I'm doing. Heaven. The Father don't put no more burden on me like that In your will. I will tell yeah. Yeah In God will, I will tell you consistently let somebody borrow money knowing they ain't gonna pay you back. Hell no. I don't care what kind of emergency it is. I don't give a hell no I'm not giving. You not gonna be able to do it. We'll not do it. There's some people on this show right now. Somebody don't wanna pay 'em back.


Man, stop all that man. If the people gave you something man, keep it back sometime man. Pay that shit forward man. Shit, how y'all feeling overall though man? Feeling good man. Sunday coming up. Cowboy got the 49. We going to beat the 49 ass. Do you hear me? Dallas Cowboy gonna beat the 49 ass. You watch what I say. How you say that dog? Because y'all hurt and I'm loving. Yeah, I told you I take advantage of disability people. I take any advantage that I can get. I'm gonna take it every damn time.


Yeah. Say what you want. Thanksgiving coming up. I can't wait. I know y'all can't wait. I can't wait till Thanksgiving. I'm going to everybody damn house and eat. Oh yeah I want chickens. I want dressing, I want spaghettis. I don't want none of them new dishes y'all be trying to make. Don't try this my first time. I won't be the first motherfucker try either. Well you crazy crazy. Hell I don't want no fried food with grapes in it. What the hell wrong with you? You. You alright? You need me? Check your I'm not trying no fried food with grapes. They wrong with you. If I'm trying something with grapes, it's gonna be whipped cream and it's gonna be something sitting beside me with two breasts.


Come here. They were born with 'em from birth like that. Come I'm go down too. That mushy. I love it. Got to have it put my whole cam shit. I'm feeling good. Y'all don't know how y'all feeling. We finally done got into a thousand by time should be at 10,000. But nevertheless I'm thankful for the people that's on my live. Right. Got now thankful for y'all man Wouldn't be no me for it wouldn't be no me for me for y'all.


Y'all shit I ain't shit. I am what I am because of y'all. Y'all kidding me up bro. You making my day. That make me go. I go through shit like y'all go through shit. Y'all got motherfucker wanna call y'all all the time. Hey fa you got a hundred dollars shit nigga. I finna ask you for a hundred. Damn we both doing bad. Hell yeah we're well let me know when you find out something. You find something somebody let me know. I know y'all got I do it all the time. Damn you got five Oh oh man shit I finna get you five. Oh damn big homie. You ain't got five. No you I ain't got it man. Shit I Finn. Yeah. Yeah but when you find it you let me know.


Hell that's how you gotta do something shit out here sometime in the world man. But back, if you're fish not tuning into this show man you probably at your job and you wanted to catch it live. You weren't able to catch it. You can always catch it at apple Podcast and Spotify type in The, Bubba Dub Show I pop up. Please go over there help me get them numbers up over there. Man. I'm trying to get the numbers up across the board. I'm trying to be the the the the the the the real E espn. That's what I'm trying to build over here. Giving you content, giving you real talk about sports the way you want to hear it. You don't want to hear that bullshit, that PC shit. We don't want to hear all that we done with that.


We back on the stove with this shit ain't no more microwaves. We back on the stove with it when I'm, when I'm cooking up and when you hit it you may kiss the bride. Yeah New Jack City style. Gotta love it man. Gotta love it. Woke up this morning. Might have been a lot of weeping all night but in the morning there is joy. Some of you went to bed mad last night at your, at your girl or whoever went mad 'cause your team lost 'cause you didn't win with bed mad. But if you woke up this morning you ought to have some kind of joy.


Boom. Your heart. I got a lot of joy in me right now. When I tell you I'm a master at finding out what sex pill to take. I'm I'm King Tu walking around my house now I got my chest out. I'm the man now. All that. She ain't doing none of that now. She good. She happy Dub done went down through that. Hey, hey what you do Dub? I ate her for 57 minutes last night and I spoke her for three minutes. Whole hour of pressure. I ate that most knuckle. Come here. Come on, come on.


Yeah.


This show being presented to you by prospects too baby. Yeah you. Yeah. Yeah. $5 in get you a 50 instantly. If you are a new subscriber, if you, if you're a new user man use my promo code that's down below TRASH with the two Hs baby. Yeah. Only get them Pix in two for tomorrow. Yeah, Colorado, Colorado Coach Prime. We not bullshitting, we not doing yet. We going all the way y'all believe But I believe what I always say what man playing God unplanned coach Prime them doing the unthinkable up there in Colorado right now. Them white folk friendly now they invite you into your, into they house now. You want some tea girl? I do. You want some apple pie? I wanted white pie. I do. You want some stuff You my she 27. I haven't look out. Oh she dick. Oh she dick white mashed potatoes from Idaho. Come here some help now. I like you Bubba. Love you a good guy. You can great. My granddaughter 27. She's looking for a good guy. God damnit bring her to me first night. No come on, come on. I can't wait till a couple weeks later to come to them white's house and tell them the good news. What good news you got signed Samantha pregnant. Have her a black baby. You gonna be talented too. Shit. Gonna be talented too. I'm not bullshitting you. I'm telling you the truth on my soul. Some shit that I know about some white people. They wanna be stable white. I respect it. Black people wanna stay black. I respect it. I don't give a damn about race. But some of them white people when they dogg they gonna be one They dog mess with black people man. You know that's some, some of they, not all of 'em, some of 'em but when they had them kids they have a boy. Shit they white man changed then he see dollar signs nigga he see dollar signs ain't bullshiting. I'm telling you what I know. And now that he the nicet person in the world now 'cause that's the way he was raised. You know what I'm saying? He didn't know no better now he ain't no better. I got a black grandbaby. I got the change. They got a arm on him. No do damn right to do. Oh he can throw it. They can row. Oh my God. Look at my Heather look. Look that grandson and they protected two over they black grand babies too. Them white boys now who didn't used to rock with us now they dog was shit so beautiful thing watching him at them football field game now. Shit. Putting your own game. Dick Gregory be proud of me today. Dub keeping it 1000. I'm keeping it 1000 with y'all. You won't lie. Don't come here. You want the truth in funny. I'm the place for you. The. Bubba. Dub, Show. So when you, your first time user, when you leave here today, you go and tell everybody you know Dub got one of the funniest shows. How he love it? He original, he authentic and and he just being him. November 10th. I'm in Austin, Texas at Cap City.


Longhorn where you at? Can't get my damn hands. Right. Lo Longhorn, where you at? See you November the 10th. Grab 'em tickets. Right. Damn. Now tomorrow I'm in Jacksonville, Florida, the Jacksonville Center. Hell me Nav Green. Yeah. Y'all know damn. Yeah I'm a homie. We out pull up Jacksonville. Y'all just won y'all last game. Y'all the city gotta be feeling real damn good. TRASH of the day going to them damn rips. Who missed that face mask? Call on on Sam Donald TRASH. I don't like it. Roger Goodell you going every, every everywhere else. Run your ass in nothing to that damn arm camera center and get some shit fixed.


Oh y'all can't see. I bet Elon Musk, goddamn damn robot. Teslas to see everything. Them damn cars catching murders. Commit a crime in a Tesla. Watch. Watch that as be locked up tomorrow morning. I don't understand the world, the technology. Elon Musk got all the technology in the world and you owners are not taking advantage. Told you a couple days ago, look you'll be a lab rat for me. I had you strapped up right down there now. And I was to Texas down there. Elon Musk facilities putting one of them Tesla chips in you nigga you not gonna be hurt ever again. When we time out, we'll charge your ass up.


Get sitting when you on the bench you you're charging up Ka. Why on that Tesla? Because you got that chip in. You now get back out there and work shit. I show you how to make some money and I show you how you won't lose no money here. If I'm a NBA owner, I'm putting chips in them. Nickels. Y'all already putting weed in your system. Let me put this chip in your system. I control your ass. They already controlling now with this money people let money control 'em. Y'all, y'all know I'm not bullshitting you man. People are you on need things. They won't say certain shit because they got certain this and that and I you, I can't do no more Respect it.


But money controls some people. Some people know how to control the money now. God brave me all the way back to my bro. Dirk Hope it's allegedly. Hopefully it's a alleged but money powerful. You got money, you want something taken care of. Money can do it. Sometimes you gotta think, man I know I'm a gangster rapper. I know I come from that. I really want them guys. I really want them guys gone for what they did Devon or whatever. But I got a family now. I got people depend on me. I got a fan base, I got a thousands of people, millions of people watching me now. I can't be what I used to be. I got to be something different Now there's nothing wrong with that, but you see where it gets you.


You see where that shit gets you now the main woman wanting him, wanting him to spin the block now the main one saying he dumb. You can't beat the streets baby. You can't beat the streets. The streets will beat you. Yeah, you hard out here but ain nothing. You gonna be soft. Yeah, you Reginald out here ain't nothing. You Rebecca two right in another man. I'm knocking, knocking boys out here. That's A lie. You went in jail, you were 200 pounds. You supposed to gain weight when you in jail, you got you losing weight. Them boys knocking them muffin. Not your ass in them.


And like McDonald's, I'm hearing you looking niggas, making y'all hold your own cheeks, making your hold your own hips. And now, but I hear you're terrorizing everybody and now you got that ass in the air. No, When you come home from a long bed and your girl tell you you don't want to touch, you want turn your back to a why. 'cause you thinking about that nigga. You want them Cheeks, clapped again. I I know it.


Y'all know I'm going live again tomorrow night, man. I, I'm going live after the Rago game tomorrow, man. Y'all tap in with me, man. Y'all tap in with me. I know. I I I can go live last night, man, I had some family emergency going on, but I came right back here this morning and took care of business, man. Yeah. I'm like y'all, I got shit going on too. But don't think I didn't wanna go live last night. I really did. But I had some shit I had to take care of. I took care of it. Now I'm back here this morning giving y'all this kind of content that y'all want. Now I'm giving y'all this kind of content to gimme what I need. Sure as shit. Peace, love. I'm out. The Volume,


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity. Finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do. Enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order. And that makes us facet for life. Now, I guess visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This added is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current FAFSA members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie cou. Well, the election is in the home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne, the God we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.