
Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances, asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com. Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover Out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know Mr.


Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Smokey the Bear. Then you know why Smokey tells you when he sees you passing through. Remember, please be careful. It's the least that you can do With matches. Don't play with fire. After 80 years of learning his wildfire prevention tips, smokey Bear lives within us all.


Learn more@smokeybear.com. And remember, Only you can prevent wildfires Brought to you by the USDA, forest servicer, state forester and the ad council. The volume. What's up everybody? Y'all tap in man, y'all tap in. Make sure y'all already didn't hit that light, but what's up y'all, Florida. Where y'all at? Talk to me Florida. Where y'all at? We live baby. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button.


Y'all already know how we rock and roll over here on this show. Just got through watching Thursday Night Football. Buffalo Bills just defeated the Miami Dolphins 31 10. Let me just go ahead and say it right now. Miami Dolphins Trash. Y'all talked all that noise about what y'all gonna do this year then y'all came out here tonight and played like absolutely trash. That's what it was. I saw it. Y'all saw it. Now let's get straight to it. 25th tour was 17 for 25. One touchdown, three picks. That ain't gonna get it. Take eight. Damn y'all told me he was the next.


Damn you lied. God forbid to out with concussion and injury Pro. Now what they tell me that tell me that a young man that a young man need to retire. That's what he showed me. He told Fish pool need to retire right now. I'm all about safety. I'm all about safety right now. If I, if I'm, if I'm in the Miami Dolphin organization, it's sad it hurts because they just gave him all that money but the young man is damaged. Good. Y'all saw it, dude rang in the de mo hamman rib cage and got a concussion. Man, stop it man.


Stop it. If I'm y'all, if I'm the Miami Dolphins organization, I need y'all help because I need y'all help over in the bubble Do. So if I'm the Miami Dolphins organization, I'm calling Tom Brady. I a retirement right now. Cam Newton don't you text me. I don't want you, you full of sperm cam new. If I'm the Miami Dolphin and Cam Newton call me block, I want Tom Brady. That's who I want. Because what I seen tonight, wasn't it Tyre Hill three catches for 24 yards. Trash you than that. You can't you, you and tools take up all the money on the team. Y'all gotta have a connection.


Y'all gotta have some kind of bond for. You can come out here on Thursday night football on prime TV and give me three mother catches that ain't going do it. And took that and took that Silicone Valley Tech. Oh looking head coach. Y'all got trash. Oh he got curly hair. He young. He could call a couple trick plays that make him a good coach. Never rolling over in this motherfucking grave right now. And y'all know it. Come on. I need y'all dolphin fans. Come on and take that damn dolphin back to sea world. This little kids been going up to the sea world and they missing the dolphin. They want they dolphin back.


And I'm telling y'all now take the dolphin back telling you the truth. Now that done drove them damn dunks up there to the game. It's raining like a motherfucker down in Miami. Boy needs start checking the weather. Get off that y yo and start checking the weather Brandon. What's good? Hell and what's good now don't get Frank everything on tour. This seem like it was a game playing night to me. You knew they were going double and triple team here. That means somebody else gotta be open was throwing that motherfucker everywhere.


If he a real head coach, he'll his ass right there on the bench with me. This the N player we got. We got a weird ball game. I ain't got time waiting on you because you having a bad game. Two better take a damn asse and get back to it. This was a division game in your loss. Prime time in front of everybody. It's not the end of the world. It's not. But you ain't got no quarterback. You can't risk putting tuna fish tour back out there. Is that what we doing? We risking hell over wins. That's what we doing. I know we not doing that. I'm gonna need y'all to talk to me.


Come on in. I'm gonna need y'all to talk to me as y'all coming. Make sure y'all hitting that light. But as y'all come in here, we gonna talk about this nigga tonight. The Miami Dolphins ain't what we thought they were. Is that sign to sign and Hill he getting arrested. You know what I'm saying? Wobble supposed to be some kind of chip on the shoulder as a team. I didn't see that tonight. I didn't see no dog tonight. I didn't see no fight tonight from that damn dolphin. Looked like the dolphin. Miss his family and his family is at SeaWorld. Y'all get that damn dolphin back to his family boy. I call CPS on y'all. I do it. I call CCPs nigga Miami Organization.


Y'all some unfit parents not playing with y'all. Y'all talk to me. You damn right. I need to be on first take. I need to be somewhere. Somebody say Rigor Moore kick k nigga on tour. Man I never make fun of nobody injury 'cause concussions is serious. But man y'all see what I see. I see a good player but a player can cannot stay on the field do the head injury. CTE is real y'all. That shit is real. And tool got CPEI don't care what none. Y'all said y'all seen the way he was walking, walking and talking to the coach. He was asking the coach what happened. Now y'all show you what happened. You go in there and get take a shower.


Damn. Don't know if he coming to going right now. Here y'all Miami Dolphin fan. Y'all not concerned about y'all quarterback. Y'all not concerned about getting that dolphin back to his home. How dare y'all? I thought my Miami Dolphins had better class than that. Let's talk about Joss Allen tonight. 13 for nineteen a hundred and thirty nine yard one touchdown and win 31 to 10. Amazing. Jim Kelly rolling over in this living room right now. That's amazing. For Josh Allen no only have 19 attempts. 139 yard, one touchdown and his team win by three touchdowns.


That is amazing. They had cooked for 11 rushes, 78 yards gas in that Miami defense gas. That mean you can't stop the motherfucking run. If you can't stop the run, your death ain't gonna be better to stop the pad. That's why he was 13 for 19. Boy had little change numbers from the field or night. Yes. What had the BJ numbers tonight? Lot going on. We gonna talk about tonight. We gonna talk about special guest tonight too.


I'm yeah, you shoulda have done rolled your one up when I told you I'm going live. You should have done rolled your one up and you better not be Reggie. We gonna talk about Deshaun Washington too. Somebody say they coming forward with boy. What's wrong with you? Dehaun need see them white people with white coats on. Yeah you nigga have a talk with them. You need to be studied. Damn real talk. We about to go in. Yeah. Dolphin defense, dolphin my, I mean Buffalo Defense look good tonight.


I gotta give him credit. They kept everybody in check. They wasn't let Tyreek Hill go deep him or Waddle. They just wasn't. They they, they stuck to the game plan. And that's what you gotta do as a team. You gotta stick to the game plan. Yes we know Tyreek Hill could, could take the top off the defense but guess what? We ain't letting you just like them. Cops wouldn't let them go either. That's the way both had have Church Sugar night but he ain't gonna play games with y'all tonight. Yeah, yeah. Whoever sent that $20 Appreciate you fam. We appreciate it over here on The.


Bubba Dub Show. Man if you just not tuning in, we're talking about T Fish. Poor hurt. He ain't somebody hospital right now getting examined real too. He think the game just started. That's how bad he was outta it. Motherfucker the game over, we gonna G five. You talking about the game start too. We gonna G five tonight. You lost. I know something. My defense alarm is gonna be up there in G five and I know why Shit I go to but we still gonna pray for two ago. We definitely gonna pray for two Man.


Go ahead. Bring my special guest in man. All my Saints fans y'all come over in because we gonna get to y'all too. Bring my special guest on in man. I don't crank up tonight man. I don't wanna hear nothing about them Cowboy. We gonna do what they do Micko. How you doing Boss Leg? How you doing? I can't hear you. You doing all right? What's up boss lady? I can't hear you Mama. Y'all can hear me? Can you hear me? I can hear you now. I can hear you now. Okay, my bad. Hey, how y'all doing? Everybody welcome. Miko. Grimes to the show Everybody Miko. How you doing boss lady mama? About time we on the show together. I know we finally got linked up and finally and it's a perfect time because the Miami Dolphins, you know, just lost to the Buffalo Bills.


Give me your thoughts. I mean this is normal. This I was with the do well we were with the Dolphins for three years and I swear to fucking can I cuss on here? Yes. Okay. I swear to fucking God. Every single season we ended with the bills and they beat us so we couldn't go to the playoffs three years. The bills just got their numbers and it, it just always seems to happen this way and today it was just the worst. It was probably one of the worst. Why do, why do bad things happen to the Miami Dolphins? Because they do bad things. They're bad people. You saw what happened to Tyreek. You saw what happened to me. You see how they treat good players? They don't, they pay the wrong niggas. They never picked the right quarterback all the time.


It's just a history after Dan Marino. I don't think they've had a good quarterback since him. I just said while ago, before you came on, I said that the organization should reach out to Tom Brady. Do you think they should do that? Yeah. Why not? I mean, well he had a house here. Giselle was here with her, her new boo, you know what I'm saying? They had a house down here. So I mean it would only fit. Why not? What else do you have to lose? And it's not like he would try to break the bank. Tom right now would just be having fun at this point, I think with the team that the Miami Dolphins got right now, the waga structure, and I'm just saying this, I know a lot of people gonna get mad when we saying this. I personally think Tom Brady could come in right now and take them to a ship that's just me.


I mean he can take him to at least second round of the playoffs. At the very least. That's all they really need is a quarterback. They have all the weapons on offense, you know, most of what's out to date. But you know what I'm saying. Still, they still have a great offense. The offensive line's a little shaky. But with Tom Brady, you don't need a great offensive line. You need a quarterback that's patient that's that don't, two are panics. He panics every fucking time. The the line collapse. Anything go wrong. He fucking panics. You don't want that as a quarterback. You want somebody that's calm under pressure and he ain't got it. I've been saying this for years, he ain't got it. And he runs like he got two left feet. I don't know if anybody noticed that, but when he runs he runs like he got two left feet and every time he he going slide like when are you gonna learn as a quarterback to slide and get down, protect yourself because these players need you without you, you seen without the Dolphins, I mean without the qua start quarterback, the Dolphins or the Carolina grasshoppers.


I'm just being honest. Yeah, With with three concussions in 12, that 2022, you would've thought that by now they would've taught 'em how to slide because how many times you need your head to knock on the fucking turf before you realize it's time to learn how to slide. Yeah, I mean I agree with they just gave him all that money too. So I said that was a mistake and I got attacked on Instagram. I'm talking about attack badly. And I was just like, listen, he's gonna do the bare minimum. He's gonna be the type of quarterback to, to win the games he's supposed to, to win and lose all the ones he's supposed to lose and never win a game that he ain't supposed to win like that. You don't want that as a quarterback. You need a quarterback that's gonna win some games.


He's not supposed to win. That's how you get to the playoffs and that's how you get to a championship. How you feel about Josh Allen? Josh is like one of those quarterbacks like, like there's tier of quarterbacks, right? There's like a elite up here and then there's like a un a, I would call it a lower elite. He's in that category. He's one of those quarterbacks that's always gonna make the playoffs. He's always gonna do incredible things. Is he a dog? Let's be real. He is a do, but for whatever reason he just can't get over that hump to get to the Super Bowl. He, first of all, there's a nigga in Kansas City in his way every time. Super behind. Yeah, you gotta get by that nigga. He just can't get by him. He is not good enough. He's he's good enough. He just ain't good enough.


If that makes sense. Okay. If anybody in the a FC can knock out Kansas City, who do you think it is? Nobody. I mean, I used to have, I i I had hopes for the Ravens. I would say the Ravens and, and a Healthy Bengals team possibly. That's about it. That's, that's it. There's nobody, there's nobody. They, they on the tear. They on the run. The same thing was happening when Tom Brady was in the league. You would get lucky to be Tom Brady. But other than that the Chiefs, it's their, it is their championship to lose every single year. And I don't ha I don't get, I don't see anybody else beat if, If Patrick Mahomes win three in a row, do that make him the goat.


No, Brady, It makes him the goat of this era. But you have to have like a 10 year dynasty, you know what I'm saying? Like, like Tom Brady won six in what, 10 years and then he left and then won in Tampa. That's different. Okay. And I, I'm not even one of those people that think Tom Brady's the best quarterback, but he's the goat. 'cause I think Aaron Rogers is more talented than him, but he's, but Tom Brady's the goat because he really, it don't matter where you put him, he's gonna win no matter who he has, who the coaching staff is, where the web, where the weapons are or aren't. He's gonna get to the Super Bowl. But for me, but for me, I say if Zebra Mahomes win three in a row, they make him the goat.


And this is why. Okay, this is why I say that there's never been a team nor quarterback to win three in a row. Brady got seven. He's the goat right now, right? Two of them, two or three of them championship. I got a, I got a, I got a asterisk behind. Okay. And why Spygate? The FLA gate And how long was they cheating before they got caught? You know what, this is the reason Mr. Kraft can't get into the Hall of Fame right here. Can't get into the Hall of Fame because he down here tricking with them holes in the massage parlors with the son Watson. That's why he can't get in the Hall of Fame. I thought it was because of of Spygate and cheating and all that shit. They don't respect, like you said, a couple of his wins, you know. But I, I get, I think that Tom Brady played in a more competitive era also at the quarterback position.


'cause if you, and I'm not taking nothing away from the Chiefs or Mahomes, great elite talent, everything. You can't control who you play against. But in Tom Brady's era, look at the dogs he had to go up against, you know what I'm saying? And so right now it's dry. Like we can't even name nobody in the, in the A FC that we think could C with him. That wasn't the case when Tom Brady was in the league. Okay, a c when Brady was in the league. Who was over there besides Mannar? You Talking on the NFC or the A-F-C-A-F-C when Brady was making his run. Wasn't nobody over there but Manning. Well then wasn't Burger was, was Elway still playing? No Elway left. Elway BGA left over his Grade.


I would say Rivers was a pretty Good river too. Big rivers too big making kids. He wasn't Finn win nothing. He was ab Well if you look at the NFC too, there was other quarterbacks, you know, he would slide through the A FC, especially his division. That's the problem. Tom Brady's division, the Dolphins never gave him nothing. The bucks never gave him any challenges in the bills either. So he would always get the division championship. But then when he get into the playoffs, you know, he just dogged everybody. Somebody could say two of need, one of them big ass helmets. They do have those ones with the cushions around them. Can you play those in the game? They need to let him For real though. I think it's only right that quarterbacks should have special helmets.


Yeah, I you know what, I have an unpopular opinion about these helmets. I think they should play with no helmet. What I think the NFL should be helmet list because people think the helmet protects you. It does not, the helmet does not protect you. A false sense of help. If you played without a helmet on, you would not crash your fucking head into nobody like that. You wouldn't do it. It would be people would actually tackle with their body instead they go head first thinking this helmet is gonna protect them. And it does not. I don't know about that one. Sha I don't know about that one. No helmet. I don't know. Rugby players do it all the time. Yeah, They do do it. But let's, let's address the elephant in the room. Everything that's been going on in the world right now, man.


Let's talk about UNC going live, getting him some nookie. What's your thoughts on that? Well I texted UNC and I said unc my homegirls. 'cause I have quite a few homegirl, a list of homegirls that have been asking me to hook them up for a few years now. For sure. And he has, he has, I send him their page and everything and he'll be like, Ooh, she nice. Ooh, ooh, ooh. He ain't never touched none of them. And I always thought that was strange, but I left them alone, you know? But now the list has grown longer. Now all my homegirls hit me up and I text him and I said, Hey, I got a long list of women that's waiting.


Want you to talk, talk them through that nut like you did Michelle. What is you waiting on? He never replied though. You ever big in a situation like that? I have gone live on accident before, but not having sex or nothing like that. And people think it's hard to do. It's really not that hard. It is really easy. If you swipe that phone over one time from a photo from somebody's thing and it's on live and you happen to hit it, it'll go live. But I I, I have, I'm, I'm gonna just say this, I'm not sure that was unintentional. I'm just gonna keep it real. I, He, he remind me of pops off Friday after next when Ms. Purley was trying to get him on top kind.


Man, man, I think UNC was on one, the blue diamond joke man. UNC was on one of them blue diamonds man. And he was just going down too. That's my Michelle, that's My Michelle. The growling was killing me. The growling was killing me. I was like, oh my God. I was proud of him. I was proud of him because you know the world, you know, they got to play up saying certain things about you all. He's gay. I knew he wasn't that. But for this to come out now for people like, oh my god, I can't believe, nah, y'all said the man with this, you know what I'm saying? Now we need, we need them.


Apologies be just as loud as, as as as the disrespect as y'all was doing the unc doing what he do grown man. Yeah. And, and you know, it was good. You could tell you, you hear her, Did you hear mask ass in the beginning? Now I it's Nothing wrong with that. Now I'm Asking sound like now There's nothing wrong with that. That is a beautiful thing. Yo I'm just, I'm actually happy that it happened since, not, not happy, but I'm, I'm glad it happened the way it did and he didn't get fired because that's all it would've took was ESPN to do some stupid shit and try to fire him just for a mistake.


You know? And it wasn't like it was non-consensual or some bullshit. And Michelle was with it. Michelle was on board. Maybe she was going to, I still wanna know who she is. People say they found her on Twitter. I don't know if that's her or not. I mean, e even if we find out who it is, does it matter? It don't. I do wanna know, you know why? I wanna know. I wanna know why he turning all my homegirls down. Who is he turning my homegirls down for? That's why I wanna know who Michelle. It might not be fine. They're fine. What talking about, You know, unc, you can tell how on is he very peculiar now. So yeah. So that's what say Maybe they're not as tight. He might not be his unc tight.


I think, me personally, I think Michelle, her Asian lady, I think she about five foot tall and, and uncle can pick up like Melvin on baby boy African squat. And I think that's what Michelle is. One little old Asian somebody. He Like a little tiny something. No. Yeah, my friend, my friend got ass and titties and hips and thighs and He, he ain't, he passed that stage now he can't handle that now. Maybe that's what it is because Up an age now he, he, he can't handle that too much foam. One more. They might walk his ass in the barrel. He might fuck around God. It be too much foam. Listen, I ain't, I ain't mad at 'em, but I know my homegirls hit me up like, hey, Somebody say unc sound like a bulldog when the door ring.


I know. It's gotta be so embarrassing for everybody to hear your sex noises. I don't, I Think that's a beautiful thing. I y'all hear high sound in here. Well why you ain't never leaked nothing. Never. I want my pastor to hear that man. You know what I'm saying? You know, I'm, I, I run everything by my pastor now, man. That's what I do, man. Like I make a decision and I talk it over with my pastor and I don't think my pastor, my congregation would, will be fond of that. Hey, listen, I don't believe you, but I think you'll, I think you don't want nobody here 'cause it might be quick. You sound, I think you quick, you quick Prematurely.


Absolutely. Absolutely. You quick as a motherfucker in there, in and out. Gotta be what, what what I'm waiting on. And I bet you be raw too. Okay, a condom on. I know Me. I don't, I know, I know you raw Don need, but let's talk about this. Let's talk about this record. Let's get this in. Deshaun Watson accused her saying that she's willing to meet with the team. What do, what do all that mean when they talking about they rather they wanna come in and sit down with the team and, and, and show the team what she got? What do they really mean? Well, one of the things that I learned as a football wife that was also a sports journalist, was the teams find out about things.


And I'm not saying he's guilty, okay? Not that I actually think he's innocent, if I'm being honest. The teams find out about things and they put it in their little back pocket and they wait for the right moment for them to, to cash in on you. So I think that anytime a woman is more concerned with meeting with an NFL team as opposed to her lawyer to file a lawsuit, this is about money. And people always like believe women. I don't believe women. I believe evidence. I believe proof. She says she has a video. I would like to see the video before I say that this man is guilty of anything. Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream.


Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments. You'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap Rocky, I don't Big Sean Camila cab, don't you Cat Dua Lipa Gwen Stephan Halsey Hozier Sheath, urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet, A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more.


Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com. Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York, who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account.


I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts. My name is Ariel, I move to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22.


It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate, they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council. Why, why does he keep coming up in these situations though? Because he has a $200 million contract and he's playing like shit. That's what I think. I think that it is, it is like, oh, we gotta get him outta this contract. He's not playing well let's pull the last girl. The one we saved.


The one we saved. Let's get her up here, the one with the video. Let's, let's go, let's get him up here. We might need to get him outta here As a team, as an organization. You got all this money tied up at him. Do you, do you bench him? No, I don't. You paid for 'em but they Don't wanna keep losing either. Nothing. Listen, you gotta ride that pony. You the one goddamn damn got the horse, you got 'em now you got to ride that nigga around the the stable or something. You gotta figure it out. The other quarterbacks they not good either. Nobody expected Cleveland to be good this year. Did you? I mean I I, from what I seen last year, I really did. I ain't saying win no Super Bowl or nothing. From what I seen last year with Joe Flacco coming in when know when watching hurting on the playoff run, I figured they would be better with him coming in the training camp be another whole summer.


I thought they would be a little bit better. But from what I seen Sunday against my cowboy, it's gonna be a long season. It's gonna be a long season. I don't, I never, I didn't expect them to do anything. I mean Flaco is a, is a personal friend of the family and everything and I really feel like that team rallied behind him. That was like one of those things where people would like run through a wall for him. I just don't see the team running through a wall for him right now. And I don't know why. I don't know what's going on in that locker room, but it don't look like everybody's on board doing the same things. I I agree with that. What, what team this year you think that's gonna sneak up on us that we don't have our eyes on right now?


The Redskins or commanders. Whatever the fuck. Yeah, I think, I think they might be one of those teams that beat people that they're not supposed to be not go to the Super Bowl now. You ain't asking about the Super Bowl now, are you? We, we Finna get to it. We finna get to that. Okay. I just think the Commanders is the kind of team that you don't wanna play. That they gonna be a little scrappy. They're gonna win games. They're not supposed to win. They got nothing to lose. Nobody's expecting nothing from a, most teams go in there and just roll, walk them and I just feel like they might be one of the teams that's up and coming that got a little little chemistry going and they might be all right With Jay Daniels. With Jayden Daniels. You We'll see.


I think so In the division with my Cowboys now they in the division with the Eagles. Now We know, we know what the Cowboys gonna do. Y'all gonna get to the first round of Stop it. Stop y'all do every year. I know y'all, this y'all year again, right? Huh? No, I'm not just gonna say that it's our year again. I'm not going even get over here and say that I've been saying it, but I've been having fun with it. I will show you this Sunday, what the Dallas Cowboys has made of what we New Orleans, what we finna do now. Oh, it's gonna be a shame. That's that's gonna be a good game. What, What? What make you think it's gonna be a good game? Because they ran through the Grasshoppers. Carolina Grasshoppers. You supposed to, but that's what I'm saying. When teams run through teams they supposed to run through. That's that's a good sign that they'll, they Thought they ain't played nobody yet.


Who y'all played? Everybody the world, the world tune in every day and every Sunday whenever we play, everybody tune in. And you know why? They wanna see y'all lose and be mad on social media. They ha we got capital hagers all around the world. You know, y'all should have haters. Y'all are the most annoying fan base in all of sports. No, the Eagles. No the Eagles. Y'all are y'all the worst you guys really every year think you gonna win every you most to It. If you, anybody, you should always think you gonna win. You supposed to think your team gonna win. That's but the reality, there's also a thing called reality. Y'all don't have no reality.


Y'all could see Dak, god damn, just get his ass whooped up and down the field. Lose games he ain't supposed to lose. And next week y'all say we're gonna win this one though. Talk about my quarterback. Now that's the highest paid quarterback ever. What happened last year? I can't remember yesterday, so I can't remember what happened last year. Okay. Okay. Well I'm a Rams fan. Okay, And, we, we banged up again. We done, we might have lost our fucking receiver for about a month. But you know what? One thing about us, we'll never quit. We'll never quit. We always gonna fight And. we always gonna get to the playoffs. And speaking of Super Bowl, man, how you feeling about this KI selection?


Well I'm from la Okay, so, so I feel like I should have a valid opinion on this and I think it's unnecessary. We just had the Super Bowl in LA two years ago. Rams won. We Crip walked all up and down the damn stage. Kendrick got off then we just had the pop out and now this who, who we bringing out? What's happening? Oh, like I just don't understand why it's another LA performer. I, and I'm not hating. I just think that it's overkill and and it's really to me a sign of, I wanna say the industry not liking Drake.


Everybody wants to just kick the dead body and this is the way to do it. And I'm praying that after the Super Bowl, this is the last time we hear this fucking song. They done wore them. I'm from la I'm fucking sick of this song. I am, I spent my whole summer in LA and I just couldn't even turn the radio on every 20 minutes the song is on Everywhere you Go, the song I'm like, this wouldn't even let us enjoy the goddamn song. It's just annoying. And and and I hear everybody talking about, oh Wayne, he can't remember his lyrics. You can't give him a super Fuck And. we got a pro Little Wayne up like we can at Bernie's, hold on, On hold on. Supposed to get this damn Super Bowl Performance. They say Wayne can't remember his lyrics.


Yeah, he did say Lil Wayne even said it that he done goddamn smoked his brains down. He don't always remember his lyrics. But who the fuck cares Lil? If not now, when will Lil Wayne be able to, He gonna bring, they say he gonna bring out Lil Boosty. They say Lil Wayne gonna bring out Lil Booy at the Super Bowl. If he, That would've been nice. It would've been nice to see the Noli soldiers out there. Any of them New Orleans artists that we're never who like we're never gonna see him again. Who Master P Man? Nobody wanna see no old as Master P. You love P but still he could come out and make a speech. No, he could All that Make Hear that shit no more.


Give Master P two or three songs. We let, we let 50 cent get off Eminem, get off Snoop. No, I mean yo we could get, we could give what song we gonna let p play go make Him say Okay make him say okay, okay. That's the only one. And he got get off that motherfucking stage quick. It would've just been nice to see the hot boys up there like it. Like I just don't know when it'll ever happen again. You know? And the Super Bowl is gonna be back in Cali the year after. That's what I'm saying. So I'm thinking, but I know I get it, I get it now. It's a business thing. They, they gotta ride to high hand right now. Kendrick is him is great for marketing.


It's gonna be great for him too as well because you know they gonna get, they gonna get paid to do that. That's gonna be a good show. Now I'm not saying Ken, I done been to three k do concerts, it's gonna be a good show. I'm just saying God damn we just had it. Somebody say Master P, don't figure out your trying to speak Now. They wrong. Master P still Still a good looking man right now. I still think at the end of the day And, we gonna know how Jay-Z and them gonna do this and show know by Kendrick them. I think they gonna probably bring out Master P or somebody like that though. They, she'll bring our silk to shock of hell. Might as well. Yeah, it ain't my fault.


It ain't my fault. How you, I fucking love that fucking How you, how you feeling about this election? Man, I ain't voting. I'm done with this shit man. I got so many death threats. For what? Man? Because that video I put out the other day, man, these people thinking I can pick the side and I ain't pick damn damn side man. I'm just simply saying though, whoever in office just take care of the people. That's all What the video said. What would you, what'd the video say? Oh I, you Know me, you know I'm good at bringing people in. I said Kamala Harris ate Trump ass up at that debate. She did man. And did. And they went off on me. She ate his mother, she baited him, set him up, ate this nigga up, got him talking about people eating dogs and cats and shit.


He just saying anything just to try to fight. She, she had him on the ground just with a foot on his neck. But do you question but do you honestly think she would be a better president than him though? Precedent than him? Honestly She would. Well she would be as a is a better liar. They're all liars. So she would be a better liar. She's the type of person that would tell you a lie and you will actually believe it. Trump nobody believes anything he says, you know, and he's ignorant, he's stupid, like he's not smart at all and he's ignorant. And so a lot of the stuff that comes out his mouth, when I hear him talk, it's embarrassing. At least she knows how to communicate. She knows how to form proper sentences. She knows how to talk president if that makes sense.


He doesn't know how to do any of that. Now the negatives about her is the same thing. Like if you are saying in the war in Gaza, stop bombing Africa and you vote for Kamala, then you, that's stupid. She's gonna do all the things that any president that's a Democrat would do. She's gonna support Israel. She's gonna continue to kill Pa Palestinians. She will, but she's gonna try to fight abortion, you know, but she's also gonna take your guns away. It just depends on what you want. You know what I'm saying? Like, it, it, it really just depends on what you want. Now. Now me, I'm in the 1%. Okay, if I was voting with my money, I would vote for Trump.


You know what I'm saying? That's just, that's what it boils down to for a lot of people. They're like, no, Trump going to give a break. I'm, I'm in the 1%. I'm both, I'm give fuck about nothing else. Because to be honest with you, people in the 1%, a lot of the things that are happening in the country don't affect us. It affects our family members and friends, but it doesn't affect us. You know what I'm saying? So the, the Democrats, they're still liars. They're still not gonna do a lot of stuff for black people. All y'all that's thinking Kamala going to give us reparations, they will not give black people reparations. 'cause black is not a nationality. That's why America will never give us reparations. Stop it. Okay? We, they would have to give reparations to Africans and there's too many, they're not gonna do that.


But if you want a president that's going to lie real, real bad and do stupid shit. But, but make sure that you get money. It's Trump. You gotta make a decision. I have decided to sit this one out baby. I ain't vote for nobody. I'm sitting at home. I'm gonna watch and see who y'all pick. And then when it's done, like good job. Y'all, y'all, y'all did that one. I said, I said the same thing. I'm sit this one out too man. Because I really look and people and not, and not saying this, I'm being all honest, when Trump was in office, I made the most money I ever made on the Trump. Everybody Did. That's what I'm saying. It's what, it's That's what I'm saying.


It just depends on what, what you value. You know, like a lot of people don't wanna vote for Trump because of the abortion thing. That's disgusting. He's disgusting for that shit. Like a, a child getting raped or incest and you can't have an abortion. You have to keep the baby. That shit is disgusting. Like men should stay outta women's coochie problems. That's none of your fucking business. I don't give a fuck if somebody have 20 abortions. It's none of your fucking business. Okay? It, it's, it, it, it is all disgusting. But let's let, let's talk about something really real to me and you. 'cause you say you an la you a la girl, right? What my lake, what the Lakers going do this year? That's what we need to be talking about. What is the Los Angeles Lakers going to do this year?


We gonna brought in, bro, You see it? I know I, what's what I wanna talk about that right there. You got the Kobe, you got the mumble, you got LeBron. What is the Lakers going to do this year? Because we, I get nobody, We ain't get a motherfucking thing. The our best bet is the trade something desperate happening in the regular season. Now let's keep it real. Now let's, let's keep it real now. We ain't that far away. As long as we got brawn and ad, we still got a chance at anything. We still got a chance. Okay. But to get over that hump, we need another person. LeBron is getting old. You see the gray coming in? He tired. He's being gray. You talking about coming in?


Yeah, it's nasty gray. It's almost like the prime time gray right now. He been dying that shit for the last 15 years. He been dying it. Damn. See I thought he was keeping it real. I mean I just think like this, the West coast is is the toughest division to me. It's not a cakewalk like the east coast. So we really gotta put our hat and our boots on. But I always got LeBron getting us the first round loss was tough to Denver. But I just feel like with LeBron and ad, we always got a chance, we always gonna get there. Even if it's in the, in the play in we going to get in the playoffs. And I like my chances with LeBron in the seven game series against anybody except the fucking nuggets.


Yeah. It's something about them. It's something about the nuggets that we, we we, we can't beat the Nugget. I don't, for whatever reason it is, we can't Beat them. Can't do it. It's just something. They got our number man, they got our fucking number and that's the goal. To avoid them in the first round wherever they sit, avoid them. We can beat everybody else. Everybody else in the fucking west and Bronny is not gonna be a factor. He's not doing anything. He's doing this, he's doing this. Anybody need water? Wouldn't that be so though playing with your pops though man, Black excellence, Like that's why I was all board. I know a lot of people was down talking it, but I was looking at it from a bigger picture like man this guy is playing with his dad.


Like how many, how many games do you think it's gonna be before they get in? Like you gonna think they gonna just get out the way first game first Man I'm gonna be real man. You know I'm a LeBron guy. I don't wanna see that shit. If Brody playing we down by 70. No, no, no, no, no. But this what I'm saying, think about it like this. Let's say we up by 70 or down by whatever, Okay? And the scrubs is in, I could see them sub LeBron in for a couple plays just to get one line, one something. We just need something right? They gonna go crazy. They gonna go crazy LA gonna go crazy. I'm gonna go crazy. That's gonna be one of the greatest accomplishments like of all of sports. We've seen it with the, the Ken Griffey and his dad, right?


Yeah. Who else has done that? Nobody. Nobody I could think of. That's the chat. Has anybody else had a father son or never? Never a dumb daughter. Mother. Let's bring, let's bring it back. Someone said lemme make a good point. Someone said, did that Tyree situation resemble anything to your situation? Abso fucking absolutely. You know what's crazy? I got so much P-T-S-D-I was sweating when I saw that shit because it was the first home game of the season and my mine was different because first of all, I'm a female, I'm a woman And you did, I I had a radio show at the time and so the the, it's in every hour of my segment.


I would do a segment calling out the Miami-Dade police department for all the bullshit they did all week. And I'll get calls to the show, tell they would threaten me for years and saying they was gonna get me. So when that happened to me I was, I was happy for Tariq but they never released the footage for me. I tried to sue to get the subpoenas. I tried to subpoena for the footage so I could sue and the Dolphins would not give it to me. They just kept saying Miko, just let it go. Just let it go. Just let it go. I was like, no, I want the footage. I want people to see what the fuck happened to me. That they really just dogged a female had they knee in my back the same way they had him. And you know why I got arrested? 'cause they asked me not to sue and I said no, I'm suing.


They was like, we're gonna take you to jail then. And I was like wow. Whoa. Yeah they did me the exact same way except I was inside this. I was tailgating. I was 10 steps from the entrance of the stadium and the Dolphins told my lawyer and the state attorney, the cameras malfunctioned. The body cams wasn't, there wasn't no body cams at that time, but they said the cameras outside the stadium malfunction and they didn't get the footage. They full of shit. Full of fucking shit don't. And they protected them but this time they didn't protect them. So maybe something is changing. There's some progress from nine years ago I guess. But yeah, that shit was exactly the same. Miami Dade, it really just some bullies.


That's all they wanna do is bully people there. I think that a lot of them niggas got small dicks. They don't have good pussy at home. You know what I'm saying? So, so y'all niggas is mad at seeing these athletes or the athletes wives or anybody. Y'all just wanna cause some motherfucking drama. Why did you do that? Like there was no need to do that. You know good goddamn damn well who he was. Yeah. Yeah. He probably was trying to get into the stadium. That's what a lot of the players do, you know. And people were saying, oh well you know he should have complied. When has complying ever worked for black people? For real. Never. And and a lot of people were also saying, oh well he he doesn't get treated special.


Yes he does. Yes he does. The reason that he would get treated special or different is because when most police officers pull over a civilian that they do not know they have to be on guard. 'cause you don't know what's in the car, you don't know what the person might do. Correct. Here is Tyre Hill yet to call him by his name. He is a foot from the damn entrance of the stadium. You know. Damn. What He ain't finna pull out ar and shoot y'all stupid asses. So yes, it should have been treated differently. He, when he said don't knock on my motherfucking window, you should have said, all right nigga. Shit, well slow the fuck down. Go ahead. That's what should have happened. IIII made a comment on it and then I went back and reviewed the video and it was fault on both sides.


It was, what was your fault? The fault was when he told Tyreek Hill to roll the window down. Tyreek came out and said that it's not that he didn't wanna roll it down, he just didn't want everybody seeing him getting pulled over. Right. Because she didn't want the picture. Which I understand that. Yeah I do. But we all know and just hear me out, we all know we are against, we are against all eyes when it comes to the police. Yeah. No matter what, at the end of the day, if the police tell you roll your window down, whether it's the law, whether it's not the law or not, it's best to just roll it down 'cause things can go left quick. And, we seen it went left. Thank God it didn't go the other way.


But it could've if it wouldn't have been a tyreek here, if what if it just been me, it could have went left. Yeah. But I think by the people pulling in his teammates and all this and that and they kind of got understanding of who he was, they Knew who the fuck he was. But for a regular Joe might not being as lucky, Regular Joe wouldn't have did that. That's what I'm saying. Tyreek did that because he was running late. He had to get treatment before the game, the nigga was late. And I'm not saying that that's an excuse. What I am saying is don't knock on nobody motherfucking window like that. That's rude. Now if he don't roll the window down, then you, you sit there and wait and you could do whatever you wanna do. You could, they could have a, they could have arrested him.


They could have said step out of the car. Sir. You don't gotta snatch him by his neck and do all that shit just 'cause he wouldn't roll the window down. Police are supposed to be trained to deescalate a situation. Civilians are not trained to deescalate anything. So it isn't police's job to deescalate anybody. Ty. He they should have deescalated and said alright now. All right homie. Alright, we know you are Tyree, let's calm down. We good bro. Just slow down through here. There shouldn't have been no license or register. And they wasn't finna, that was just too much to me. And it's just them, you, it, it is an abuse of power. That's really what it is. I I I and I'm with that.


They do or do that. But think about this. Shouldn't have been late. Shouldn't have been late. You Ever seen that traffic into the first home game? Man is a hundred million dollar man, I don't give a damn. You be at the game two hours before the game? No three Hours. Kobe was at them game two or three hours before. It's, he was three hours before. That was three hours before the game. That was, it wasn't like the game he was about to start. That was three. That was at 10:00 AM The game ain't till one. He ain't got no police escort. No it ain't got no damn po. None of us got a police escort. We gotta drive in just like every other player. Oh. Every other person of the game.


Jerry Jones make sure them players good up there in Dallas. Well they ain't got that in Miami and they ain't got it in Tampa and they ain't got in Atlanta. Those are three teams that my husband play for. And not none of them we have to drive in, drive past all the fans. Like any regular old person. And, if you get jammed up in that traffic, you get jammed up in that traffic traffic. Oh that's really how it is. That's, that's that's bad. But thank God, Thank God Nothing bad happened. But he's going Who? He tried to apologize, right? No, No. He fucking pushed the issue on it though. No, But but the cop reached out and tried to apologize and Tariq said of course, Course he trying to apologize now. Yeah, he tried to because you know there's a lawsuit that can happen here.


That's, that's another piece Of power. It ain't, that don't happen. This don't happen. Yeah, because you know Rosen how he don't play. Nah, true Rosen. How don't he all about that paper With all the shit he, with all the extra shit. But I am glad nothing happened and, but I'm also glad that there was footage so that you can actually see the type of fuckery that can take place. And, and thank God, like you said that it only went that far but pushing that nigga down on his knees like that. Yeah, that was and putting that knee in his back. That's just imagine people that got hurt. But see I always look at it like, 'cause I don't ever just look at it like I know he could have got hurt. But my thing is though, I know I'm, I'm, I'm glad he didn't and there's reason why he didn't.


But I'm always revert back to the people who ain't superstars and celebrities. They the ones who get treated the worst. Man. It's been a lot of people in them situations didn't make it out them situations. Yeah, that's, that's, that's my problem with is what if there was some other, like you say while ago, well maybe they wouldn't have done that but that's how, you know, sometimes we be rebellious. We gonna put our hand behind our back like we supposed to. We talk shit Asking like what you, what all that shit? Yeah, no, no. That when, when they were, when I got arrested, when I was on the ground people thought I was resisting. I was yelling like that because there was a woman in my ear saying they're not gonna arrest you. Just calm down miko. And I said then get the fuck off my back like y'all, I gotta slip disc right now to this day from that incident.


Damn. Yeah, it pop out every now and then and I'm paralyzed for that and I have, and I can't sue, I can't do nothing about it. I just have to pay the doctor bills every time I gotta go get it fixed. Every time I gotta get it slipped back in. It's a, it's a bill on me. Dang. When it should be on Miami-Dade Police Department. Ah, that ain't cool. Y'all hit that light button but that ain't cool at all man. Yeah. And then people like act wondering why I acted up like that on Twitter nigga. What was going through your mind as that was happening to you though, was it everything going fast or was it just like, I didn't, you know what, to be honest, I was really shocked because I did it ca He came and choke slammed me from behind. I didn't even know it was happening. He got me from behind like this.


And I thought it was a regular person. This is why I got the resistant charge, because I thought it was a bills span. I had just got off the radio from my show and I called Buffalo the Armpit of America. And so the fans was throwing shit at me. This is what was happening. The fans was throwing shit at me as I'm trying to get into the stadium because of that. 'cause they listened to my show and I called the Dolphins and said, yo, I cannot enter here. I need to enter another way. The Bills fans are fucking me and my homegirl throwing beer at us and everything. And they was like, go back through the tailgate area where you came from. We'll pick you up at your tailgate. And I said, all right. So when I went back through there, the cop was right there and he pushed me to the ground and told me I couldn't go that way. And I said, what the fuck wrong?


Don't put your motherfucking hands on me. And he was like, go the other way. I said, this is a tailgate area. I can go over here. And he would not let me go that way. So I turned around, pulled my phone back out and was calling the Dolphins back to let them know what the cop was doing. I got choked, slammed from behind. Whoa. That's how that happened. Just like that. And then I didn't know, I thought it was a Bills fence. I'm whooping this nigga out. We, it's a tussle at this point. So I realized Dirty, So realized he's smaller than me too. A little little bite-sized. Little, little, maybe little Puerto Rican or Cuban. I don't know what he was. And then when I, he's a bike cop, so I realized like, I think he was getting this feel on, I Didn't even know it was a cop until I started feeling the gear and stuff on him.


And I looked, and by then it was four of them niggas jumping on me by then. Yeah. And I was fucked up at that point. You begging me. 'cause I'm sc of cops. Soon as they pulled me over with my hand on the steering wheel, I'm, yes sir, I'm jumping. Oh now I'm like that. I mean I was always like that. But now it's even more like, as soon as they pulled me over, baby, I, I, I FaceTime Brent got him on the phone, got my other phone on recording. I'm, I'm, to this day, every time I've gotten pulled over, they come up to the car and say, how you doing Ms. Grimes? And I'd be like, I'm fine. What's up? They be like, Ain't there something as us? It's people though. When the police get behind us or we get scared, we shouldn't even be getting scared at all man.


Like they the cops, they are here to protect and serve. When the cops get behind you, if they run their lights, you get a sense of nervousness and like, What I, sorry. It shouldn't even that like, you start Wondering about this gonna be your last day on earth. I start thinking about my son, everything. And, and thank God now when I get pulled over here, I haven't gotten, I haven't, don't even get tickets no more. They'd be like, how you doing Miss Grinds? I'd be like, good, you was speeding over. I said, I know. Slow down Miss Grinds. Tell Brent we said hi. This how they do me now. Which is good. You know the Dolphins have now asked Brent to be an alumni. We done squashed all the beefs. That's why I hate bringing this up and talking about it. 'cause we done squashed it all, even though it's still not right. But we done squashed it and came to an understanding and they doing things for us now to make That's good wrong.


Yes. Yes. They, they, they do little stuff that, you know, that other, you can't get a lot of shit done without them in Miami. Oh, is that? Well, there you go. You get, you get said that right there. Yeah. You can get a passport in two hours with the Miami Dolphins. Two hours dang. Driver's license in 30 minutes. Okay. I, I just gotta put, I just got a, a podiatrist's appointment for tomorrow because my ankle been acting up. I called the Dolphins. They like, we got you tomorrow two 40. I'm like, thank you. Whoa, whoa. You've been, you've been keeping up with college football? Not really. You know, I try but I've never been a college football fan.


I'm gonna tell you why. Because I, I, when I was watching I'm, you know, I'm a seventies baby. I'm born in 1975 and things was different. And now what's gonna change again? But it was just too many powerhouses. You already knew who was gonna win. Everybody would, the biggest school was gonna get them big fat offensive linemen protect that line. They run it through quarterback, do whatever the fuck you wanna do. You already know who gonna win everything. It was the same teams for 30 years going to the playoffs and winning championships. So I just kind of fell outta love with college football. But now I feel like now with this NIL shit, it might be more fun to watch now. 'cause now everybody can get anybody. And I think that, I think that was one of the main reasons why Nick Saban retired.


Yeah. He can't, he can't compete with that. I mean rightfully so, because he was already getting all the good players and whatever they was already doing to get the players, they was doing it. Yeah. Now it's like I normally get the good player and I'm just saying this, I don't know, allegedly they just say he was probably giving the kid, of course he would a million dollars. Now it's somebody over here saying we give you 3 million. Right? Yeah. So instead of you getting that powerhouse running back a quarterback receiver, somebody is getting them now. So I think he can say, you know what, I'm not gonna be able to, I'm Fucking with y'all. Yeah. I can't, I ain't gonna be able to compete with this man. I'm just gonna go and buy and retire and go enjoy life with the wife and do all this and that. I don't think he gets up and retire 'cause she was tired.


I I that's bullshit. Bullshit. The man retired because them damn man got deals and the same sweet deals. He was giving them kids. Somebody else can give 'em now. Yeah. And I think this kind of evens the playing field a little bit. Like especially with the playing that they did do Florida wrong last year. Now let's keep it real. They did do them boys wrong. But I do think that this kind of evens the playing field a little bit. Especially when it comes to getting certain type of players. Anybody can go anywhere now. How, how you feel about the head coach for the New England Patriot? Gerard Mayo super proud in the first game. It's, it's, it's tough for me to judge somebody that ain't did nothing.


Why? Why, why you say that? Why? You say like why, like what what do you mean by that? That he ain't done nothing to get the job or No, no, not to get the job. I'm saying like, I need to see you in action. I need to see, you know, you in a little stress. Well he just won one game with Jacoby, Brit. That is amazing to me. I'm being real. I ain't Jacob, I'm not knocking him at all. That's all You needed. But for him to go out there with that and do what he did with that, because ain't nobody trying to go with no New England and play. Now I'm pulling for him. Don't get a twist. I'm, I am pulling for him. But in order for me to judge his coaching, I gotta, I gotta see what he do or what he got and, and how he's able to motivate players and, and get everybody going and, and, and I wanna see what type of system he, I don't know a lot about him.


So I'm, I'm still learning what type of coach he is, what type of system he runs. You know, a lot of times people don't realize coaching isn't just about Xs and Os, it's about leadership. It's about getting everybody to do what you're telling 'em to do. Because believe it or not, the NFL is Madden. The NFL is is is the, the, the GM and the coach is playing Madden. Imagine you show up. So, so everybody gets, well you get Monday off if you win, it's called Victory Monday. But everybody gets Tuesday off unless you play on Thursday night, on a Thursday night game. When you show up on Wednesday to practice, duh. They tell you to place your running. You don't get a say.


You don't, it's not a meeting where y'all sit down and say, okay, we plan this team, what y'all think we should do? No, they give you a place. This is what we're running, this is what we're doing. You need to figure get this done this week. You don't get a say. You could be like, no, I don't think we should run cover two the whole game. I don't think we should play these niggas, man. A, they don't give a fuck what you talking about. You do what you're told in the NFL. And a lot of times that'd be the biggest struggle for the coaches. They have to get everybody on board, whatever their plan is and trust and believe their system and what they got going. So if you can get everybody on board, whether it's bullshit or not, that's really a a, a challenge in coaching that people don't really like, they don't, they don't respect that.


The show. Nick, Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments. You'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss ASAP Rocky, I don't Big Sean Camila Cabell, doji Cat Dua Lipa, when Stephan Halsey Poser Sheath Urban New Kids on the block.


Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet, A special performance by Coldplay Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com. Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York, who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr.


Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy hood winked everyone. He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this?


Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts. My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19, I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


If you just not tuning into this show y'all, I wanna let y'all know, man, if you can't watch this show, you can listen to it on Apple Podcast and Spotify type in The Bubba Dub Show our pop up. You can listen to this show Also, this show is being presented by prize picks for you first time users, you put $5 in, they gonna give you $50 just like that using my promo code trash with the two Hs, T-R-A-S-H-H and over that prospect. It's either more or less. So for instance, this Saturday they might have your door Sanders for 375 yard passing yards. You either put more or less or NFL, they might have deck Prescott scheduled to throw for two touchdowns.


You either put more or less overdone prospects. Two outta three is a one or three Outta three is a one or three outta four is a one, four out. Five is a one Go over gun and download the number one sports betting fantasy app Right now. It is right now prize picks we back y'all. Yes, Miko also, I also wanna talk to you, talk to you about how was it, because you still are, but how was it being a wife of a of a, of a NFL athlete? What are the pros and whether the cons of that? I Think I had an advantage because I was a pro athlete also, so I kind of like a lot of women, like I talk to other wives and everything like that and I like, I like when I, we have a meeting before the season starts me off, I go luncheon and all this stuff and I'll be like, oh, you know who's your husband?


Oh you know, so and so. I'm like, what position He's playing. Oh, he's offensive lineman. Oh, which, which, which, you know, lineman, I dunno. Oh, he's a, he's a dv. Which is he a safety? Is he a corner? Is he a nickel? What is he, you know, what is he, I don't know. So a lot of them don't invest in their man. They don't think about like the things that they go through. Like, like I, I put myself in charge of like tickets, family members call. Don't call his phone, don't call, call me. A lot of times as a wife, you have to think about taking stress off of them. And that's one of the things that I prided myself on is like taking stress off of him, handling things that, that I need to handle.


I, I took care of my son. He didn't have to worry about nothing. All he had to focus on was football. And so my job was difficult but I knew what to do. I knew how to do it and I enjoyed sports. I love to watch him play. Like it's, it's not like I'm just there being cute. I'm there like watching, I'm looking at stats. I'm looking at I'm, we on the sideline. I'm talking to him like, Hey, that nigga trying to go deep. You got, you know what I'm saying? So I'm like involved. I'm into it. So I'm a different kind of wife. That's true. I really true enjoy being the wife of an athlete because I wish I had a man when I was playing. No man is coming to, to, I was playing overseas, but ain't no man coming to live overseas.


I mean, I ain't making enough money to take care of both of us, you know what I'm saying? Overseas. But I tried to be the kind of wife that I wish I had to support me when I was a player. And that's really just how I led my marriage in that way. That's dope. I wish more women and you know, wives and girlfriends would take your approach and supporting the man and what he doing and falling back and letting him just focus on the game. 'cause the money is coming. But let him focus on the game. Let him be the best that he can be with all that. You wasn't nagging or none of that was you? No, I I'm really like a guy's kind of girl. I'm a tomboy, like, you know, I talk a lot of shit. I'm, I'm fun, you know what I'm saying? I do shit like, I like, like he loved chicken, fried chicken. Whoo.


I I'm not really a, I'm a healthy eater so I don't really like frying things. So if he got a pick fried chicken, as soon as we get home, I'm, I don't give a fuck if it's one o'clock in the morning. I'm finna fry some goddamn chicken because, you know what I'm saying? That's like a treat. I look forward to little shit like that. It is a motivation for him to get some fried chicken, to get an interception, you know, stuff like That. That good because he hold k boy, eat boy, boy noles. Yeah, I hear that a lot. And I, I feel, I feel really bad. But that's, that's another thing too, like if your man is rich and you make money like you, it makes your life easier. A lot of things you should just be doing just 'cause you got money. You know, like you, you, you should learn how to cook.


You should just hire somebody to come teach you how to cook. You shouldn't always have a chef like, like men like seeing they woman in the kitchen. Then you also need to learn how to suck dent. 'cause sometimes that's all he really need is to just get that out of him. He don't wanna do no work for you. He just need it out real quick so he can lay down. Need that on. Huh? Need that on. Yeah, I just, I just feel like men that high value men deserve high value women and I'm a high value ass woman. And and that's how I, that's how I move. Dang. You can't beat that. Can't beat that. I know, I'm, I'm super excited about this weekend. I'm super excited about this Sunday. My Dallas Cowboys are facing the New Orleans Saints.


Where the game at? I can't in Dallas. You going, Do you hear me in Dallas? I'm catching me a Cowboys game this year. Now Cowboy Boots had everything. One thing I said about New Orleans Saints fans, they travel everywhere. They travel, they Absolutely travel well, they travel well. They like the Packers, the Green Bay Packers, them motherfuckers be everywhere. Everywhere. Yeah. And the Saints fans do too. They they, they going to flood Dallas. I know it. They going to flood it, but they gonna be so disappointed when we, when, when, when, when, when they go up there, when we route them, I, I got to score 34, 21 Cowboys.


Damn. Who you think going, you So you got the Cowboys winning the, the division. Absolutely. I don't think the Eagles gonna win the division. What Do you think about the Eagles game? I I love the Eagles not gonna lie, but it is something about Jalen Hurtz. It's just turning me off now. It's like he'll just, he'll turn the ball over. Like, and I, and I know what y'all gonna say. Well Dak turned it over, let's stop it. He had one bad year, one bad year and y'all won a whole leg against him. Dak is very good with What did Jalen have? He had one bad year too. Nah, Jalen always throwing two, three picks a game. He won a Super Bowl. No, he got to a Super Bowl and lost. Oh my boy. He lost lost that, that that win was foes.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. With the well foes that year Was, that was a crazy, that was crazy. But he did gig him. I I, I'm not knocking sip and serve hurts on anything. It gets to me though, man. He, you know, he'll, he'll try to make a play when ain't nothing there and just throw the ball up. That's the only thing I don't like about him. Sometimes he need to just throw the ball away. Bad decision making Or just take a shack. That's all I'm saying about him. But you know, but that's why I feel like Dallas gonna win the division. Now what we do when we get in the postseason is a different story. Yeah. But I feel like It seem like as soon as y'all get there, y'all not even the same team no more. Y'all start off hot. Y'all cool down a little bit. Y'all play Stak and then y'all, y'all at the end of the season, y'all muster up some shit to make everybody feel like, okay, okay.


They they finish, they get in the playoffs, they, they rounded it out and then y'all lose. What's the problem? I think y'all cursed too. I can't say we cursed. I just think it's that, you know, you gotta have clutch players. That's what it all about. You like John Brady is clutch to, he had a clutch coach, he had a clutch on that would make the tough decisions and bring in players that nobody would bring in. He would trust the coach to do that. Jerry Jones don't trust Mike McCort. You Think he's still the gm? He's he he until he die. Wow. And I don't think Jerry gonna ever die. He been 88, 15 years in a row. Like I think, man I think that that's one of y'all biggest problems is he don't wanna relinquish any type of power.


Sometimes you gotta know your role and know what you, your strengths and your weaknesses and you have to sit back and let somebody else take that over. He ain't got that juice. He Not gonna, I'm not gonna do it because he the owner. But that's what I'm saying. There's, there's 32 owners. He ont care. He say other 30. How many Owners are GMs? He Said they ain't him And they ain't getting past the first round. God damn Jerry, get out the way, Get out the Way. I, it gotta be ego. I know his son there and she got people around. But I think it's, it's ego like I, I really feel like he think he's not the problem and rightfully so.


He's Not The field. He not so, but he's in the way. Like Yeah He, let's say like certain players, Mike McCarthy might want to go down there and get on they ass or chastise Jerry right on the sideline. I got it. You see what I'm saying? Of course. They might not really be man. Jerry might have them. They don't even worry about him. Just, I got you. And that causes conflict in the, in, in, in the locker room. Same way it did with Jimmy Johnson. That's why Jimmy Johnson's not there with the Dallas Cowboy because Garrett almost take credit for everything. And you, But you think Garrett was a good coach, Coach Jason Garrett? Hell no. You didn't think so?


No. Why not? He was a yes man to Jerry. Yeah, a little bit. He, he could, I think for himself everything it was, let me talk to Jerry. You know who I think would've been a good coach for the Dallas Cowboy? Tony Romo I think. Oh, I love Tony Romo. Call the game. Think I think he still can be a coach for the Dallas Cowboys man. Tony is a But I think they were butt heads. I don't, I think 'cause Tony ain't no punk, he ain't finna let you just do whatever you wanna do. Even Jerry Jones, he gonna be like ag nigga watch out. I think Martin Team Jerry got a little like a love for Romo. I think he'll give a Romo a lot of more room juice. Anybody else?


He'll give him a little rope. Tony. I think Tony getting a bag to talk about football right now though. I don't know if you wanna Let me say this right now and I know the people gonna get mad. They need to take Brady off tv Brady need be back in the uniform or on the golf course. Can't nobody do what Tony Romo do. I'm just saying that right now. Oh, Romo is so good. He's so good. He you ever see him? He be calling the plays. He be like, oh they about to do this. But I be like, yo, this nigga is so good. I think he would be a great coach for the Cowboys man. I know the players over there gonna respect and the more, more importantly just hear me out now. I'm just saying this, it would help Dak so much because remember Romo got hurt.


Remember Dak rookie year, Romo got hurt. Dak started right, came in and played. He had Tony Romo to go get that sideline every time. And he was in Dak ear. We had one of the best records that it was Dak played some of the best balls a rookie could ever play by Romo being right there. I know y'all gonna say well he had the coaches. Yeah, but Romo was was teaching him everything he need. Yeah. Romo coming in there as a head coach. He was a quarterback. He know he he know d Quarterback coach first. I think. I think Dak could really give over that hump with Tony Romo. How many more years you think they gonna give Dak though? They Just paid him. That don't mean shit.


He ain't going nowhere worth $240 million. 237 million guaranteed. They Got rid of, they got rid of Russell for. That's Russell And what is Dak? That's Russell. Russell got a Super Bowl And it don't mean a me me if you can't get to get us to the playoffs no more Dak getting them to the playoffs. It let the league in passing touchdowns last year. Ru Russell don't even know he Russell no damn more. When he, when he got was the arrow, he lost his legs. He washed now he washed Now Russell, Russell Wilson is that dude playing on the longest yard? You know what I'm talking about. The dude play quarterback. You stupid. I'm Free.


He full of calm Russell full of calm. Ru ain't ring con play no football. He's, he, I think he is a like, past his prime of course. But I still feel like as a, like, as a quarterback, that's the one position you don't have to be in shape for, you know, you don't have to be like fast or you just have to really know how to be settled in that pocket and throw the ball. Yeah. Playing for Pittsburgh, you better be able to move. Well you about to see That's why he ain't playing now Justin Fields back there. Yeah. This is gonna be an interesting year. You Know, you terrible when Justin Fields starting over, you and I ain't got nothing against the dude. I'm just saying you terrible.


If Justin Fields At this point he is a clip, he's going to clip or hold and just get the check and if something happened to Justin, they do have a decent backup and vice versa. They, they both, I think that that the experience that Russell has is better than the, that the lack of experience of Justin. Like, you know, it's kind of like, you know the poison is different on each player. But what they do have though Pittsburgh do have is a coach. Oh yeah, They got Mike tumbling over there. They got a coach I Used. Let me tell you how used to a biggest crush on this man, let's talk About it. Tomlin is a nigga.


Okay. He is a nigga. Yeah. I used to be like, oh he's so fine. I used to say that and Brent be looking at me like, because you know light-skinned niggas don't like when you say somebody dark is cute. I be like, no baby. I'm just saying because like, he like, he got crushes. He always saying somebody fine is like their nice, he be like, boy Tom, like boy he fine and he's smart and I like that. He don't give a fuck now. Like he gonna say whatever he wanna say now. So it's gonna, it's gonna be an interesting year. You think this is his last little run with them? Man, all I know is Brent better than me. What you would've said We, we had a cussing mess. Me and you that day?


No, because Brent is obsessed with Sierra Lord and I eat that because 'cause she's fine as a motherfucker. I agree. Shit, she a bad bitch. I ain't no hating now we don't, we don't got that. Yeah, I like that. I like them vibes. Yeah. Yeah. We keep real with each other. Hey, she fine. Oh yeah. She, she got it now. You know, we don't, we don't have that type of, you know, we, we, we just keep it real and have fun and ain't never be that deep. Y'all swingers. Hell no, I not, I would be a swinger. I I'm fun. Brent is not. He not, he not that type of nigga. If he opened this motherfucker up, boy, no, I'm just fun.


I'm wild. You know what I'm saying? I'm just saying No, we don't have no type of fun like that. Never, Y'all don't, y'all gonna do the ti and tan? Never, he ain't never gonna let no, he don't even, like a lot of people Brent don't like, like Yeah, we gonna care what Brent want. What you want. I don't, I don't run that part For show, but I, I bumped into a couple of swingers, man, they crazy as hell man. I have a lot of friends. That's, that's, I couldn't do it but Play. You ever been to a play party? Nah. What? Go on. Oh man. Man, I've been to a couple of 'em. I just, I So you were a wristband to say like what you went to as some of them. So I'm just a watcher.


I'm just an observer. I ain't never participated. But you know, there's people that come in as a couple and they looking to switch or they're looking to have somebody join them. Some people are just in there single and just everybody just open air, fucking everywhere Bucket. They But open air, fucking everywhere. Balls, titties, juice everywhere. It is, it is an experience. What it's overseas or it's over here? Here. It's every week. It's where you at? I'm in Texas. Oh, I'm I'm gonna find you in Dallas or Houston. Age time. I'm gonna find you one. They're everywhere though.


Atlanta got a lot of New York, got a lot of, They ain't doing nothing in Atlanta. Never cut the light on. Gotta cap every light on in that facility to see what's going on in the Yeah. A lot of them also have you, some of 'em have you get tested. They, they want your research. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about right there. Yeah. So they have a lot of rules about certain things. Some people have rules where they, you know, you have to wear condoms, you have to wear protection and all that. And it's just fun. It's, you know, I just like that people are free to to to to fulfill their kinks because if people don't fulfill their kinks, that's when perverted weird shit start happening, you know?


So you see people in there that just want their foot. You, they want you to nut on their foot, you know, come on they foot and shit like that. Some people want you to pee on them, you know, or Kill shit going on, man. Yeah, I mean, that's What I'm saying. There's kink, there's rooms, there's like different little rooms and there's different kinks going on in the rooms and stuff like that. So you, you gotta you gotta experience one. You gotta, yo I believe you'll get in there and get and get, get down with it now. Never. You not never doing it. No, I can't do that. Switch the top. Let's switch, let's switch topics right quick for a second, man. Before we, before we close out here tonight though, gimme your, gimme your again, gimme your, gimme your Super Bowl. Pick right now.


Oh, Chiefs of course. Chiefs. That's a FC. Who you got coming out the NFC 49 ERs? Rematch. Rematch. Yeah. Why not? Who The winner? Huh? Huh? Who? The winner. Chiefs. Chiefs. Yeah. That's Threepeat now that's Threepeat. Yeah. I mean, you know what? You, you have a argument with the goat thing. I'm not gonna say that's not a discussion. I just feel like you like they had three and this is what year? Six or seven For my homes? Yeah, It might be seven.


So let's see, three years from now, It'll be four. August seven if you win this year. And, we talk, we talking about something. We talking about something. I really, really, I don't know why, but I really, really want the Ravens to go to the, I mean I wouldn't, I I wanna see Lamar get one. I'm not going lie to you. I do want, I feel bad for him and I'm not even Finn lie to you. I don't think Lamar is nowhere near as good as Patrick Mahomes. I'm just real. He's not. I just want him to get there so people could leave him alone. Somebody say Russell Wilson the Mahomes killer. No. What?


Right now? Yeah. I don't know what they thinking, but Repeat. My rams don't get by. I mean, I do like the lions. They still looking nice That, that that's They still looking right? Think they might be able to give the hump. Yeah. They they look like they all right too. You know, it's just going to come down to like that, that, now I'm finna say this, the Lions coach fucked them up last year. He the reason they lost Campbell Yeah. Did too much. You was doing too much. So if he get out the way, the Lion's, the lion's going to give some people some problems. I think so too. Yeah. You, you got Chiefs.


Of course. I gotta say the Cowboys, but I gotta be realistic. Yeah. 'cause I can't say the Rams. I And we ain't, I Besides the Cowboys, I would say Chiefs and NOC, just being honest, I tr it's the 49 ERs, but I won't say Detroit Lines. It's the 49 ERs. But I won't say Detroit Lines. I'm, I'm You just keeping it real. I Gotta keep it real. And that's the only way I could be, I'm a cowboy fan until I die. But I think right now the 49 ERs in the Detroit lines are better than us. But if we can get hot, if we can just get hot and get that run game going. And let me tell you something, I'm gonna keep it real with you.


Like I'm not a Dak hater, you know what I'm saying? I, I still wouldn't mind seeing him get there. Like I'm, you know, I'm, I'm not, I'm not one of those people that just hate the Cowboys. I don't, I I I would just, I just hate y'all fan base. That's really what it is. I hate y'all That's saying Because this is Cowboys team. The team as a team. I like a lot of the players. Y'all got really good players on that team for sure. Y'all really got good players, so I wouldn't mind seeing y'all get there. It's really just gonna be depending on Dak. Like he really drive y'all vote. He really do. You, you, you gotta get shoutouts or something. You wanna let the people know where they can find you.


Talk to us. I'm on Instagram, iHeart Miko. I have fun on Snapchat at iHeart Miko. I have Twitter, OG Meek Millie, but I'm, I'm not really, you know, they kicked me off Twitter like nine years ago. I'm back now, but I don't really fuck with it. But I would like to say I have written a TV series, Okay. And I've shot three, the first three episodes. It's called Hoe Okay. Happiness Over Everything. So if you do follow me, if and, and you happen to see my, my TV series and I'm trying to pitch it or if it get picked up, I would appreciate any support you could give a sister because this is my first time writing a TV series. My first time acting.


I'm starring in it. And yes, that's my new I've, I've been gave up on the sports commentary. I just gave up. It's not my industry no more. They don't like real niggas like me, especially since I got tits and you know, it's just, it's just not the industry, me industry for me no more. So I've moved into the TV and film industry. I'm a screenwriter. I'm trying to do some acting. So if you ever really wanna support me and you see my tv, anything, that's the best way to support me, Man. Y'all go out there and follow Miss Miko right now, man. We gonna support your happiness, hope happiness over everything. We gonna go out there, we gonna support that.


We gonna help run the numbers up on that to all my people who tune in tonight. Thank y'all for tuning in. We appreciate y'all running the Bubble dub. So I'll be going live again Saturday night after the Canelo Avarez fight. Ooh yeah. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button, get in the comment section. Remember I'm gonna fly a lucky fan out to a football game this season to come along with me and share the bubbled dub experience. Oh, that stuff. Thank Miss Nico for coming on today and chopping it up and spitting game with us and telling us some things that we didn't know. Every interesting thing fuck away. But we appreciate you. Thank you for coming on everybody. I see y'all again. Saturday Night Peace.


I'm out The volume, Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat j Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block, Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com. Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series, my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos.


That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy Hoodwinked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Smokey the Bear, smokey. Then you know why Smokey tells you when he sees you passing through. Remember, please be careful. It's the least that you can do matches play with fire.


After 80 years of learning his wildfire prevention tips. Smokey Bear lives within us all. Learn more@smokeybear.com. And remember, only You can prevent wildfires Brought to you by the USDA, forest servicer, state forester, and the ad Council.