
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Lowe's Nose A Thriving Yard starts with quality care. Right now get Mural Cook Row, threequarter Cubic Foot All Purpose Garden Soil for just $2 was $4 and 58 cents. Plus get a free Select Ego, 56 volt trimmer or blower with a purchase of a Select Ego. 56 volt mower. The best yard starts with the best deals. Lowe's, we help you save valid through five 14 Excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chu of casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


Men. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out then I discovered better man. After just two months, I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing, even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and competence to live life on my terms. Better Man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years ready to take back control. Go to bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Individual results may vary.


The Volume What it do everybody? Yep. What it do y'all already know? Shit, boy. Bubba do man. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. You know, I know y'all been waiting on me like I been waiting on y'all. The NBA playoffs on fuck. So before we even get into the NBA and what's going on with p Diggy, I mean Oh yeah, that's a whole lot going on with Diggy and ca. Hey, we gonna get into all that tonight. You know, You know me. We gonna get in that tonight, but before we do anything, hit the like button. Yeah, go ahead and hit the like button. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button And when you do, when you do subscribe to the Bubble Dub show, You know, keep your notifications turned on.


'cause you gonna wanna know when we dropping over here and You know right now I'm currently watching the Golden State Warriors and the, I can't think of their name no more. Golden State. And who playing it in? I have brain free Golden State and Minnesota playing right now. They really hanging in there right now. Got stiff. I feel like the Timberwolves, they the Timberwolves, they gotta win this game bro. Like just an man ain't really going off right now. But You know Julius round the A-K-A-A-K-A funny Marco going off right now. But if Minnesota lose this game right here and they get Steph cur back, they in trouble. I'm just being honest. They in trouble like it like what's going for me, like what's going on in the NBA right now?


Like Minnesota really has a chance to get to the NBA finals per se. Like, and I think they nigga take, they, they nigga take advantage of their opportunities right now. I feel like Minnesota is a bigger team than Golden State. They should be blowing Golden State out right now, but they are not. And that let me know if Golden State keep this game close while they're at home. They could possibly pull this game off every night and end up being two two headed back to Minnesota. But a man, he getting off to these slow starts. I I, I don't know what it is. Maybe he just, just def he ain't really deferring 'cause he getting his shot up just ain't really making nothing right now.


But he gotta stop getting off to these slow starts and start attacking early and getting into the game though. But yeah, right now halftime between the Warriors in the woods right now. Y'all let me know how y'all see these series going. Six. Y'all see it going at seven Wolves or Warriors? Talk to me. What you got man? I know my phone been through it. My phone been through everything. Just what? I'm not buying another one ain't Now y'all gonna look at this busing up ass phone. All Yeah somebody say a million soccer play a day after a yellow Jake. They probably is fans. They probably is right now.


Talk to me. You know NBA draft? Yeah, them Dallas Mavericks. The Dallas Maverick got. Hey, we got a lot to talk about here tonight. We got a lot to talk about here tonight. I got something special going on tonight, man. For for we gonna, we gonna talk basketball. We going we gonna talk Diddy. We gonna, we gonna get it. We get, we finna get getting there right now. Hey man, I finna bring somebody on with me right now. We finna have a little fun tonight man. So let's bring, let, let, let's bring somebody on Mr. Savannah. Everybody. Miami is Savannah. How you doing boss? Like Good, how are you? I'm good. Welcome to the bubble dub show over here.


We talk about sports, we talk about culture, we talk about everything over here. So tonight, You know I'm, I'm gonna hit you with the first game we just watched the New York Knicks and the Boston Celtic. They won that game 1 21 to one 13. What are your thoughts on this series right now? I got the knick one and everything. Well not everything I got the knick one in this series, but I been had that James he went, he had 42 though. That's crazy. Yeah, but he, I don't know, he just needs to be a little more solid. But he got injured. So before Tegu got injured, you had the knick wing in the series? Yeah. And why, why, why is that why you had the Knicks beating the defending champs? 'cause they took cuts, players not taking cuts.


If you taking a cut you about to go crazy out there. So that's what Bron was doing. Taking cuts to bring Oh yeah, you about to get with your all you're not doing that but they seen the vision. They're executing well. So They're definitely executing well right now. Like I said, I just recently just got through watching that game with Gilbert Ringers them over there. Shout out the Gils ring. And from what I'm just seeing with the New York Knicks right now, they playing with a tongue of confidence. Like they, they they really believe like they finna knock the champs off and that's exactly how they playing right now. So I got the Tom Timba doga head coach over there right now. But Micha Bridges is surprising me. I didn't know he was just good. I knew he was good but I didn't know he they good.


Did You know Micha Bridges was that good? He's Solid and I think he brings more than just like buckets and all of that stuff to the, to the team. You know, like his energy all around. He's a good, he's a good person, good player. You know His Midtrans game crazy too Crazy. And they was able to get what I got New babe. They was able to get 20 points out of him. Big Cat, Carl Anthony Town Starting five, right? I think they were Yeah. Widgets. Yeah. Yeah they was, they was, they was Ling night. But sometime I also feel like with with Big Cat, we, we, we not seeing the the best big Cat yet. I don't think, I don't think he really reached his potential yet as a player. I never seen that from Ka but I get a lot of controversy on that one.


I don't know, I'm not a big Cat fan, but, but he produces when he wants to produce. No, that's what I'm saying. I don't think we seen his, because it's like, he's like night and day one game. He might have 23 point 15 rebounds the next night he, he eight and eight and eight and just filing out like yeah. You know, he just never been too consistent for me. But other than that he, like you say, a series, he's, he's balling out Josh Hart playing Tough Defense Robinson's getting rebounds and now we could be dealing with a toing Achilles from Jason Tatum tonight. I know, that's tough. What does that does to Boston? Like it's not just this series but moving forward.


Oh they're gonna, they're gonna have to figure it out, out within the tire team. I feel like they they built a lot off of JT so, and Jaylen, we've seen what he's done this series. So gonna have to figure it out. Which is nothing they mo do you, do you move Jaylen Brown? That's that's that's what I'm hinting at. Do do you move Him? Yeah, you're gonna have to do what you have to do. You're gonna have to move him. I'm sorry, the the The NBA finals MVP you are willing to move on from him. Yeah. You see how they just did Luca? It's no, it's, it's, it's none of that. And it's getting So what So what are you giving up for him though? You guess ain't letting him go like you you gotta be getting something crazy back in return for 'em though.


Yeah, you do. Well we're gonna see all these moves that are about to happen. I'm hearing youngest, I'm hearing youngest is, is is exploring leaving Milwaukee and I'm and if you go San Antonio Spurs with the second pick, do you go out to Youngest? Yes. Would you? Yes, I'm be honest. Yeah, I think every team, I mean that he wants to go to and explore who wouldn't go. I mean It's not that I just don't wanna see him at Win Beyond, but I don't think they'll lose win beyond. But Youngest and Fox right now, I don't think they lose. Like they gonna get every rebound. They gonna be tough to beat.


Went Yoba with the Spurs right now, Say Giannis, it's gonna sound crazy but I'm from Chicago. We need something in Chicago N Nip. Yes. Yes. Y'all got a little young squad over but You know why I really wanna see Young As at just like, just 'cause You know me, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm Laker I want see him out there in LA I mean Bron on his way out maybe bro get to play with him for one more year but him and Luca in the west that could go crazy like, like that that will go CR G and Luca. Insane, Insane, Insane. I like the Lakers too. But if you was to go out to the youngest they would have to give up everybody to get him though.


The Lakers would. Oh yeah. Like ar damn Ruy Brony. I mean You know, we hate to give up our blunt roller but because bro, I don't know if You know Brony be rolling them blunt so we there and that's, I don't know if they'll let Brony go or not but You know we, we might even give up JJ regular for young Not letting Brony go JJ Nah we ain't no, You know people said what they want about bro, the guy can play but not only that, he's a money maker like the Jersey sales like so that goes into consider consideration with these owners in this NBA league. I mean some wanna wins but most of 'em, well majority of 'em all is about the money at the end of the day.


Yeah. And I people think with the Dallas man switch to subject for a minute with Nico Harris. If people don't think that the owner didn't know what was going on with him tra and Luca, y'all crazy. Like they knew exactly what was going on. Yeah. And then they all acted like they didn't know though. That's what's that's what's crazy. Think about it. You don't think they would've fired him if they didn't know they would've fired him? He just, they Because They they was in on it. Like they didn't, they didn't wanna pay Luca all that money. I get that's what it's all boil down to. At the end of the day they wasn't willing to give Luca even though he 26 years old but they felt like he had bad workout habits. He's in the refrigerator every damn day eating, You know, eating grapes or a watermelon.


Me just Luca being Luca but they didn't wanna give him the money they sent him to la. It's good for the NBA and I also think this, we gonna give up Luca to the Lakers. Right. It's gonna be crazy. It's gonna be Blockbuster. We're gonna get the ratings back up but we gonna make sure y'all get the number one pick. Right. Like I, I always think something going on behind the scenes with the NBA making sure certain teams get what they supposed to get in the end. We were just on gills or Ringer talking about this and I just think they was just all in cahoots with this. 'cause like you say, who going to give up Luca? Like they just like the Chicago not comparing them but they get like the Chicago Bulls giving up Michael Jordan.


Right. Like that's never going, never would happen or Derrick Rose in his prime. Right. Never gonna happen. So that's how I feel about that. Yeah. Makes They're saying they're trying to, it's based off marketing now. So like every franchise is like they're trying to market the for franchises. Who, who's the face of the NBA to you right now? It's up for grabs. I mean Jokic. Jokic. But he don't even want it though. No he doesn't but he doesn't really have a choice when you doing things that you're doing like that. It goes without saying the same thing to Ant man he said he don't want it.


He's about Travis. It's not Jason Tatum bro. I can say that. And ain't that strange though, to be honest. Ain't that strange that he's not the face? Is it strange? It's, I think 'cause I think it was for him and for whatever reason nobody won won't won't just grasp for him too. Really. We, Yeah, I mean you've seen what he's done in the playoffs. I mean he got a ring last year. Yeah he did but he's still a little soft. Okay. I ain't going disagree with that. I'm not gonna disagree with that saying he is not. But I would say the face of the league right now would be Giannis Giannis.


Why? Because he plays both ends of the floor. Both ends of the floor. He's already a champion. He already got an MVP. He might got two, I don't even mistaken. He might got two, he might got one but I think he got two. I think his youngest and You know bro ain't got bug about Curry probably got about what two or three Durant probably got two years left. Like all the, the generational players that we done seen, they on they way out. Like who's going to take that next step and making the NBA sagging like those player was like, like you say tag them but he just not doing it. Besides Jokic. You got Luca but it Angus changed like it's only one high flyer and that's Ant Man, Luca and Jokic they slow.


Yeah they are. And so You know the game but they But they make big plays and they know how to like lead teams and things like that. Correct. I think Ja Wick would've been if he wouldn't have been out here Ja wicking he would've definitely would've been the face because they was definitely trying to give it to him. Even Nike now with the shoes, they trying to, they popping like, like they really popping hard with his shoes right now. But I don't know if he want it though. Like I don't think certain players want what comes with that because It's a lot. Yeah but don't you wanna be great? Don't you like don't you wanna be one of them ones are you guess okay with just, I'm guess I'm gonna be a regular star.


I'm good, I'm getting my money and I'm good like or do you want to go all the way to the top with it? I feel like stats and stuff and what you do can play a role. That doesn't mean you have to take on all that responsibility. You know like being in, people don't wanna be into cameras all the time. I mean they're on contracts and stuff so they have to but unnecessary like ooh they're not trying to do that. Nobody wants to live like that all the time. I mean yeah, I mean you got, you got, you gotta have your privacy sometime. I mean 'cause when you get together start living TMZ everywhere And I probably see LeBron and how he, how he's living everything with his kids.


Everything. Yep. And then, but you would have some people arguing saying that's why he get paid the big bucks. I know. So it's like best of both worlds really is man you gotta take it for what it worth like Beyonce them, they can't even, I seen on something big JC and Beyonce, they was outside they house just outside in the yard and somebody camped out, got over in the mountains and digging on them. It's like there's no privacy at at that. But I guess it's only privacy when you in the earth flying might be the only time they probably really get privacy but also switch your subject back to the game.


Yesterday we seen the Indiana Pacers defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers. What's going on with that series? Like why is it that a team that was so great in the regular season is is not in the playoffs? Like from your perspective, what's going on with the Cleveland Cavaliers right now? They're just not a playoff team. I think everyone can agree to that every year they're like in the same position with playoffs. They're gonna have to make some moves over there. And is it moving Spiderman? So you willing to move Donovan Mitchell?


I don't know. He is nice. He's very, very nice. But do you move him? Is it time or you come back next season and maybe add a piece? I don't know. I don't know. What do you think? They're solid regularly. I say, I say, I say add a piece. I don't Think you should break em up here. I think they need one more person. Come over. Yeah, Don't break 'em up. They're solid. Who can they get though that could come over and just really get them? 'cause you still going have to be dealing with the Knicks. You still got the Celtics coming back. Maybe they ain't as tough as they was with The Knicks taking over the the East.


The east. I don't know. I I I don't say break it, but I don't say break it up though. I say add another piece to the puzzle and and come back. Oh that's Auto clear. That organization has, they've been working over there. Yeah, I mean it's Cleveland at the end of the day. Broing ain't there no more. It is. It's Switch. It's just, I don't know. But like I say the Pacers is is up at that series right now. I don't see Cleveland coming back and winning the series at all. I think it's over. I think the Pacers is gonna be meeting the New York Knicks in the Eastern Conference finals.


That's a rivalry. Remember the Patrick ews and the Reggie Millers going at it And I already hear you already saying you got the Knicks winning it all. So you Oh no I got the nuggets. Oh you got the nuggets If they make it to the finals. But I got the Knicks and the Pacers. Who would you have winning the series? I got the Knicks. You got the Knicks getting to the finals facing the, the Denver Nuggets. That's, so that's, that's your pick the nuggets rest of the Knicks in what? Six or seven? I'm gonna go seven. Ooh ooh you feela make excited. Seven game New York Knicks. Ooh


Hey. So we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to Your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself


Men. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom. Let's urge to go And I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing. Even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and confidence to live life on my terms. Better Man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years Ready to take back control. Go to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the fda. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


Hey it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void for prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I see it, it is gonna sound crazy and I know people gonna be getting on me for this, but I see OKC in the New York Knicks NBA finals. Okay see in the Ns. Okay, see they're not gonna beat the nuggets. I know my, my friend keep telling me the sad thing he keeps saying dub ain't gonna happen. But I guess somehow, I guess thank Shake gonna get them boys to the finals against the New York Knicks. But I do not know who going to win that series though. I don't know. I think it's a miracle on 34th Street something happening. It's gonna be crazy this year in the NBA finals. But I don't think it's gonna be the teams that we all think that's going to be there though.


'cause I know you saying the nuggets, you got some people saying and man, but everybody's keeping counting off OKC and I think OKC gonna get there against the New York Knicks. Ooh it's gonna be crazy. I would hope a young team actually wins. That would be exciting. I yeah, I mean we gonna see go, but I know Denver is not gonna be no easy team to beat, especially from OKC. I mean Denver more, more experienced, more experienced. They, they battle tested. They got three, four time MVP and Jokic. They got ring, they got Westbrook coming off their bench.


You know what I'm saying? He's a firecracker like, like He, he's sitting on that. He's sitting on that. He could still come in and get you 2025 off the bench quick in a fast in a hurry. So that's the only thing that scare me about the nuggets. But I guess He's not scared about Aren Gordon either. Oh, He's the reason why they're winning like he has changed this series. Like it's crazy how it go from Jokic maybe to Mary, but now it is straight Gordon. He's setting the tone rebounding, hitting clutch. Si, I'm talking about threes. We talking about the slam dunk dude that sugar won. Sugar won at least two of them or at least one.


But he is the guy who hitting clutch shots. Aren Gordon. It's crazy man. That's why I say times has changed right now. Like for me, I used to look at him like a Blake Griffin. Yeah, but It's like, and even though Blake Griffin game it started, You know he started coming out the elbow and hitting shots. But like Aren Gordon, he's consistent. Like You know you, you going to get at least 21 points every night from Gordon. Right now I'm about 10, 11 rebound. Like that's what he's giving. Yeah. So yeah I could see that. But we'll see though. But, but, but but what's really going on right now though is switching girls. Tory Lanez went from 10 years to 10 stitches like what's going on in the penitentiary while they are stabbing a rapper slash singer.


I don't know like that's crazy man to, to be living the life. You know people that ain't never dreamed of living man, now you in prison and You know you, he feel like he didn't do nothing wrong but now he's in there possibly fighting for his life. Like I don't understand these rappers. Why they try to prove theyself to be so hard. I'm, if I'm going to prison, I'm gonna be in pc. I'm not gonna have no damn roommate. I'm gonna be by myself all day Now the letters I'm writing, the letters I'm writing to my family. Oh I'm in. I'm in population. I'm with everybody. I'm lying though. They ain't gonna know. Nah, how you feel about that man.


Celebrities going to jail and wanna be in, be around the people instead of being isolated by yourself. If you was in a situation these celebrities in, would you rather be around other folks or would you just rather be by yourself all day? Probably other people. Oh, you gangster like that D huh? You you, you want a mingle, huh? Oh yeah. I'm what? I need that time to go by quicker. I need some, some interaction. I'm not that big. I ain't got time. Somebody all of a sudden today start liking boys I ain't got time for all. No right. You right about So I'd rather and you, you go up in there. Oh You know what you go up. Oh it's going die.


So you might wanna think them green eyes when you come through. They putting the call in. Nah, I think I'd better go on back to PC 'cause this ain't gonna be me. So I think that's what I would do. But we praying for you Tory Lane. We gonna wish danger of harm on anybody man. What crazy Did they say where you got stabbed? No they ain't say, they ain't say last time I checked things say, but they say it wasn't life threatening. So no Viagra organs. Thank God. But we'll see how that goes. And the next thing that's in the news right now that's going crazy is the PD case that's going on right now.


That's been breaking news. Well not breaking news but they went to trial day and it, it's this a guy that p diggy, y'all gotta listen to this for y'all. I guess now tuning me then I'm finna break down the p diggy situation and what's going on. It's a whole lot of stuff going on and they're just coming out now and a lot of people finna be getting embarrassed by this stuff. But according to reports, P Diggy hired a guy. He gave him a couple of racks to sleep with Cassidy. Yeah, you heard me right. He paid a guy a couple racks to come in and sleep with Cassidy. Why he watched Now I don't know what kind of shit Diggy got going on man.


But that ain't the business. How I'm gonna have my girl, I don't know. There's some sick shit going on right now and I can't believe what I'm, the dude can't, I don't stand and told this stuff like I'm not making this stuff up. The dude got on stand and said P Diggy pay him to sleep with Cassie and that was P Digger's girlfriend at the time. And not only did he sleep with her, Cassidy told him to pee on her. What?


That's what's in the report. The man took the stand. I solemnly swear and tell nothing but the truth. He Needs to go under the jail enough. I thought a Kelly was the only one peeing on people man. But your boy Diggy peeing on Cassidy man. That's why I say sometime it best not to go to trial man because it could, You know what I'm saying? Because a lot of people gonna be hurt. A lot of people gonna get embarrassed by this. And I know a lot of women right now they with Cassie. Cassie right now. But they'll looking nigga sideways by her getting pegon 'cause she wanted to get pegon. It ain't that. He was just doing it to do it.


She was asking for the golden showers. Everybody. Now I love Cassie and I'm all for her getting her justice. But you mean to tell me she was wanting to get pee on? Oh man, there's some freaky shit going on around here. Y'all think about this fellas talk to me man. Oh y'all, oh y'all out there peeing on the ladies. Let's talk about it. Man. I seen a couple ladies in the comments on a, a certain website and they were saying well if they was in a relationship and that's what she like, that's just what she like. Now where I'm from, I don't know. Now I'm in the world I wanna get pissed on.


IIII just don't know what what we into no more. But I don't know. What are your thoughts on that? Your girl Cassie wanting to get peed on golden showers per se and it's not nothing false about this. These are all facts. She wanted this, Maybe he turned her out. I don't know. We are not denying that. No, we are not denying that we, and You know, if someone said the same thing that he turned Cassie out to a certain point. She wanted all these things, these all the things that Pete Diggy owe her but oh boy said when he came into the bedroom, Cassidy was like, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey I want you to pee on me not him.


And old boy said when he urinated on Cassidy p Diggy was on the side masturbating. Now Diggy should get 30 years to life Under the, Hey, hey look I'm not messing with nobody preference. You are what you are. But somebody be, man I can't believe man Biggie ro over in this goddamn grave right now man, shit. Hey how think of?


But look, it's not, I can't believe like he diggy y'all man. Right. I know he into a lot of freaky shit. And that's Diggy he, Diddy p Diddy, Diggy boy, the Harlem Shaker is in the bedroom with his girl and another guy and the other guy is doing whatever he want to Cassie and Gigi dig, he's Jack, I'm ask y'all something, if Ddy somehow beats this case, do y'all look at him the same if he beats this child, how do you look at Dick or do you still look at him with disgust?


Disgust It's over with for him, for him, his family, his team, his businesses, everything. It's over with. He's not, he's not gonna beat this I don't think. Right Does. He's still going to, he's still gonna face consequences and like, I mean he definitely gonna face consequences. But it is like Angus praise like I was saying Angus praise now that all your business is coming out. Like now we know what the Lube was for and there's plenty more stuff coming out. Like it's one thing to have women come out against you, but he got guys actual men coming out and saying he paid him several thousands of dollars to sleep with Cassie while he watch.


That's, There's gonna be a lot more coming out. Probably worse than that. I think some of our favorite people gonna be involved in this. Yeah, I think a lot of people about to go down a lot always over with. That's why I think he might get out because he helped. Digger got a lot of secrets. He does. And and they didn't find them tapes that they was looking for either. So you gotta keep that in mind right now. Like I think it diggy get out man. I'm telling y'all Dig nigga out.


But I know one thing that bad boys for life. The ju the jury. The jury figure. Hold on to that. I'm I'm telling you the jury figure giving for that one, I promise you the jury going to test that slogan like expired milk that bad boy for life slogan. You can best believe that they, they they not playing. They not playing man. Like, like that goes back to privacy like you said earlier. Like you want privacy but when you living that life and all this type of stuff coming like, like everything coming out and I don't think diggy gonna be the only one getting hurt in this either. Like I definitely think Cassie getting hurt. I think anybody that's involved in this case reputation gonna take a lick behind this because this can go left.


Because I think Diddy, he been in jail seven, eight months. That's why he doing all this, all this stuff with all this. 'cause he knows like he got a ace, he got a ace somewhere and he's going to use it. And all I'm saying is if, if they let Diddy come home, then they gotta let or Kelly come home now they all should have stipulations. They, they, they can't be within 5,000 feet of a school. They can't be within five, 1500 feet of women no younger than 30.


And Wow. Because we all know what they like to do when they get around. You know that. So I think r Kelly need to come home. I think he done done six, seven years. He done some time. He just can't be around women who ain't under 30 and, and do it that way. Huh? Do you still listen to Argel? Who me? Yeah. Hell yeah. Shit, I, I, I can separate the man from the music. I can separate the man from the music. I could do that because it is, it's for me, it is it's art. Art. Like I know this guy might be a bad person.


He done done some things he should have never done. He, he he in jail for what he's done. But I could listen to his music because I'm listening to Robert or Kelly was doing all that bump and grind shit. Robert was in there singing. So I can listen to Rob Me too. I I just think we all just need entertain us. Anybody that's in the business, I think we all should just get our shit together. Start doing the right things. Man. If you up in age you need to, You know at least be dating nobody younger than your dog bro. Like I think that's whack that ain't, You know, but You know, no kind of people be feeling like they're untouchable and that's why they ain't where they at now.


You can't are you abuse they power And in this business it happens a lot and it gets so happening for us Black man we get punished real quicker than anybody else. But you have to be smart and, and what you doing? It's crazy out here though. What y'all saying Jack or Kelly? The goat ye had to get pissed on the way. He wild. Somebody say Kanye West got pissed on too. The way he out here acting. Yeah he's, he's talking about his daughter now. Her bowel movement. Like your daughter like 11 to 12. Why are you talking about your dog bowel movement bro? Like what did Kim do to him? I'm asking what did Kim Do to Yeah, He ain't been the same.


He got drugged by some guy in Hollywood, the gym guy And he's been like that ever since Out. And he said that and that's what people are ignored. He actually has said that he got drugged. Forget the guy's name but look into Oh Why this need to be, he needs to be in, He needs to be in jail. Yeah. By the same trainer who drugged like Michael Jackson and Whitney. Ah this, this shit need to be tested. Yes It's out and people are ignored that he actually has been coming out and saying stuff like that. I mean he's done now but sorry it can never make me go against Kanye. Damn. Yay.


That type of shit go on though. That type of shit go on in Hollywood and I ain't gonna get to say Hollywood. It can go on anywhere. When you become that, when you become elite. I feel like they, it is, they really spooky on the cool, like you could go out, you can get successful, you can get all this money but if, if you going to abide by they rules, they they they come and get you. They pay you a visit and that's like dang I just can't get money and just do my own thing and I pay my taxes. They don't work like that. You become in they eyes, you become so powerful. They try to, they gonna try to control you. And I think when Kanye West hit that what 2 billion, 3 billion mark and they just yanked Him.


Yep. And he been wild and ever since now they saying he he ain't gonna get medicine and all this type shit. Something going on. I don't know about To die. They was trying to kill Kanye. They had him on all these. Did you hear about that when they had him on all these gases or whatever? Yeah that's where I was supposed to bring up. I thought they just had him on like some what you like laughing gas type stuff They were saying Yeah but he was looking for like tanks every day reaching out to the orthodontist or whatever. Yeah that's that Lumina shit though. Like something ain't right. Like No he just knows too much. He's just Kanye, He's p That's what I'm saying.


If You know too much, You know what normally happen to us though, You know that's just the history of it and I Speak, You know That's just the history of a of a situation. But You know we moving on past that because I'm getting off that little nice shit. Shit. Yeah. Now please Just Never. But right now in the news going off right now, min Camp Shado Sanders looking hella good out there in Min camp with the Cleveland Browns. How you feel about Shado with the Cleveland Browns? How you feel about that? I'm Happy. I feel like he's in a great position and he faced that adversity but it's gonna make him better. I feel like. I'm really excited to see how that plays out.


So we all made mistakes, right, but on it up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back to the og cool rush cent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself


Man. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake-ups during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing. Even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and confidence to live life on my terms. Better Man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years Ready to take back control. Go to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the fda. A this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I always had to be so good no one could ignore me, carve my path with data and drive. But some people only see who I am on paper. The paper ceiling, the limitations from degree screens to stereotypes that are holding back over 70 million stars. Workers skilled through alternative routes rather than a bachelor's degree. It's time for skills to speak for themselves, find resources for breaking through barriers@taylorpaperceiling.org brought to you by opportunity at work and the ad council.


I mean I think he's gonna be fine. It's just Cleveland. It's just fucking Cleveland for me. Like that's where KBAs go and die now nigga and Brad Bernie co are they had drunk ass young Manzi they had. I'm gonna touch on my masseuse son Watson and ain't nothing happening. I think if they can protect your door, I think that'll be fine. I really do. But it's the Browns at the end of the day. It's the Browns. Yeah, but he has his dad. He's gonna be grounded. I feel like that He'd be grounded. But his ass gonna be grounded too because if they can't protect him, That's true.


The NFL is a whole different organization. Darn right. It is a whole different ball game too. It's a whole different ball game. I feel like it definitely, but I think that that'd be All right. You're right, it can get really tricky for him. Yes. But same with how you, how you think Cam Ward gonna do with the Titans? Good. He was the number, he was the number one pick girl. He don't really get talked about as much, much, but I'm looking forward to seeing what he do with the Tennessee Titans as as well this year. Man. You know, him and Sador are real good friends too. So it be it. I, we already know he going to start but if Sador end up starting too, that could be dope.


That could be. I think that'll be real dope man. Them two brothers starting excited that really I'm excited for football this year. Who's your Team? I mean, You know I'm a cowboy fan, You know, there's really nothing to really be psyched about with them motherfuckers. Man. I'm gonna be real. It really nothing like you a you, you, you a Barrels fan, right? No. Who? Who you with? Ravens. Oh hell. Well shit, how you feel y'all, you was right there than lost. How you feeling? Pissed. Oh shit. You ought to be more than that. Blew me. Ooh. Fire. No, I'm not gonna say Oh think though The Ravens. You know I still got Derrick hearing.


I brought it into my little homeboy from the Colorado Lata. We so got two Shout to the Ravens for that. Willa Mar willing ring with Baltimore is the question. Yes. I'm gonna say that because that's my team. But it's gonna be really hard for him. It's gonna be extremely hard for that, for that team to win because You're gonna to Deal with, they have be more discipline. They always have talent. They have dog like they have dogs, they're hungry. Everything. But they're not disciplined. Mm. They're not disciplined. Even with John Harbaugh as the coach. Mm. Yeah.


Even with him as a coach. Maybe move him around. We should start thinking about that. This is my getting rid of John. Absolutely. I just like, just Steelers getting rid of Mike to Okay. You're gonna see they're gonna keep losing him until they do something with the head coach. Hey it's been a, They don't know when to throw, when to run. They don't know what they working with. They should be a run team. They should be. They're a run team. They're a run first team. They pick and choose the oc. Yeah. Alfred coordinator. They push out another one. But it's the same stuff.


It's The well we gonna, well we gonna see what y'all do this year. I mean y'all a hell of a lot better than my Dallas Cowboys. I could tell you that. We get went out and got George Pickens from the Steelers. Let's see, I mean, You know Clea was getting double team a lot last year. Let's see if he can start getting some one-on-ones again with, You know, old Pickens being over there. He's a wild card. I say that I know a lot. My cowboy fan hitting me up, wanting me to talk about it more. He's a wild card but if, but if he ball out then he, he's gonna be looking for a big pga. So I expect to see a a, a motivated George pick this year. A player that's locked in, focused, dialed in and ready to show the world what he could do.


'cause all eyes is on him. And when you with Dallas, you, You know, all eyes on you. Whether we win or lose, y'all tuning in and watching what the Dallas Cowboys do each and every Sunday. I'm pretty sure you got some cowboy fans in your family. I guarantee you, you do yet somebody Cowboy fan or there, You know we America's team baby. We America's team. No, You don't watch Cowboy. Yeah. When they play, when they play, When they play the Ravens. Yeah. How many rings y'all got For the Ravens? Real? I dunno. Two. Yep. They're gonna win this year.


You Said that last year. I bet you you said last year. A year. Year. Yeah. I'm gonna say every year and, and fold it in the end. They have the potential every year. I think Buffalo go get there next year. Buffalo was nice. Buffalo go get there next year where It was nice too. Then they had all those injuries. Who? Detroit. Oh they was, I had them. I'm, I'm not like Okay, Detroit's too, but, and Then how you feeling about Jay and Daniels? He ran through Detroit. A young man ran through. How do, I'm gonna ask you a quick question. Okay. How do you feel about Jay and Daniels moms? Like this seems like this man can't go on no date. He can't go on no date while his mama being in the mix.


If you, how would you feel about that? If my parent was in the mix? Yeah, That wouldn't happen. Okay. It has to be boundaries. Okay. Okay. I think those are rumors if we're being honest. She came out and she said something like the media made into something. It wasn't. I was, But but I'm just asking if it was, If it was what? That she was in the way of everything. Yeah. He tried to go on a date or try to, she she, she left police all in the damn eight. No that's not right. She has To. I wouldn't have a problem with telling my mama, Hey look him I love you but this is what I love.


You gonna have to fall back. You gotta fall back. Be a man move. You gotta gotta speak up. But I don't know. 'cause women, it is tricky with women. So you, you have to have those people around you who are like guiding you through all that. But when it, it gets to the extreme when they're like, you can't do this or she's hopping in the car riding around like, nah, go, go home. Go find a Man. I get it though. You know she just only wants the best for her son. If that's true or not. I don't know. I respect that and all but me, I love my mom to do but she just can't be at where I be like, I'm sorry Dagg.


You like, I'm gonna make some mistakes nigga like let me bump my head like not to where I do some crazy stuff, but let me bump my head. Yeah. Like y'all bumped y'all head. You know what I'm saying? So let me bump my head. Yeah. Let me learn shit. Somebody say you could tell a Dallas Cowboy fan. They all ob Nais and they count they ears before the hat and do and do we a cowboy man. I, me, I look I I know we ain't gonna be shit this year but if we win our first game, I'm gonna come on back on this show and say Super Bowl against. I'm superstitious like that. I just get a good feeling that we got a chance of going into the Super Bowl and I'm not gonna let nobody get me down.


I turn my hopes up. 'cause You know I like to stay positive. I don't like to think negative at all. So I like to think that the Dallas Cowboys is going to Super Bowl. Whether it be in, in real life or on the game. We are going to Super Bowl either way. Will I go on Madden? I mean I'm going, we going to real life but we going but I guess the way I feel right now, man, SOGA beating the dog shit outta Golden State. 95, 75 up 20. Look like you're stepping away from you Golden State fans and I'm loving it. Who, who? Your goat talk to me. Basketball. Who?


Your goat LeBron. I don't, I couldn't hear, I couldn't hear you saying it James. Y'all heard what she said? Y'all heard it? It didn't be in discussion anymore. Said no dis You heard it? She said LBJ over Michael Jordan but he's still playing so they, they need something to talk about. So you got him, you got him over Jordan? Yes, With Jordan. What do you got Jordan ranked at one through five. What do you got Michael? Jordan ranked your top five. Gimme your top five. Mm I'm gonna go LeBron. Okay Kobe. Okay, I'm gonna go, Jordan Got Jordan three.


Okay. Magic Fourth. Okay. And I'm gonna go cream. Damn that's a tough list. I can't even, she got down then she gang, she got down on know one. She got down on that one. Kalo. Anthony, Katie. Who you got Katie? Katie I got, I got Katie top 10. He ain't my top 10 greatest ever.


Katie. Ain't no doubt about it. And huh? I like Katie. I wouldn't wanna play on a team with him. No. Why you don't think he's a good teammate? No I don't. Damn, I never had nobody say that before that you wouldn't wanna play with kd. Dang. You might be the first. KD nice. He's amazing. He's nice. He's amazingly actually he's one of them ones. He's definitely, yeah I should probably say when LeBron gone, KD gone on Steph gone League gonna be different.


Like KD got K got what? Two rings. Steph got four. LeBron got four. Yeah. Like I'm ready to see his, whoever player's gonna be that next level. I mean to get like I know yo has got one but if he start getting two rings, three rings, four rings, they're gonna start comparing him as the the goat. I'm, I'm just letting You know now like that's, that's where they going. They, they moving in that direction right now. If, if he get two or three rings they gonna be fine and his numbers and what he's doing, it's gonna be hard to, to dispute what they throwing out there Yeahs now.


Sure on that. It's hard to Stop him. Somebody saying Cooper flag would take over. How you feel about Cooper flag from Duke? No, think he's all hype. You don't Think you Seen what he did in March? Madness? You not impressed? No NBA different impressed Cooper flag. I think he's, he I like his drive. I'm not gonna say he gonna be gonna be a number one like type player. He might, he can be a good number three. Yeah, possibly two. He'll fit over there. I Think he could, he he could make a little noise in in the NBA for sure. If he goes to Dallas he can, he can fit over there To the Mavericks or a, that might be a good situation for him on the Cool.


That might So you got him going number one then? Yeah. You got the ma. Oh shit, But I wasn't, I mean I seen what he did in March Madness. I was expecting a little more. Yeah. Yeah. He, I, I can't debate you on that one when you seen what he did in March Madness and yeah, it is true on that one. So we'll move on from that one. You in boxing, you watch a little boxing? Yeah, some of move. You wanna see a rematch between Tank and my guy?


Yeah. Oh yeah. I, I'm Ramp Ryan got beat by Rollie. I know he got put down didn't he? Yeah, he got beat by Rollie, but When he fought Tanked that was a good fight. I think they thought Ryan should have won it. Man, that boy quit. Boy Ryan. I just is all hype. It's all about the money and boxing. I wanna see Tank fight Keyshawn, I wanna see Tank fight Devin. I wanna see Tight Fight Shakur and I think if he make those fight, he probably retire after those three fights.


But You know it comes upon a time where You know you gotta get your money but you also gotta get the fans what they want. If you wanna call yourself one of the greatest to ever do this, you have to compete. I think Bud doing the same thing right now Bud trying to get his money. Like he know his window is dwindling so he's gonna fight Canelo I think. I think he for to get like 70, 80 million from this fight with Canelo, with Bud Crawford. It's gonna be a tough fight. But I gotta ride with Bud. I I think Canelo lost to, to Laura when they fought. Y'all might not remember him. Israel Lara, I think, I just think Crawford might be a little too quick for Canelo.


Canelo is flatfooted and now he is, he is a flat footed fighter. He's a good fighter but he's flat footed I think in and out. I think Canelo, I mean Crawford gonna beat him to the punch on Georgia. I just hope Canelo going to catch him because Bud done been, You know Bud done been dazed a couple of times. So how y'all feel about that chat bug gonna lose. Somebody said Bub, I let my girl do go on my chest man what the fuck wrong with you dog? What He own some Diddy stuff. He young dig. He put he, he say damn the pee. He said he bringing Dooo to room.


Canelo just heavy man. Bru nigga said Chick B Boo on bro. Goddamn damn bro. You in some crack, you ain't start your only fans, you in a different league bro. You letting people boo on you. That's some sick shit. Free diggy. Oh man y'all going crazy. Y'all gonna be on the shade room with that free diggy. Shit. I don't understand certain people man, they get to a certain level in life and it don't even become freaky no more. It become weird. Yeah Like what's up with everybody now I'm gonna ask you this. I'm on the fi gorilla like the hundred men versus gorilla.


Like I seen that. Who Do you got winning in this outta that Gorilla? What? Go, come on. Actually I seen it was like a video or something and I forget but it was a bunch of men in there with a gorilla and lay down. They look, they keep talking about going into the jungle. They can go right in the pen right now in jailhouse. This niggas in there trying to ain't whipping that gorilla in them. No, they got too much time on their hand man. They said put a hundred mad woman in their gorilla.


That gorilla might lose due to the stress is gonna be on the, because oh my god It would be crazy man. Black women man, they always ask us what's the difference between black women and, and other, other race women. They all women at the end of the day. It just that black women like for me like you get J till a black kid. Man, shut up man. I'm talking man. They gonna say what the fuck they y'all wanna say. Don't tell me what to do. You ain't my daddy. Like it just, it could go left telling the black girl shut the fuck up.


Like like because they, they like, they be wanting to act like nigga like me and I don't get it like time to change man. Women need that. You tell her to chase yourself. Fuck up these days. She finna call you a fuck nigga. She finna get in your face and tell you everything. You know what I'm saying? Like, nah white woman, You can check. Huh? You getting checked. But that's what a lot of people need What to get checked. Yes. Hey maybe some people do but man for the most part man, I just seen some chicks like really just out in public get on their boyfriend ass.


Like literally I ain't never seen a Chinese woman in person talk shit to their husband. I ain't never saw a boyfriend. I ain't never saw her. I want to see what that would be like though. Like I wouldn't understand it. I had to pull out my phone and put it on the voice shit to understand what they saying. But I wanna hear some Chinese people going, come on your stepdad stop it dog. Stop it. Stop it Bruce. Why what he do? A steady, I'm working man. Her name is Savannah man, you just not tuning in. This is Mr. Savannah who join joining me tonight. She's a Baltimore Raven fan so let's let You know everything y'all need to know about her.


She's a Baltimore Ravens fan. She's a big Lamar Jackson fan. So we all made mistakes, right?


But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well but the fans, the grease whole thing, it turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admit it, they effed up and I bringing back the OG cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I always had to be so good no one could ignore me, carve my path with data and drive, but some people only see who I am on paper. The paper ceiling, the limitations from degree screens to stereotypes that are holding back over 70 million stars. Workers skilled through alternative routes rather than a bachelor's degree. It's time for skills to speak for themselves. Find resources for breaking through barriers@taylorpaperceiling.org Brought to you by opportunity at work and the ad council.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chapkin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about V Chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is. It's that they're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


How you feel right now, r and b, who you listening to right now? Like your go-to? Ooh, I was listening to Herb. Honestly, I've been working out a lot so I've been listening to Herb but you said r and b I'm gonna go Cism still on her album. Sizzle be jamming. Yeah. Kendrick or Drake. Drake, come on. A lot of questions are like silly to me. Like why is that even a discussion. So It it is not, it's not even a discussion honey. Yeah, like come on now. Drake over Kindred. Absolutely Them Drake fans gonna get you. I mean them Kindred fans gonna get you now.


That's fine. Do you see Anthony Evers fingers in his career out in Minnesota or do you see him moving around eventually He Gonna move around. He's gonna be, he's gonna be somewhere somewhere nice. He's gonna earn that. I feel like once you get to a certain, certain level, when you do so well in your career, you start moving it like nicer, nicer cities. Even though Giannis stayed with the Bucks for a long time, but he's like all right time for something new. Yeah, no I'm trying to see what could I picture Ant man at knowing him, knowing his style. He'll go back home to Atlanta. Just him, that's just, it's like, You know it, it probably ain't gonna have nothing to do with winging the championship if he getting one early.


But I could see Ant man going back home to the Hawks. That would be, that would, that would probably be equivalent to get mad Chad if Ant man went back home took a Hawks, that'd probably be equivalent to Michael Vick when he played with the Falcons like Ant Man Atlanta, he fucking have even more kids because he gonna be at home on the regular now he, he still be going down do that. That's why he doesn't go back. I know, but Things happening and I gonna need somebody though like gonna need that man fucker city for the culture, man for the Hawks to have somebody kind of like they had when they had Dominique Wilkins like I think that'll be awesome if an man could get back to Atlanta while he's still in his prime and eventually bring a ring to the Atlanta Hawks.


I mean I know it's, it's a long stretch but I guess my way of thinking because like I say, if youngest end up with the Spurs, that's going to shift. It's going to be a shift, a major shift. And they just say for, say Memphis can't keep Ja Wick and he end up with the Lakers Ja Wick or Lu Luca Don. Mm. What do that look like? I Can't wait to see how the Lakers are are gonna be. Actually We don't know who going be there though. That's the whole thing. Gotta stay down till you come up. Yeah, I mean, I don't know maybe honest.


Hey I like the way you sound on there though. Youngest with the Lakers like they would you think they hate the Lakers now? Youngest LeBron and Luca. I can't even say NBA finals because we have to have a sugar like one, I talk a lot of shit about the Lakers, this and that. But I know what it takes to win. You gotta have, you gotta have some sugars over there. You gotta have some people get some rebounds like you gotta have a team effort and like that's what the New York Knicks doing right now. They're they're a team. Yes. Boston a better team but the Knicks is playing like a team Con goes with your, the Cals, they are not a playoff team. Yeah. Scenario.


And the Knicks are just, man, they, they playing fabulous ball. They got a clutch player in Bronson. Yeah. And, and Bridges like fourth quarter they, they getting to it like they, they they locking in they they communicating their hands out for loose steels and they ain't turning the ball over. That's the thing in these finals I can give it credit. They're not turning the ball over. They are executing the way they're supposed to execute and Boston is out now. I hate Jason Tatum got hurt tonight. Hopefully it's not his Achilles but he is not looking too good. But that series is over. I said And like you say, somebody gotta go and it ain't gonna be Taylor, it's not gonna be Table.


I think they moving Jalen Brown. Where did he go though? Like that's the thing like do he go to the Rockets back with his old coach? Do he go down there with your dope? Jalen Brown because they might be the missing piece the Rockets need. So let's see how that works. Move around too. Katie might move around too. Katie. Oh Katie definitely ain't gonna be good. Katie will be nice on the Rockets. Key Town Productions man let me bake it. Fa Brown took the rockets. Now y'all hearing me say that I'm singing right now. Brown might end up with the Rockets


now while y'all tuning in. Y'all gotta know this show is being presented by prize picks going download my promo code trash right there with the two H prize picks. It's more or less on your favorite play over there. Like I told y'all, they doing the three pick flex $5. You can do it up to five times. You can do it up to five times a day. You got until May 31st for your three pick flex. $5 picks. Put them in. You have a chance to go into the to the championship game. They they sent me to the Rockets and the Warriors game. Courtside and y'all also have a chance to win and go to the championship game whether it be your Knicks or it be the Thunder playing one another in the final. So the championship. But go highly prospect and if you can't watch my show sometime and you only can listen, go over Apple podcast, go over Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show and boom, there I am in the mix now somebody in the chat ask me in case y'all gonna know it's part the show we do the hell no set me Samantha Bubba Live show knows If somebody ask me.


But I'm gonna ask you, would you rather jump out of a plane or fight Mike Tyson? What do you do? I'm gonna jump out of a plane. It's no way I'm getting in the ring with her. No way. No way. So you Think you got a better chance of jumping out of an airplane? Yeah. Like skydiving? No, no, no. Ain't no parachuting or nothing. Oh No. I'm getting in the ring then. I thought it would be a parachute. No parachute. Oh I'm getting ring. I'm playing nothing but defense. I mean the way he look against Jake Paul, you got a chance. You Got a chance.


You got a chance. I mean I got a chance. Yeah, the way his legs was looking. You right. I do got a chance Fat for right. Stop it man. Stop it. But damn the score 1 0 2 85 Minnesota up. Look like they're about to go up three one. Rudy Goldberg got the line right now, man. Damn. Golden State. Someone say aloe or Lululemon. I'm going Nike. They say what? Ao They're as Oh, ALO or Lululemon. Oh, Lulu. Lulu. I'm Lulu. Lulu. Yeah. I went to Lulu one time, man, my friend. I never went in there ever high as a motherfucker.


I bought a sweatsuit that hold 180 bucks. Yes. That's shit cheap for a sweatsuit for a sweat. Like a hoodie. Yeah, it was a hoodie. The pants to go with was 180 bucks and I bought some like $60 socks. I'm like bro this shit is ridiculous. This shit better last forever. It does. It'll last you for a long time man. Yeah I hope so. But they are taxed in in there. I'm surprised you got it from 180. It should have been like 300. Yeah, I got it for one egg on the cool. Yeah. Yeah. It was dope. What they say? Somebody say Mike drank Thunderbird Man y'all man, y'all here on the Thunderbird.


You seen the new movie Singers yet? Everybody been talking about it. I Seen it. This Is dope. It's amazing. Tell me different messages you can get from it. Okay, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, on. Because every time a black person or somebody go see a movie, it's the messages For me. It's man, Ain't no message in that movie. Real. It's really good. I'm not even a big movie person. I'm gonna go check it out and see what it's about. But I, I don't know about the message and stuff like that man. So you believe that somebody sweep your feet? You gonna go to jail with a broom? Okay. Okay. No, it was a deep, it was a, it was a deep movie.


I'm gonna go check it out. It, I mean it's making hella money so it gotta be a good move. Hey, y'all seen it yet? Chat. Oh my god. I went to a theater. It wasn't one black person in there. Oh really? To see Sinners. I was like, okay, this movie is big. Yeah, yeah. If if if they fall in in like that then You know it's big. So somebody say chirping putting up 1000 this year. Okay, we'll go overrated. Vampire movie. They say it's trad, It's not Singers is a must see. Okay. Okay. Suicide Rebirth. Nine. Okay, I'm gonna go see, I haven't won singing yet.


It's Tim Wilson. Five. Okay. Be beep. Stop it man. Somebody says hidden messages in there like you said as well. I'm, I'm gonna check it out. Like I ain't, It's really about your perspective. The ones who sang it's trash. So it gonna be HS or a Fire Stick Man. Fire stick. Still jumping out there. Yes. Somebody said I gotta go sit man. We, You know it is, it is black, red, it's, it is black director so I'm gonna go support it for sure. I don't know what you, what we'll see, we'll see, we'll see on that.


I don't know what was, you see the Pacers closing the series out Five or or Cals gonna win one more? No, they might as well close it out. Just like the Lakers. I was happy they just closed out one. Now they, they need to do the same thing. You Really gonna throw that up in my face like that. The likers like The Lakers. I'm a LeBron. I'm a LeBron fan but come on now. Gotta know when to let it go. You Saying you gotta know. So when you, so when you think he should retire After this year, this upcoming season? So when He retired, would bro he still be a Laker?


Yes. He's in the door. He's not going anywhere. What do he move from the ninth man to the sixth man or seventh man How you see that English? Like where you see it going next year in in the rotation with the Lakers? I don't know. Well I could see this summer I think a lot of people forget he had a heart problem too. I think a lot of people forget that. Like he really ain't really, he getting back to where he, he should have been due to that heart situation that he had. People need to show him some grace.


I mean his daddy's LeBron, they ain't going to do it man because they feel like he was given that position, You know? So they're not going to give him nothing 'cause they feel like his dad is the reason why he's in the NBA. They feel like it's other players out there that should been, You know, maybe drafted or had that position over him. But I feel like he went to the, he went to the G league, did what he did. They sold out more than they ever sold out. And he bought, like he started really like showing his skills. But once I, and one thing I'm learning in life, once people have a certain perception about you, no matter what else you do, that just, they're gonna be their perception of of Brony.


And they feel like he can't ball them and they, they gonna, he can come out and get 45. They gonna say it was luck. The refs had something to do with it. Right. They're gonna always find something to say. But I have seen him play in the regular season with the Lakers. I just seen him play. He still has to do some more development I feel like. But he'll be there I think. And I think just the whole problem with everybody else that like they like, like you just said, like he just not ready yet but he's there And I think he has every, his dad is LeBron. They're gonna put him in position. Trainers, health wise, nutrition, mentally he has to stay stay there.


Yeah. Yeah. Mentally I think he will though eventually I, I do. I like you say man, no privacy, he can't do nothing. Wherever he goes is going to be cameras. That's why I kind of applaud LeBron living in this era that he lived that, You know, growing up in times now with the cell phone and social media and for him to this, for him to been doing this this long and nothing popped up yet. Nothing. You know, I think that's, and brother he got a great PR team or whatever it is, but to not have a blemish like a scandal.


Yeah. That's why players don't want Not one scandal yet. That's why players don't wanna step in that spotlight 'cause it's a lot more that goes into it because It does. But I also hate too as a world when when we look at these players or these celebrities, we hold 'em to like, you trying to put 'em on a pedestal like they human beings like we are, they like, Like God's standard, right? Yeah. Like they like what we like, You know, and like they like, oh my god, like when Tiger Woods got caught doing all that, all he was doing was get some ass and Nike and everybody dropped him. Like I, I like, I understood he was married, I get it. But they made it like ass was a bad thing and it, it made it like he was going to jail for getting ass like they was all, I remember it, it's like Tiger Woods was a bad guy because he was getting ass and it's like y'all the reason why he was getting ass like y'all make him who he is.


Tiger. I I no I'm not knocking nobody who played golf because you gotta have talent and skills but, and y'all 24 7 on ESPN every news outlet Tiger Woods is going to sex therapy. Get get the fuck outta here gang. Y'all know I'm not lying. They tried to kill Tiger Woods behind getting ass. It wasn't no under age ass, wasn't none of that, it was just ass in America. See that's why you gotta pay attention to what you see and and what you hear sometimes because it was only ass Tiger Woods' never been the same before the scandal.


He won every goddamn time. He had that golfer. Soon as they say he got caught with trash, he gonna have 15 back surgeries. 32 Achilles son tennis surgeries. And I am lying y'all, he ain't been the same. What about Paul Pierce As a basketball player or what? What about Paul Pierce What he was doing with, but I mean he had his business. I mean, I mean that's what p that's what he supposed to do. I mean that's the American way. I mean I like Paul Pierce by the way too. You know he had that stripper juice on on live TV and knowing thing about them white folk, they ain't going to have that shit on national tv.


Y'all get that nigga ass off of them and they did and and it's Disney on. You gotta respect it. They don't, they don't. Disney don't play that like no, not on they time. And I don't think, I don't even think Paul was just realizing what was going on. I think he was just having fun live and you can't do all that pH. He's going, I think he was to his side as himself Liket. He Couldn't believe No but they're not going for that. But surprisingly the NBA has been a lot more stricter Man.


The NBA Like you can nothing. Yeah because they got all these sponsors now they can't Celebrate Because they got Coca-Cola giving them billions of dollars. So it's a business at the end of the day. No, I know. You just never know man. Yep. You gonna, I don't even know why they still got them in the gang. That shit crazy. Who Jimmy Butler right now. They still got him in the game but they getting blew out. It's crazy. That damn 1 0 8 89 right now. Six minutes left.


They still got him in the game. They need to be just trying to rest them mother for the next game. Yeah, they need to get, I guess this coffee ain't doing what for? Damn. I don't know. Tacoma got booked. I'm good fan.


Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's Back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Here. Here's the deal, we gotta set ourselves up. See, retirement is the long game. We gotta make moves and make them early set up goals. Don't worry about a setback, just save up and stack up to reach them. Let's put ourselves in the right position prey to greater thanks. Start building your retirement plan@thisispretirement.org brought to you by A A RP and the ad council.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert Amanda Mul will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I Wanna learn about V chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that, that they're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


This is Miss Savannah, everybody, she's on the show tonight. We talk with sports on the build some chemistry. You know what I'm saying? She could potentially be new host. We gonna see if y'all like her or not. Y'all gonna let me know what y'all, what y'all think about Miss Savannah let me know and we're going go from there. I I Hey, I think she knows, she knows her sports. You know we, we gonna see they asking your name on her. I told her Miss Savannah is her name. Man Savannah nor Fleet. You wanna get them to follow, give gimme your Hey guys, I do. My Instagram is Savannah nor S-A-V-A-N-N-A-H-N-O-R-F Add me on Twitter.


Hey y'all go, I'm talking sports on Twitter. You might see me putting some shots up on TikTok Left-handed? Yeah, With the left. Okay. They beat me though, but it's all good, You know what I'm saying? I almost, I almost went pro. Did you actually, Yeah, I could ball. I'm like that. You got A play then. I'm like that. Okay, let's see. Yeah, I I used to put up 45 on NBA take on NBA 2K hemo beast Down 2K two.


You can? Yeah. I ain't worth a D on 2K. I ain't gonna lie to you. I ain't, I don't be on that. Somebody say I'm lying you goddamn damn right. I'm lying on 2K. I'm a beast. You can, you can play basketball though. We can play can you? No, I could hoop. Okay. I ain't gonna make no shots but shit, I could, I could hoop like I miss my shoulder up and I just, 'cause I had, we had a show in Tacoma watch. It's funny, we talking about that. We played ball the other day and I hurt my shoulder. I can't even raise my right shoulder arm up. I only can do my left arm. I can't even raise this one up right now. Swear to god. No cap I can't raise so, Damn. What is it? Your muscle a bone or Something right here?


It's a, it's a tear. I got a tear right here. Your labor room needs to go get that checked out. What? That's your shooting hand? Yep. Well I can't shoot no damn way. It don't mean nothing. No way. Yeah and I will start shooting with my left because I can't make shit with my right. It is. Yeah we gonna stay man. We gonna, we gonna see, we gonna work man. I'm just trying to build some chemistry. Give y'all something different than seeing in my ass on here so we can bring on, You know we gonna see we're gonna work man. I appreciate you Mr. Van for coming on the show. Thanks For having me. Hey guys, y'all y'all, y'all give up for Mr. Savannah for coming on the show here. Goodnight man. On, on the bubble dub show.


Hopefully we'll be seeing her again and You know, gonna go from there. So I appreciate you for coming on to the show. You g you gave me your at, you gave me your IG right, your information right? Yeah, I'm gonna say it again though. Savannah North. S-A-V-A-N-N-A-H-N-O-R-F guys. All right guys. Go run. Go run her ig up, get a dm. Hey I saw you on the bubble dub show. Woo woo. Whatever y'all, y'all gonna do it anyway so hey just tell you bubble dub show send over to show you some love and run it up. We appreciate you for coming on. Appreciate you. Thanks for and no problem. No problem. Appreciate you.


Yeah guys trying to build some chemistry, trying to bring in a host. We gonna see whether he do or not. I'm really gonna let y'all, I'm gonna bring in another person as well and we're going to build, we're gonna see what y'all think about that as well. From there y'all let me know what y'all think that I'm always just trying to make this show better and what it is in front of y'all. I seen my ugly as every day on here we can bring somebody else in. Y'all can look at and vibe, wig and talk with just trying to get better. Just trying to add something to a show. A spice or two it shit. Y'all work with me. I'm basically going to judge this off y'all. Y'all let me know in the end it a yay or nay.


God dammit. Talk to me man. Diggy a sick motherfucker man. Diggy. Diggy a sick motherfucker. This man was watching his girl get penetrated. He was over in the background jacking off. What up fucker. What you boy you nasty Somo bitch I'm a bad boy for life. I believe your ass now you a nasty so bitch you nasty dog.


You got kids dog Biggie. You got kids dog. You had Biggie Craig Mac. Stop having that kinda money make you wanna pay another nigga that sleep with your girl. What they do that at? You think I'm going to pay another nigga to sleep with my girl when niggas doing it for free? No, ain't no God damn. I'm Gonnaa pay somebody to sleep with my girl when these niggas already doing it for free. Come on dog. And you pissing on.


Come on dog. You why Peeing on this girl and You know what And she liked it. Liked it. Why? Because she said pissy motherfucker. You see people do behind Closed door. I tell you the shit people do behind cold fucking, I done some shit behind closed door. I I seen some shit. I ain't, I seen some shit in went and done some shit. Nah man. Nah man ain't no goddamn way out.


Ain't no way out. Easy to point or a DR she said the too much going on man I don't understand this shit with Doc. I'm rooting for him the 'cause I feel like they trying to railroad him but then some of the shit he participated in, I don't fucking know. I'm a grown ass man dog. I'm not paying now another nigga not a now nickel to even be in the room with me while I'm on. Nigga please I can't be on hard around no none nickel. This nigga here don't hold on and y'all gonna be telling me y'all love. Diddy never getting hard on me.


If I'm the community I would, I would be upset with Diddy right now. I will be. If I'm the community I will be upset with Diddy. He ain't wanting to claim y'all. He ain't right. He ain't fucking right. Well I know he having fun in that cell. Diddy playing card Deucey Wild Spade. Diddy doing everything. That's Real Talk God damn. Diddy done age six years since he been in them eight months. Diddy Gray headed like a motherfucker. I thought it was Morgan Freeman earlier when they, when they, when they put the picture up. I thought it was Morgan Freeman. It it was Diddy.


They say Diddy and that motherfucker getting out got them niggas singing the Leo song. Change pus on me. Rocket for me, Rocket for me. Ooh I like your stroke. That's what they end up singing to. Diggy come slow, yay Diggy in there rocking them niggas boat baby come in Harlem them stop baby. That's what they doing. They haul them. Them kidding. They're rocking boy.


What some sick motherfucker behind closed door y'all. I told y'all man the motherfucker that y'all be looking up to is sick. They, they lemme tell y'all something man. And I can't make this up. Hey hey Diggy, Diggy is dipping that ass up every night son comes is got on my son John certain that something ging that ass. Oh come Hell nah Diggy ain't signing me for no goddamn 60 million.


Man. I'm a mans man. You don't understand I'm a man. I ain't with that funny shit now man. I'm with, I'm a man at the end of the day man. Money can't move me man. Nah bro. Hey man, hey man I'm bad. Yeah we believe you dog. I I I don't believe you, you rape nobody none of that shit. But I do believe you a freaky motherfucker boy. And that shit coming out right now and he ain't gonna be the only one Jay-Z come here. Yeah, yeah JZ come here damnit.


Yeah all this shit fucking come out all you nasty motherfuckers who going to the p Diddy party bullshitting around. That shit gonna come out on you now boy. You might as well come on out now and and get her heck of this shit because it finna get ugly. Diddy got a list and he finna talk. What? What you put Roger on the show? Fuck Roger. Roger coming on my motherfucking show. Roger going back to jail. That's where he going back to jail. That ain't coming over him putting Roger on my damn show I beat. Damn. Somebody say my ass is not for auction.


Well the talk about what did he do Fat Mo did he wanna support? You got to tell him no that's what Kat Williams said did didn't want party. You gotta tell that motherfucker no and I do mean no. Ain't that something you gotta tell a grown ass man. No bro. Like what is the fuck is you thinking it is? I don't give a damn what part time of the day is why you got your arm around me? Why you looking at my ass dog? Why you, You know what I'm saying? Why you throwing hints and shit Like come on bro. We don't real men don't play games like that bro. And and and so what I'm saying is the man that was around Deedee, y'all let him do that. Y'all let him feel comfortable to do the things that he is doing to other people.


That's all I'm saying. Like he ain't like he was just popping up doing this shit did it. Bitch like I can't believe this shit though man. And for years we heard this shit but because you can hear a lot of shit about people all the time and don't make it true but for years we always heard Diddy was a motherfucking freak and it's true man. I don't give a damn about no Barbara Lynn right now. Barbara Lynn, she want to go goddamn work but God damnit Barbara Lynn worked overtime. They her old ass at at the job did working on something new. Yeah come Meek M boy y'all out here.


Why y'all keep saying Meek Mia man? Yeah, yeah out Alicia Deep man his his specials was his fire. Good brother by the way too. He was out father after he post his diddy was out to everybody. Man gotta be careful out here in this game man. Like us men it's crazy you gotta protect yourself from other men who want to get you by like it is different trying to protect you from a woman trying to get to you but Diggy was out eating niggas in the club dog. Can you imagine in the club dancing you jigging, you looking for something You know female could take home and you look up and that nigga dig a glazing in your eye.


I like the way you looking at me daddy like like come on and You know it's some niggas who went. That's what I'm trying to tell y'all. It's some niggas that did get looked up in the eye like I want you to playboy and they went do you? And they went, You know how many niggas went home with d niggas that we think is macho man them niggas went up there, them goddamn Hollywood hills and got bent over and I dunno who was doing the bending but God damnit somebody was bending.


Tell me I'm lying. Every man ain't turned down. Dig them Motherfucks ain't turned down. If they gonna fucking niggas in jail you gonna think them niggas come out in the real world. If I could work they way around Diggy knowing dig shit it some niggas laid up Puff you can believe that ass too in the goddamn earth. Who Committ That nigga hit him with the heart them shake on they god damn ass too boy Dig wasn't bullshitting. Yeah take that, take that where you think that came from. They wasn't, they wasn't telling no woman that that one of them boys that take it Rocco.


We gonna get there one day Fat more. Somebody said Diggy had a robe on so it is funny man. But it is, it's You know it it is. You know it just jokes at the end of the day but it is. Damn bro you could have you had J-Lo my nigga you had Miss or I pick Kim Porter bro it's so nigga beautiful women out here you had dealing and you would rather go and bend over a nigga. Ah, I'm flabbergasted with this shit dog. Like you could have Tracy Ellis, raws jacket, Jackson Pops, you could pretty much any woman you want probably bro.


And you these niggas getting folded bro. Like some of our favorite people that we look up to, Diddy hagg them in awkward positions. Like I want y'all motherfuckers to think about what I'm telling y'all out here tonight. Some of our favorite people fellas, I'm talking to some of our favorite macho men that we love De to ha them in in some uncompromising positions though. That's all the fuck I'm saying to you. And they was taking it too, did it buying them nigga roll ROEs riding but they were taking that goddamn damn New York piece behind Coal Dog and they were feeding them cheesecake when he was done with why God called Biggie home.


He didn't want Biggie to see his shit. God didn't want Biggie to be around this fooling this Sean Co was going to do 'cause Biggie would've disowned him. That's why the good Lord said, come here boy, I got you. Come be with me. I got you. You gonna need to be around this devil. I think that's what it was. 'cause I don't think Biggie could, could, could, could understand or take what Diggy would be doing out here right now. Diggy getting a bananas, all that tossed in him and, and and, and, and and everything else man. Biggie wasn't for that shit man. Man I, I don't want that kinda money that well Coochie ain't enough for me no more. I don't want that kind of money. Never.


If money make me not want Coochie no more, that never I don't want it. It's all about the coochie for me. The girl Coochie, not the boy Coochie the girl Cooch Real Talk Commit. That's the Habits Barber in Five do Y Barber in five. I'm back on my A game now. Yeah, So we all made mistakes, right, but on the up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree Cool Rush is deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and other protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away you gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else, but never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chapkin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter Randall Williams and consumer spending expert Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about VI chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


You mean he coulda had Prince What you mean Prince wasn't like that? Bam. What you come over here talking about Dig. He could have had Prince no. Hey ly blouse wearing Prince wasn't like that. Prince loved ic. Somebody say dig, he give head with Hey I believe it, I believe it dog like yeah man brother Brotherly Love was doing. Some brother doing some brotherly love things with some brothers. Man I know you smiled down man.


Biggie. Biggie ain't smiling at you nigga. Biggie is not smiling at your head. Diggy never. Oh shit. Oh shit man. Hell no man. I ain't gonna let y'all loud Puff loud. Biggie, biggie ain't smiling that Puff Man check y'all talk to me man. I love y'all man. Y'all know I do but man it's Diggy been doing some sick ass shit. Like, like, like, like imagine digger inviting you old for Thanksgiving bro.


He got all male cooks with they ass with they ass our cooking. You Think you thinking that? You thinking something Grandma or something hanging them put together this meal. Digger got all meals and the cookie Thanksgiving meal with they as out. Hey man I I, IIII can't deal with this shit bro. Like eating ho but now I'm bite Swallow Chat y'all.


Hell man y'all the real comedians of chat chat y'all the real comedians man. Y'all hell man I swear to God Booie warrior Diggy. I swear to god man I haven't seen it. I can like y'all, y'all go follow up on this, on this trial and read what this guy is talking about that he did. He said Cassie, Cassie wanted him to pee on her while Diggy masturbate when he did like y'all gotta read this sick XFiles type shit that's going on. Yeah it's old for Golden State ass ugly though. It's old, it's over for Godda Curry old flat, fluffy face ass.


This about old for you boy. That man and them not bullshitting, they feela finish y off in Minnesota too. Him and funny Marco, they not bullshitting. That man finna go home right now get somebody else pregnant but all Tim was doing their thing man. Somebody say they wanna know who cleaning their piss. I don't know. Somebody said his ass tender. That shit diggy ass pink in that some bitch man Diggy ass is pink in that pen of century right now. Oh boy. I get the biggest laugh off this shit man.


How you diggy man? Damn Po B the one go it's some other motherfuckers hiding they secrets and that shit finna come out. You damn right Diggy. You can't make me believe Diggy the only one tooting his ass in the air. Like in the industry it nah he ain't Diggy ain't the only one man. It's some niggas bent on down bending knees getting off up there in them big ass houses. They got powder everywhere and these niggas getting off for a two, $3 million whatever it is. These niggas getting off. You can't tell me they ain't and Lil Wayne you out here putting your hands on women, you going to jail on No Put that girl out on Mother's Day you gonna lost your motherfucking mind.


She white too Come show you young money. God damnit better be long Money come Theya show you been with this girl over eight years. She ain't lying. She you can put your hands on too. You know better dog. You know all you Pam, you can't touch these motherfucking women. Dog white girl hurt you put her in a adult out on mother thing come then they gonna show you and I love you when you my they finna show you my girl got out car against why ain't y'all kind of allegation you Shit come on dog.


You gotta think this shit through my G and I know we ain't perfect and I know some niggas who going goddamn things on a woman. We ain't doing that. Nah we can't do that man. We gotta love our woman Real Talk. Got to love her man. We gotta protect our women man. We got to because Diggy make 'em do strange things man. And we gonna want all the women thinking the shit that Diggy doing to catch it was normal 'cause it's not normal what FA was doing. Not at all. So we gotta prioritize. We gotta, we gotta do better now. We treat our women, we really do. We we, we, we we gotta let these women know there's still some real men out here that, that, that, that that love women and and do anything to please them and protect them.


Yeah we gotta let the women know that man we ain't always out here just trying to shoot guns and just show off all day. That ain't, that ain't what we all about. It's some good men out here that You know what I'm saying? They gonna take care of business. They gonna buy eggs, buy bacon, You know what I'm saying? Buy the biscuit God and cook it and You know what I'm saying? And eat. Let's eat, let's pray. Thank you heaven. The father, there's some good men got him man. Real Talk. All you big funky boogas studs. Hope y'all motherfucker stomach hurt motherfucker. You always in somebody motherfucking woman face. God damnit y'all nosy messy and God damnit when you, when you goddamn alter nigga on your car go out.


You wanna call a nigga like me get your big ass on YouTube like we do and figure this shit out. You won't be a nigga. God damnit got act ain't one two God damn. Right and y'all got there it need more. It ain't gonna mow cell. Shaquille thought you got man put the cell phone down God Right. Yeah and your out. Yeah we need to then blow it off. Yeah then you wanna take my goddamn spot. You gonna to do what I goddamn do too. Yeah Real Talk. Go on here and and deal with the mouth all woman and all that. Yeah Nigga versus hundred stu.


Man we ain't hitting no women. We love these women man. These women. That's why these young boys growing up not not, You know what I'm saying because these women didn't want no real man in these kids life and these boys growing up to be fucking cowards. Some of y'all niggas didn't want to take care of your kids and and these boys growing up to be cowards man they're thinking they got to go and grab a gun, You know what I'm saying? You ain't got to grab that gun nigga grab 'em hands nigga. I ain't good with these either. But you gonna see me grabbing no gun trying to shoot nobody. Hell no. But if I do anything I'm gonna do with these hands I got damn I'm gonna die now. One my hands ain't built for shooting hitting it's built for down 9 1 1.


God damn right. You yeah you easy to he on me but he on them boys in blue and see what they do with your ass now when them boys in blue pull up. You niggas just scared now you big bad something you do them like you did man You know why, You know why you won't 'cause You know bad news will beat your ass home too. Yeah mama get that call three in the morning. Well we lost them. Yeah you gonna want that but you'll do me, you, you, you want my mama and them to lose me from you and when they come to the police you on your best behavior fucking cow. You a cow because if you won't do that cop how you do me?


You a cow. I'm putting my face out in the mud, smooshing it down, calling me a whole ass nigga. All this and that. Yeah nigga you D me like that nigga. It's all good. Everybody laughing. It's all good. But now nigga you got oh yeah now somebody gonna have your face dying. One them goddamn bump bees nigga Real Talk take his think that in his name might just be Sean Kaino Because I'm a bad or for life. That's my time. Y'all been great. Peace and love or mouth. The Volume. Volume, okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they pped up and are bringing the original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason it's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures, and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Here's the deal. We gotta set ourselves up. See, retirement is the long game. We gotta make moves and make them early set up goals. Don't worry about a setback, just save up and stack up to reach them. Let's put ourselves in the right position pre-game to greater things. Start building your retirement plan at. This is pretirement.org brought to you by A A RP and the Ad Council.


A lot of Times, big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four days a week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up, so now I only buy one. Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to, yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Listen to everybody's business from Bloomberg Business Week, starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.