
The Volume To the above. Oh man. Go and hit the like button. Go and hit the subscribe button right now. Go ahead. I'm waiting on y'all right now. Got me up. Still got me excited. I done brought back the throwback skit on y'all. Who? I remember that fought years Don't with me. That's what P did gonna be doing right now. Snitching. Y'all bail. I'm trying to get y'all 50 million and you mother out. I'm on Everybody LeBron.


Come on Russell. Come on Matthew mcc. Come on Nicholas Cage. Come on mother fool. Come gonna get send you your tribe. Be Cinco. De been in jail three weeks better than me. I done been home in three hours. All the evidence you got P did it. You ain't no real nigga. You ain't from the streets. Start talking. I get done. Or Kelly has some more damn charges fucking with me if I'm digging. I'm telling Don Kelly some more when he made that song with Biggie.


I'm you tonight. I'm making up all kind of story about that studio session. Biggie. Come on Biggie. You get some of this time too. I don't care about you. You gonna get this time too. Shit. Ain't no way. Biggie got all that money, got kids five kids. Shit. I'm talking went from a, went from a penthouse to the jail house. Don't make it. Make sense y'all, before I even get in the brother the love, let's talk about this game. The night the San Francisco 40 nines beat the Chaw 36 to 24 division game. Both of 'em three and three. Both of 'em stink.


Pretty look like Drew Brees though. I'm gonna give you that. But both teams stink. Let me tell you why. Starting with the sea, how Jingo Smith look just like Westley Snipes when he plague in Brooklyn. Franks tell me I'm lying. Jingo age like a motherfucker in this game. I lost turnovers sea. How? Turn the ball over and they cannot run the ball. Dk, I love you but you can't catch the motherfucking ball hitting you right in your motherfucking hands. Every Sunday you are dropping the motherfucking ball throwing, being mad. You ought be nigga catch the ball and y'all got cheated.


I you motherfucking not a fan. Better not say nothing else to me this week. Do y'all know y'all mu that punt that's supposed to be in Seattle ball but the NFL all the cameras in the motherfucking world. But they didn't have ain't stop it. You got P Diddy Angles, you got everybody else motherfucking angles but you didn't have this angle. Goodnight. Somebody talk to me. Ain't no way your N fell supposed to miss a call like that. I'm not saying that CI would've won the game but it would've but but it would've changed some things. The momentum of it though, I don't understand though.


Jingo we can pressure all night from from from Boso. They ain't putting the running back in the chip or nothing. They let that offensive lineman go with him. One-on-one he can't handle the Boal. Tell me your mine. Where's the offensive scheme? Where's the strategy? You got a chip block, somebody like that coming off that edge. They kept showing how fast he was getting off the edge Chip block that bow bow let the lineman hit him. Let the run back come through and chip block him. Give Wester stite some time in that pocket to do what he do.


DK Madcalf three catches 48 yards. PGA ain't going get it. PGA ain't gonna get it. 60 something. Russell Yards p ain't going to get it. See how I know y'all got a rookie coach? What? I don't even know his name. Ever since chewing Pete Carl gum ass on step down they brought in somebody who? Who ain't what for. Damn. I really wanted to come on here and brag about Jingo Smith brag about how he resurrected his career. But tonight he made some dumb bone head ass plays and keep running them. Bullshit ass screenplay is not working.


This is division opponent. They know your plays and you know they plays but why in the hell y'all couldn't stop him? Deebo Samuel Love him to death but he soft softer than Anthony Soft see Deebo arms nigga Straighten your ass up. Straighten up Brandon and Duke. $30 million Man three catches. Not gonna get it. I'm John Lynch, I'm at Brandon and Duke locker right now. Motherfucker two three catches. I'm giving you 30 million. You crazy. All they holding out and they ain't producing.


That's like some of you niggas right now here selling dope. Big out here selling dope 30 years, got $10,000 trash. Get your ass out them streets boy. Go get you a nine to five. Get you a CDL. Put your trucks on the road and take care of your family. You out here here throwing rocks at the penitentiary. You gonna be with Diddy at keep playing. You niggas hustling for designer clothes and cars. That's it. When you go to jail you ain't got no bail money calling me. Hey fam can You can you spot me 10,000 right quick. Never. I bet not put my money in the church paying my tithe.


I ain't got time to help you Negroes no more. Y'all don't wanna help me. When I was in jail my bail $500. Y'all motherfucker told me y'all didn't have it. Now I got a little change now and you think I'm finna give it away. Never. I will not. But I stop by and tell your baby mama what's up. You damn right. All that telling me how good a head you how good her vagina is. I'm find out nigga how bad you really wanna come home. How bad you really wanna come home baby mama gimme something. I'll bring your ass home tomorrow. I bring your ass home. No, tell your baby mama I said what's up.


She ain't gonna do nothing shit. You three more months and no shit. She gonna come find me. I'm doing you a favor. Write your baby mama right now and tell her I want some. I want the head and I want that. I want it because I'm tired of you. When you was out you were bragging to me man I'm finna go home shit And she doing this and that whole time I'm like shit I want that too because you know what I'm saying, you you ain't got me hot and bothered and I told you don't start no fire if you can't hold me down. Don't start no fire if you can't hold Doug down one, two in the division right now. Like I say both teams three and three in the division look like for Naga starting to click a little bit.


Wasn't a great game bomb overall wasn't a great game by the for Naga but they did pull it off. I will give you that but back to Seattle, back to Jingo Smith fam. You starting to age I, I'm being honest with y'all man. I want y'all to take a very good look at what I'm telling y'all. Jingo Smith look just like Snipes in Brooklyn. Fines. Go look at him. Everybody know right now Wester Snipes 62 Jingo probably what? 33 34. Look just like him. How in the hell Jingo look how in the hell Western Snipe look younger than Jingo. They stretching the shit out that man up there in Seattle. Y'all get that man a new Sam up there. Y'all feeding that man they old ass salmon give him, give him some new them same salmons that them damn blackbirds y'all got up there and now give him ne more so let rolling over in this motherfucking grave right now.


Y'all talk to me and tell me how y'all feeling man because I'm telling y'all how I'm feeling. That was a bullshit ass game tonight. You gonna know if it's gonna be on Prime. If it's gonna be on Peacock, you gonna know a sling. You gonna know what a damn game's gonna be at no more. I'm confused. Hell the players confused but I understand as a quarterback man you backed in the pocket, you getting blitz, you know what I'm saying? I'm saying you getting hit, you throw the ball and your receiver drop it. Come on man. Come on Daw. It's way the receivers talking. No this and that. It's time for the quarterbacks to start getting the knee motherfucking faces. Look here nigga. All we can practice you in my ear. Get me the ball, get me the ball and when I get you the ball drop it.


There's some shit that need to be talked about. There's some shit that need to be talked about not being talked about because the average person watched the game Jingo 30 for 52. One TD two pitch. Y'all would say oh man Jingo trash and the stats indicate that it was but he was he but he really wasn't that bad. Y'all couple of missed calls, couple drops holding like all week. Why? Why are the teams in practice? You, you practicing the plays. You not holding in practice but why you holding in the motherfucking game? You running, you running plays, you got people coming in motion but they can't set still like run your plays, run your mother fucking plays.


It's all I'm saying. They be throwing they pick. They gonna kill me on prize picks today. Mason don't pick him no mother fucking mo run. Don't pick him no mother fucking mo. They pick killers don't pick him. Don't give a damn how much they say they going do something during the week or what. Don't pick them. Donald Trump up there in Detroit talking about us brothers. Come on fam you forgot you in Detroit. Don't talking about America don't want no black president.


Stop it and you niggas still go up there and vote for him all because he gave y'all rag asses $1,200 and a PPP loan. Y'all ready to put him back in there. He don't even rock with us. Silly rabbits. Silly rabbits. I won't take no more disrespect from Trump and his people. I won't take no motherfucking more disrespect from dongle. All they wanna do is go golfing and grab women by their vaginas. That's all he wanna do. And make them bullshit as commercials. This is been, you know this is being endorsed by Don.


They fuck all that. Why my people in Detroit and Flint ain't got wrong, got clean water. Answer that when he was president. Detroit water still dirty you than my baby mama. Bad water. That damn water. The color of Galveston. I want somebody in the office that's going to make a change. That's all I'm saying. Vote for whoever you want vote, vote for. But that's some bullshit. What Trump they talking about America don't want no black friends. Come on dog. You got real black people out here that want to vote for you dog. And you go up there and say some shit like that man, you old C nine mother.


I'm working on my language y'all. Y'all see I'm trying to clean it up. I'm trying to clean it up. I'm trying to be out censored and stuff now but seeing stuff like that bothers me 'cause I was rocking with drunk and I'm rocking with Kamala but that but saying stuff like that is ignorant. It's ignorant And I want the people to watching this show, you gonna have to be black to be a nigga. You can be white and be a nigga. You can be a Mexican and be a nigga. Nigga ain't got no color. They got character until y'all realize that we gonna still be in the same position we in now. Praying for the people out there in Florida that lost they homes and dogs during the hurricane.


People losing homes. People don't wanna leave they dogs. Fuck them dogs. You gonna get your ass in some airplane or some car and get your ass away from them. Hurricane I'm staying put then you drowned. Then your family calling everybody hey we need here. We lost them. No I'll not because I told them motherfucker to come. I ain't going nowhere. It's going to pass over. It passed all right. Right on your motherfucking head. I already can't swim and you wanna wait shit we got to be more smart man. I get it man. We are stubborn. We don't wanna leave our home.


I get it. But you gotta be smart man. Them hurricanes man. They ain't bullshitting. They having to, I don't know what's going on on Florida. I don't know k Colgate black car catching on fire. I don't know what caught on fire nigga you on fentanyl. That damn fentanyl got your shit catching on fire. Bitch they ass out that door boy. They ass out that door. Boy you look bad. I ain't bullshitting you AK look bad dude. Hey y'all seen him that got skin like a snake and that car was on fire and that light hit AK way he was shed skin like a snake. Scared the shit outta me. That's when I called 9 1 1 So I ain't right with fam so I ain't right where you at?


I that's pee your shit. That's a different kind of pee on some other shit. Take care of yourself. Y'all take care of yourself. Watch what you putting in your body. I put weed, liquor and vagina in my body. That's all I put in my body. I ain't put no all that other shit. Good vagina change your motherfucking life. Good vagina will make you fall out with the people you love the most. Ask my mama, mama come to me one time baby. It's either me or her. Bye mama you get your ass away from me. I can't stay with you. You told me when I here 18 don't I come back no motherfucking more when I was 18 before I even left my mama high, my credit was the same score as my grades do you hear me?


But black people, we got it bad coming up don't we Man won't put me out already. My credit already fucked up but mama ain't shit. See why daddy left. I see now mama ain't worth damn love my mama but she ain't what for. Damn when you get 18 you getting up out this motherfucker You can want that nigga come in here and lay up and put me out. I leave. I'm taking this TV going and that PS five you got from Aarons, you finished the motherfucking notes on it. Aarons called and threatening me. We come to get that game. No you're not. I done made 75 payments on this motherfucking game. It belonged to me. I done got my name and craved on it now ain't nobody else don't want it got bubble dub on it.


Y'all talk to me, let me know how y'all feeling right now in the world right now. Talk to me, let me know how you feeling man. That's all Aaron Rogers done got your coach fired. Ain't no motherfucking way Woody, dripping ass Johnson. The owner of Jet ain't got with you and told you they fixing fire Rob. There ain't no way he ain't talking. You know that I'm, I don't like the fact that y'all blaming me mama. We ain't blaming you but you know Finn go down you know and Aaron Rogers stink. Got that man thought you stink, stink your nigga up. But y'all wanna talk about Bryce Young. Y'all gonna wanna talk about Jing Smith.


That's what y'all motherfuck Media people wanna talk about. Now let's talk about Haven. Stinking ass sick of the foolish in America. I'm sick of the foolishness that we are dealing with Iner. I'm sick of this shit. We gonna get some, we gonna get we we gonna get some straightening around this motherfucker Ride Wave album coming out. I don't give a damn that Sad ass album. Broadway make Make Funeral Home Funeral Home music and y'all know it. He jamming though. What That funeral home music. I wanna hear that sad ass shit. I'm up right now. I stay up, I'm gonna be happy.


I'm be in the mood. I wanna hear that sad ass shit. I lost my girl. So have I nigga I'm still him. My blood's still pumping nigga. Come on now. Y'all talk to me today man. Going through too much right now man. Why My real Cowboy fans. Where y'all at? We'll get to, we'll talk about Detroit in the minute. Lakers played the night beat the Bucks bro. Still over for 90. Ain't rooting for him. Buggie owe for 90 when your shit gonna change. Welcome damn robots. Elon Musk got, they need to hook him up to Bronny.


They keep defending him. We can't keep defending him now. He already on the team and it look like he ain't going to the G League. He gonna be right there with us but so since he gonna be here with us, he going to have to give us something man. He can't be going O for O for O for O for O. Your daddy the bro chain kicking the loud. How Jamal Crawford holler Hell how I don't give a damn who you hire. How solve my kids Brandon Jenkins trash ass. How are you? But you need some scoring. I'm bru James. I'm going right down there with Tmac getting the gym if I'm bro James, I'm going right down there with Tmac and getting the motherfucking G I'm going to Holly Kevin Durant book you run your your ass him and teach me some shit.


My dad can teach me everything else but I need you to teach me how to put the ball in the motherfucking basket effectively. I'm Joe Clark, I'm HNI see Ryan, you new surfing time is Bubba do. It's a new surfing time is Bubble do Coach Prime them play again this week. Watch him win Coach Prime on every motherfucking commercial in America. Him and Nick Saban. Nick Saban, you everywhere but you nigga be on that field with the Bama done lost them van built. I know you damn near die. You in Miss Saban when they lost no damn way. Alabama supposed to lose with Vanderbilt. Ain't no fucking way.


Who y'all got for Hiving right now? I got Travis Hong. I know some of y'all got Cam Ward. I get it. I ain't knocking but right now I got Travis Hong watch Coach Brown, they four in one. Watch him be five in one. Y'all said they wouldn't win three games. You lied. See what man playing. God them playing. I say what man playing God them playing y'all. You watching this show and you gotta know this show being presented by prize picks going download the number one sports fantasy app right now. Them other ams cool but they ain't this app. Use my promo code trash with the two H's man.


It's either more or less over there. Like tonight they had Jingo slate to have 250 yards. I put more, I put more. They had de seven to have more than 60 yard receiver. I put more per to have over 238 yard pass. I put more. What that mean Doug? I won. Hell that's what that mean. That's what that mean. That mean I'm going that mean I'm going to roll house and gimme some of them sweet ass rolls tomorrow. But roll house got the best rolls in a America. They got some of the best cinnamon butter that's ever known to man. Do you hear me? Them roads so good they'll make George Washington free slaves come here.


He would've freedom. It wouldn't have been Abraham Lincoln. George Washington would've free slaves if it got some of them Texas Roadhouse roads. That's all I'm saying. Girl tripping. Take her ass to road house. Put that sweet rose on them by the time you get home. She gonna be ready. If you like me and you got problem getting that thing up, don't worry it's something out there to help you rise like Jesus on the third day. Damn D What's that blue tube go get? I mean it will rise. I ain't gonna rise that good 'cause I ain't got nothing out now. But it will rise. It will rise now today. Let's get to the bigger topic that's going on today.


Man, brother p Diggy been in jail three weeks. Y'all behind sex trafficking. Y'all all this Harlem shaking all these motherfucking years. Man I want ride die. I want a girl to die. I'll leave motherfucking years man. And sex trafficking is what it is dog. I don't like beating a dead horse. I don't like doing that. Y'all need to, y'all need to give that man some kind of bond man. Y'all be letting people who kill people come home on bond. At least let Digger come home on Bond redeem itself. Let him make a couple remixes until we, you know what I'm saying because you, you know what I'm saying, you hard to seeing that brother like that.


But he deserve everything. He, he deserve it. If you out here sex trafficking, you out here putting your hands on women, you out here doing wrong. You deserve to be in jail fam. But I really feel like leg him, I gonna bond because they let other people who been murdered some and I don't bond right is right. Wrong is wrong man. But I know P did it right now. Wish somebody will bring him some motherfucking cheesecake. See when you out, when you so up man you going be, you know what I'm saying? You be so up man. You gonna be thinking about shit like this. I know he never thought his day like this would come man. The way You can treat people over the year and I ain't just talking about dig. I'm talking about all us in general talk including myself. Man. Gotta watch how you treat people man. You never going, you never know.


Very one you mistreat might be the very one you need in the end. Harvey Weinstein, he ain't a cell right now. Every night crying except to sleep. There's somebody across from looking at him jacking off to him. They want him. You gonna think the motherfucker wanna go in there and shower with Diggy. Do you hear me? Them niggas don't wanna talk to Diggy. They wanna play with Diggy who you like to play. They wanna play them niggas ain't never coming home. They wanna play with Brother Love and I think he'll love him. Only one condition you gotta have that damn Johnson Johnson baby all in the for him. Watch him do what he do. Everybody worried about did it. Did it gonna be alright. Did it where he wanna be. His name ain't, it's his name ain't it's Sean Cones in there.


Didi buying everybody's shit and everybody commissary fool in there right now man. Didi is biscuit on life. I ain't bullshitting. Didi is biscuit on life right now in that federal penitentiary. I'm bullshitting y'all. I'm not bullshitting y'all man. I'm telling y'all what God love today man. Y'all talk to me man. Get in the comment section right now and chop it up. Let's talk man. Whatever y'all wanna talk about. We're gonna talk about Cowboy playing the lines this Sunday and I only can see this shit going one way and that's the Cowboy's way and I know what you're saying. Come on, do you getting beside yourself now man you know the cowboy not Finn beat Detroit. You a liar.


Dak finna do what he do. Dak finna go out there and I'll play Jerry go. I feel it from the bottom of my heart. Digs his back because you know dig or dig them whole digs his back. Do you hear me Ferguson? I thought it was Jason Whit last week. It was Ferguson seat crying talking about feed him the ball in the red zone. Mike McCarthy Giga. Sorry slow motherfucker. The ball in the red zone. He can't do nothing with it outside of it but in the red zone Ezekiel Elliot can help us y'all because Lord know we need help. But I do feel like the Cowboys will beat the Detroit lines this Sunday. I just feel like we going to beat them 35. We're gonna put up 35 points this time.


35 to 33 Dallas Cowboys will beat the Detroit big meets lines because they mad in Detroit right now. Trump don't went up there and started all kinds of shit with them today. They mad. They ain't in their right mind. They gonna come down here to Dallas. We gonna sprinkle them. We gonna pull our ass Whooping on Detroit Eminem new album jamming with his spaghettis trash. Don't no niggas eat that motherfucker's spa Eminem got not now. Not never the apocalypse could happen. We still won't eat them. Damn Spaghettis. Ain't no season on that shit.


Seizing on them nasty dash spaghetti. Don't give a damn how good Eminem rap don't give a damn how good it rap man. Four nine had 483 total yard. CIGA had 358, third down Efficiency CI six for 15, 4 9, 5 for 12 turnovers. Y'all know what it was man. Three turnovers, none for 40 nines. Time of possession. 40 nines led 33. CIGA had ball 26 times. I mean 26 minutes. Pindi CIGA nine pindi. Man. Not gonna get it. I don't understand man. It's a sloppy ball team, ball team as head coaches.


You know you got other coaches up under you. Special team defenses. Offensive linemen, defensive linemen. Coach linebackers running back coach. Everybody gotta do they job man. It seem like everybody not doing they motherfucking job these days. Man I it gotta be hard to be a head coach and I talk shit about head coaches all the time but you gotta hold everybody accountable. You only can do so much. You gotta listen to what this coach telling you and what that coach telling you and you gotta bring it all together. It's hard being a head coach. It really is. But you got to do your motherfucking job If you is the wide receiver coach ain't no way y'all should be as a team. You shouldn't be no more than two drops a game. It shouldn't be no drops but it shouldn't be no more than two drops a game man. You got to hold your players accountable bro.


Just the ball man. We already ain't a great ball club as it is. You making the hard on already is Jingo ain't got that much time in the pocket y'all out at night man. Man ain't had that because you can't even run the ball so now you one dimensional, you can't run the ball and you can't pass protect on on the left side. Come on man. God can make it make sense. I know y'all seen win beyond the other night with Chris Paul watch what they do. I'm not saying Antonio Osberg gonna win the championship or none of that but watch what Chris Paul do for Weby Umble, just watch that pick and roll gonna be deadly. I'm looking for Weby Umble to average 30 points a game and 13 rebounds a game.


Remember I said that win umble will average 30 points this year and 13 rebounds in three blocks A game book it Chris Powell might Chris bad hamstring ass Paul ain't never worn nothing but he is what you call a true point guard. He gonna care about getting his points. He gonna care about that. He care about getting others involved with a head coach like Greg Popovich just, just watch. And I also wanna bring up Ja Wick Memphis what him and Eley about to do. It's gonna be something special down there in Memphis. There's already war going on down there. You know the Cornelius done went down there and and told every motherfucking thing that went on in that shooting with Young do. He ain't give straight drop a motherfucking chance.


Who they got out the car first? It wasn't me. It wasn't me. Oh you shooting that gun. It was my first time shooting that officer. I ain't know how to shoot that my first time using it. I was just trying to get some money boy that's a bad talking motherfucker. Shit. That's you right there, right there. That's me shooting. Who had come up beside you? Shit that with Justin Seer case O you hear me? Case oval Sad world. We live in killing people behind 800. I killing people period. Man.


But you kill a legend. Do a icon take him away from the community. Take break from his family friends. It's a shame man. $800 nigga you coulda went hung chickens and made that. We gotta be stop being so emotional man we gotta stop letting people bribe us $40,000. That's a lot of money when you ain't got it is it worth your freedom? That shit ain't worth your freedom man. You know what I'm saying? Being away from your family ain't worth that shit dog at all man. We ain't gotta make better choices man. You know what I'm saying? He Cornelius nigga somebody around him with some Goggins bro. That ain't worth that.


Nah nah hell nah. Let me be around my homeboy and he come to me telling me he want to do something to somebody. Don't you know before he leave me, the police gonna already know what he up to. Nigga I'm my hole in that conversation again. I got a conscious fam if I can prevent some shit from happening I'm gonna prevent it. Yeah I'm you seen you seen the skit before? Before the show started. I'm going prevent some shit from happening. I'm gonna prevent them. Oh man. I know time's hard out here man. But taking somebody's life ain't worth it 'cause you ain't just taking they life. You taking your life too now. Your mama finna be missing you now you kill somebody now they might want to kill one of your family members.


Man that gets how the game is. You gotta be careful out here man. Stop disrespecting your elders too man. I come from everywhere. We respect our elders. I come from an era. If I'm going into a grocery store and an older person coming in behind me, we hold a doze for 'em man. Yes ma'am. Yes sir. Where's the respect? We gonna lost respect for one another. We gonna lost respect for brothers and my sisters. Man we gonna lost that. You see somebody up man, nigga thank you all that. Who ass nigga. Nah man. Be positive man. That brother doing good for himself man. I like what you're doing bro. Keep that shit going. That's the kind of energy I like them the kind of people I wanna be around. I don't wanna be around nobody that's negative man. I don't. I wanna be around people that supporting their kids, going to them ball games and cheering them kids on helping the less fortunate people see a guy in high school or or whatever little boy at Cole and football, cold and basketball, whatever shoes.


Wraggly and you got the money. Buy him some new shoes. That's what I do. You know man I be wanting to, you know what I'm saying, give it to the mama so I can give. But I'm better than that. I'm bigger than that now. I used to would do that. That's why I don't even coach the little league football team no more 'cause I was taking advantage of them boys Mamas, I don't even do that no more. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm learning to be a beggar human being y'all. 'cause by four months ago I was stretching them girls out down through that. I'm not bullshitting, I was stretching 'em like a chi and Ari Finn run out an antelope. You want junior to play? Well you better let me lay. I was doing that enjoying myself but I was wrong. I was fucking wrong.


I won't do it no more man. I'm chilling now. I'm taking six months off before I start this shit back up. That's all I'm saying. I want beggar players. If I'm gonna be doing all that for y'all, I want beggar players. I want to win some of y'all having these little league football team, little youth football team. 10 years old. Them niggas don't even be 10. Them nigga be 15 full grown mustache and hair on they chest everything Bones develop. Nigga running 800 yards game talking about he 10. Nigga stop it. Where your birth certificate at nigga done Knock my son out the way to the other end zone and think I ain't finna run out there with my pistol nigga please.


Man they kids, that nigga grown. Do you hear me? That nigga finna get a a pension like me. Oh my grandpa favorite word pension boy. Shit boy. When I retired boy I got a hell of a pension. Old as Key is out there playing sports man. Y'all talk to me man. How y'all feeling man? Shit almost set right now man. Talking to this chick man. She trying to change me and shit. I don't like being changed so quick. Y'all like I like baby steps and shit. I was talking to this chick man. She was like I want you to stop smoking bubble.


I want you to stop eating pork. You know what I'm saying? I want you. You know what I'm saying? I want you to, I just want you to start doing better in life bub. And I want you to join me on my journey. I told Sister SBA slow your motherfuck roll baby steps with me. I already done stop stealing from the church now you want me to start stop smoking weed and stop eating pork all in one week. It's never baby stepss with me. I take your time with me. I'm a work in progress. I'm a seller. I sing every day. I don't want to but I do do I want change.


I do. I wanna be a better man. I want new meat. I do. The one I got don't work. I have to take supplements. You know what I'm saying? You should wanna be a better person too. We all do Evilness no good. Gotta be positive sometime man. Gotta be legals. Yeah, gotta be legals. Robbing, jacking. That ain't no motherfucking hustle niggas. If you robbing and stealing, that ain't no hustle dog. That ain't what it do. Find you a better hustle than that shit. People work hard for they shit and you want go out and rob and jack 'em and harm 'em for they things.


Don't do that man. Find you a better hustle. People hitting me up all day and other day man. Asking me old dumb ass questions. You think you could have did the josh Steve Irwin did? Hell no. I don't fuck with animals. I don't fuck with snakes. I don't fuck with insects. I don't fuck with none of those things y'all. I can't even swim. How in the hell I'm gonna be some kind of wild discovery guy. Hell I, how the hell I gonna do this? I better read the signs. Don't swim here alligators. If I can't read then Debbie I'm gonna jump in the water.


No I'll not. I hate going to church sometimes 'cause the preacher be like, but Jerry do you wanna read no nigga you lucky I'm him. I'm here to listen. God didn't say nothing about I need to know how to read. He say listen and seen harm hims. That's why I'm here to fall. But when I die I want a mansion robe and a crown. When I leave, fuck a mansion on earth. I got this. I want it when I leave him. Y'all fall in love with this earthy shit. Don't mean nothing gonna fall by the wayside. Don't give a damn be a gates.


Who? I don't give a damn how much money you got nigga. When you die you can't take it with you. Do you hear me? You can't take it with you be a gate tag all the money in the world and why I still listen and you niggas crying about trying to keep a holy days and you ain't got but $30. Stop it. Stop it. I'm just telling you how I feel. Y'all. These are my opinions. You got yours. I got mine. Don't fault me, don't fault me for who I like and who I dislike. 'cause I'm not faulting y'all for who y'all like and who y'all dislike.


That's all I'm saying. We all can come together and be better people. That's what we can do. We can be better people. If you watching this show, make sure You can hit the like button man. Make sure You can hit the subscribe button by now. Man. I know some of y'all be watching the show sometimes you might be at work. Can't watch it. Well You can tell you what You can listen to it though. On apple podcast and Spotify type in bubble dub. I'm popping up, popping up black candy man. Oh yeah, I'm him After every game I'm here. I'm not going no motherfucking well tomorrow I'm going live Saturday night, I'm going live Sunday. I'm going live after the Cowboy. Keep Detroit ass. Yeah, I see it.


Fuck Cry. Two tears in a bucket. Bring your ass to the stage. That's what we doing. But we could talk about whatever y'all wanna talk about. That's what this show is about. Sports and comedy. We could talk about whatever you wanna talk about, man, I don't mind. I don't care My my platform is for everybody to come over here and talk about what you want to talk about. Man. That's all I'm saying here. Talk to me know I got the trash of the day segment coming up. Trash Trash Sugar Day. Going to the NFL trash for missing that muff punk. Oh we got all the greatest equipment in New York. We don't miss calls.


You missed that one. How you motherfuckers don't have that angle. Stevie Wonder could see that shit. Steve a wonder could see that motherfucker. We got real money on these games. Don't stop playing with us as we can see. Y'all do too. Y'all know y'all know that now. We ain't the only one. They mama got money on the game too. Stop playing with us man. We ain't done, we know what's going on. We know what's going on. We know y'all steady chicken for Kansas City every motherfucking Sunday and Reid got health problem.


But y'all still letting that fat motherfucker eat hot dog and nachos. Why y'all want him to have a heart attack on the field? Because that's what's gonna happen. And Reid been four 70 pounds. 90 years ain't lost now weight at Oh, I thought he was a walrus. I thought he was outbound walrus last week when I watched Kansas City play and he was inre. You know I love Big Red but I thought he was outbound a walrus. I thought it was some rare walrus. They got leg out and and and it inre the whole damn time with clipboards. Get the shit out me. I cut TV off my kid like what was that? I don't even worry about it. Baby, close your eyes.


His damn Andy Reed like a damn artist still gonna understand in the Super Bowl. And Patrick Mahome had three, three broken ligaments in his ankle. They went in there and shot him up with that Fentanyl come back out, shot him up with Fentanyl. Yeah, some fentanyl. That y'all ain't know that shit though. Doug put your own game. I don't hiding the motherfucker out there. I couldn't feel nothing sliding. He thought he was black playing baseball. Y'all go back and watch the tape nigga. Nigga like take, couldn't even move boy. That nigga came out that second half on.


I'm not gonna let y'all lie to me. My eyes don't. My eyes ain't gonna lie to me. I know what I seen and I know y'all saw it. I know y'all saw it. Y'all talk to me man. Feeling good man. Tomorrow Friday pga. I ain't paying none of my motherfucking bills either. I'm fucking go out and have a bog this weekend. Y'all quit letting them bills. Get y'all down. Y'all know they coming. Them bills gonna come every motherfucking month and you stagger crying. Well man, I can't do nothing this week, man. I got, man, I gotta pay my card. No. Stack that money up man. Sometimes you gonna need to go out. Sometimes you need to stay your rabbit ass in the motherfucking house for two or three weeks and stack that money up.


Then You can go out and have a good time. But y'all wanna have a good time every day. Can't do that man. If you ain't making that kind of money, it ain't about how much money you make. It's what you do. What you're making. That's all. That's all. Thank y'all for watching the Bubba. Dub. Show baby. Yeah, I see y'all again when I see y'all. Peace. I'm out. The Volume. Hey, welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang Theory in young Sheldon CBS is excited to welcome back some beloved familiar folks.


I Am so glad that UNCC are here and Georgie at a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie and Mandy's first marriage Premier CBS. Thursday eight seven Central and streaming on Paramount Plus.