
It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


The Volume. What it do everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Yeah, Wednesday night. Yeah. Come here, hit that like button. Hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on. Went over on the bubble dub show baby. Yeah, that's some disturbing news today. But before I even get into it, y'all come on, don't hit the like button. Go ahead. Got some disturbing news today. Y'all got a phone call today from Roger Probation officer.


Some of y'all might know Roger. Some of y'all might not. For the one that don't know Roger. I go on. Yeah. Only God damnit I ain't got shit to hide nickel. I did that and I have no more mother fucking regrets. Either you do the crying around me. You gonna do good damn time. What It's time for Roger to come home. Y'all got a phone call today from his probation officer Roger's coming home and I ain't gonna mother thing I can do about it. Ain't nothing I can do about it at all. I don't understand it. He ain't did but seven years. He ain't did but seven motherfucking years.


Seven years. He ain't learned shit. I thought they got to break you down in the first then before they release you to see if you a changed man, that motherfucker ain't changed. Oh they giving him a ankle monitor. That ain't gonna stop. Shit. That motherfucker still gonna be breaking law. I done call every da every God judge. I know all the favors I done done for you motherfuckers but about the pervert. I call at the baseball game jacking now.


I told on him God damnit that that don't mean nothing to y'all. The thanks I get for helping, for helping, for helping my god damn community out. I get spit in the face telling me they they telling me stay safe. That's all you can motherfucking do is tell me to stay safe. Who gonna tell my kids I'm going down there to Mexico and and and that I got a new face. I got to change my whole, whole identity. Your heavenly Father, we come here today. I wanna talk to your heavenly Father. I wanna let You know that your children down here are letting dangerous people, wrong free.


And they ain't right. Heavenly Father, you want us to be safe Heavenly Father, you don't want nobody to fear nobody but you Lord. But You know I farize your Lord heavenly father. Why would you let them people release him from the jaws of a lion? I don't know. I don't know heavenly father. But I pray it's a way we can get him back in there. Send me a sign Heavenly Father. Amen. You see Roger come home. That mean I got to go. It ain't safe to be here no more me. It's not safe. So I'm gonna go to Mexico. God damn I'm going down there.


I know I'm have to get plastic surgery. So with that being said, I need some of you hoes who done got them BBLs out there? Gimme your surgery. No, I I need the best goddamn surgeon number right now. 'cause I, I, I, I got a situation. It was all funny when he was in jail but shit done got real now. Shit done got real Now y'all I got to move around. I ain't got no muscle. The whole rock. I know he gonna come home, come like everything good. Like he ain't on that with me no more. But he, I I know it. I thought I'd never see this day I thought I could keep doing these shows doing jumping on these podcasts and traveling the world doing whatever I wanna do.


'cause he wasn't gonna never come home. What shit done change now. I can't believe my heavenly follower would, would lost something like that. I know I'm gonna get him. I I, one thing show help me God. I'm gonna get him back in jail. That's where that motherfucker belong. I know something of y'all done into the pen. Come home. You learn a few things in the penitentiary but motherfucker can't make no spread like Roger, he got a bigger yo of Roger in the pen right now making the spread. That nigga called I'm a boy.


Them real spread with the toil with with the noodle cheese. With the beans in the in the Hamburg come here. That's a spread motherfucker. And the Roger, Roger and Rotten Snap years ago when I handed it to him to the police. I hand nigga to him on a plow y know how much shit, how much shit I went through. I was snitching on my own because people they want me around no more. They was scared of me. God damnit. And that's the way I wanted it. When I call a dope man and tell him I needed 3.5, I got that motherfucker for free.


I don't mind taking that stand y'all. I don't. I'm a JC piggy wearing Sue having that nickel. That's me. I be right in court. Clean dinner motherfucker. Oh Jay Doug where you gonna this morning? Shit court. You thought I was gonna church just like them people going for Easter. We'll get together in a y'all. Y'all think I'm gonna to church The way I be going to these courtrooms come go right in there. Tell they on your ass. Give a damn. I grew up with you. You could be my brother nigga. If you have committed a crime, you will do with time. I promise you another shit besides I'm dealing with that.


God ain't pleased with y'all niggas man. God ain't pleased with y'all nigga. Y'all running around here fake a fake eyelashes fake asses, fake tits. Fake fake everything. God ain't pleased with y'all fake asses. You motherfuckers ain't been to church all here but now you wanna run up there on Easter and sit on the front of nipple, you get your ass in the back with the rest of the devil. You women going wearing these short ass dresses up there in church and ain't, ain't no women don't wearing you. Women don't wear Slims no more and you can't see nothing but but but Ballish cat up under there.


You in church showing Ballish cat and you don't think I'm gonna break my focus shit I ain't heard shit. The pastor said I'm looking at the monkey. The monkey come I shit God Rock trying to get me something on church grounds because you're showing it to me. I pray for here it's you to take advantage of my opportunities. You alive. How you niggas trying to put on going get me a suit going get me a suit, I'm going to church. You ain't been going nigga you ain't been calling on now you want So say that.


Tell me now you you going be seen. Yeah seen y'all gotta stop disrespecting my heaven. The father like that going up and down and then don't wanna put no money in the church but thinking but but praying to God to bless you with a good job. No he will not. You praying to God, God bless me with a good job to bless me and then you go right to church and don't give him nothing damn fool.


You know ain't lying to Vesta. Well I got a nigga on my line name Leveta. I bet you 49 and up Lata. How you fa? I bet y'all leveta 49 ain't up. Bet you that's a old school name. Not Lata boy. Leveta whoop a nigga ass. Sylvester whoop a nigga ass on. On this Chad line. I'm not shit. You child be what's up family eggs so goddamn high for Easter. My grandma say the kids ain't Easter hunting, we hunting, we hunting rocks. Nope. Ain't no more putting that down on no good ass eggs. That shit they look luster 55.


I told you appreciate you for watching the show fa. I appreciate it from the back of my heart but ain't no Easter egg hunt this year. My kids are hunting rocks. Them God eggs going on bacon and sandwiches and cakes and pie shit they not gonna be putting no damn down on good eggs. I don't know white folks started that shit. Let's put, let's color the eggs. No let's eat the goddamn egg. Boil the egg. That's white. Those shit niggas don't boil shit with fry. With fucking fry. We ain't boiling shit like these kids reported now you boiling every goddamn thing.


The water messed up, you gotta boil the water. Fuck all that. They wasn't boiling it back then why are we boiling it now? Sick of this old new new ass shit. Sick of it man. The holds outta the line. The hold want set boundaries now. I don't know what you've been told but I got a 90 day rule. What kind of 90 day I bitch? Oh I got a 90 day rule. Well I don't have shit. No bitch. This relationship is Oh sitting in your invoice. Oh look goddamn goddamn dinners I'll buying you breakfast.


I'll buy chick and you got and shit. I want that back. We good first two, three days You don't gimme nothing clue after that God damnit time to give up the goods babe don't you over get to know me? Hell no. I like fucking strangers. I get to know you. Your relationship is oh don't wanna know you. Why I got Barbara Lynn. God damnit Barbara Lynn the best goddamn thing doesn't happen to me. That busted biscuit stomach looking motherfucker. She still got it going on.


Bob Lynn, she brought 'em Cat soups and all that shit. Everything look together when she take that shit out, that stomach unfold like busted biscuits. And guess what, I'm not gonna pick her up. Come here. I call Bob Lynn my mongoose because she be killing this poor bro. Come here, tell Knock and I and I meant what? I said when you bring your old rabbit mound juice ass over him and we ain't worried about the kids, the grandkid or nobody. Yeah. Going and put your little gold scarf on that you like put your little rollers in and I'm about to go out through On your ass. Yep. Come here.


Don't give a damn what pastor told y'all that past Sunday. It's Wednesday. Oh it's a week. Come here. Lemme grind on you. Lemme hold on you. They been bothering you at work in, don't worry about that. Come on over here with me. I'm gonna rub on your bunions. I'm gonna rub on about, come on, I'm a different type of nickel. I'm gonna go and get your car and fill it up. Barber in. That's kind of new. I'm yeah I'm gonna give you some money to put so you can put some minutes on your phone. You know your kid been trying to get you that iPhone but you don't know how to work it good. That's the way I like keep it Android. Oh that's the way I look it. I don't got time you trying to FaceTime me. I got one of them old young SLRs up in the some bitch And now you in your feelings now I don't want that.


I like the relationship the way it is between me and you. Ling. As long as you gonna change I can be when you old ass come over here, you under my rules now. I'm the big dog over here. Not you. You poor. You come over here. That ass up with your boss. Come here. I'm gonna give you what you want. I'm gonna have you going back to the house singing and hymns and songs and shit. Her son don't wanna know what done got into you God damnit. You're telling me your classmate know what he's doing. Yeah nigga I got your mama jumping off the monkey boy. Nigga.


We what it do fam. Josh. What it do? I'm dude, what's up my brother. Damn right. I'm a call a fighter. I'm not bullshitting to Johnson crew. What it do? You gotta have boundaries when people come over. Now this chick trying to tell me she trying to make a real nigga wait nine days before you could have sex. I said bitch you gonna make the, you gonna make the, the, the, the the light bill company wait 90 days before you make a payment, do you? No. Well God damnit shoulda that because right now with me your lights sogging. Right. But if you fuck up, I'll turn your lights off. Like, like on future turn off the lights.


I'm looking for shit. Sometimes we miss our blessing man. We're trying to bless somebody else. See God only blessing you but you trying to take the blessing he giving you, you trying to give to somebody else. It don't work like that. Do you hear what I said? Sometimes we miss our blessing. I trying to bless somebody else. God try to help you right now. God bless you with something and you got so much love in your heart. You want to take that blessing and give it to somebody else but the person you trying to give it to ain't worthy. Don't deserve a blessing.


Do you hear me? Just like when you get good news. Oh man I got the job. Oh that's what's up dog. That's what's up. Call that same person and tell somebody man, You know such and such and them got shot for real. God damn when what happened? Talk to me, talk to me. Now you see that they wanna talk about the evilness. They don't wanna talk about the good. See you got to learn how to stay away from people like that. You gotta learn how to stay away from people who gonna wanna grow. They don't want a mother. Some people just wanna get a hundred hundred thousand dollars. That's it. They don't nothing else. They gonna want a hundred thousand dollars with good health or none of that.


They just want a hundred thousand. I don't give a damn. If you wanted $5,000 but you wanted good health, it's growth. You got 5,000 but you got growth, you got, they gonna want growth. So stop telling people your ideas. Stop telling people your ideas. Stop telling people your next move. Papa ain't gonna let your live hand know what you is doing. Sometime it best to keep good news to yourself because you could tell that good news to evil spirit people and what you pray for, what you have gonna work out for you all because you went and ran your mouth sometime it's best to keep, keep it to yourself.


I'm being, that's how I be having even some time I be having good news. I wanna tell somebody and I tell somebody and it don't go through it like I thought it would do. So I learned to keep my mother fucking mouth close. That's how I lost one of my hoes one time I told one of my partners of mine about this chick like man, that motherfucker got that. Ooh, he went and got it for himself. Not only did he went and get it for himself, he married him. You know how I fucking feel, feel like Dumbo, I done never opened my mouth. I could still be getting what I was getting.


I thought I was being real and running my mouth. See you can't do that in this game. Sometimes you got to be fucked. Why? And good things are happening. True story. That shit happened to me man. True story. That shit happened to you boy. So from now on, I don't say a mother and thing or what about my personal shit. What I got going? I don't say shit. He no he no. Y'all talk to me though. How y'all feeling though? Kail is what it do. My guy Paperworld porn hub Lakers a five step. Y'all already know what the Lakers going to do to Minnesota. We gonna win that series in six.


I never really to talk about Lakers will beat them boys in six. Now the series I'm dying to watch and see rockets and the Warriors. That's gonna be a motherfucking matchup. I'm telling you. Rockets in the warrior, that's the one that's gonna be one fucker ages. But for Lakers never beat them boys in six telling you right now. Julius Randall, he a blown head gasket and and that's why New York let him go. Y want no reason why Julius Randall left before going ahead the time he a blown head gasket look good. But he ran hot per stashed Stick on Juli.


Julie, it's Randall you. Yeah, thermostat sticking. If all my old schools on here that got cars know what I'm talking about when I say your thermostat sticking, that's Julie's Randall.


It's true that some things change as we get older. But if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms. Not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com


Everybody ain at man. Aint man gonna do him. That man gonna shoot 10 15 threes a game. He gonna shoot him right out the motherfucker too. You let be at now that white boy a bad summer Billy. Who? Some white man can't jump. They local. Billy Ho had a gambling problem. Luca got a what? A hookah problem. Shit Luca, you need to come out with your own hookah. Remember I said at first the Luca hookah? Yeah. Yeah. He go cool Man. You already know how that shit going to be.


You already know how it's gonna be. Somebody says Cliff burn out. You damn right Klu going to burn out around this mother.


You watching this show then You know it's being presented by prize pics. Y'all right there in the right hand corner going down low using my promo code trash. Hey man, it's more or less on your favorite play over there. What you waiting on? What's some of y'all waiting on? Y'all need help trying to do this or what? Talk to me. I I got you. Do it. Notice a couple people been hitting me up and we have confirmed it. So hit that number again. 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51 So I can get y'all y'all $50 man, I got y'all. I'm a man of my words. Y'all hit that line because I know some of y'all had just signed up. Well I'm letting You know right now on the show. Go back on, hit the 8 1 8 number more. I got y'all man. I'm gonna send y'all $50. So if you're a new subscriber right now to the show and of course if you in this area for prospects, You know, if you in the area for prospects and you sign up, you put $10 in, they gonna give you 50. But I'm gonna give you 50 personally for me. So y'all go and download that for your boy man.


And if you can't watch this show, go to Apple Podcast, go to Spotify, download the bubble dub show and shit. There we is now. Now let's get back to what I was talking about earlier about church done became a fashion show. Now man, people wanna wear and people can wear what they want. Wear the Bible. Say come as you are. But y'all, you and I will know. I feel like now because you, you some of y'all, I ain't believe in God. Some of y'all don't. That's y'all business. I can't judge nobody. I don't have no heaven. No, no. Hell could put nobody in. But with that being said, man, I feel like church now man, it, it got a bad stigma on it because of certain people. That's 'cause everything on camera now man. You know you got the pastors out here buying pussy and, and, and rightfully so.


I'd rather a pastor buy some pussy than than buy some meat. I'm just, that's just me. Even though it, excuse me, it's wrong. But that's just me. That's what I would rather two wrongs. Don't make a right though. I get that. But I feel like it's a bad stigma on the church now, man. It's like man ain't nobody go to church man. They all riding and they all get stealing. Some of it. True. Some of it's not. Some pastors are legit and they doing God's word man. And we should never let the devil come in to, to make us not wanna go. If we believe in God, You know, whatever relationship we have got to serve God or pay our tithes. Now I, one thing I do agree with, and this is my motto, You know if you, if you read the Bible, if you into it, the Old Testament was 10%.


Well if we living under the New Testament, it say grace and mercy. That's why I don't understand what these pastors keep talking about. Now put your 10% again. That was Old Testament nickel. If we up under the new, why we going back on the old? So I, I understand where some of y'all be coming from with that though. Like I feel like that's game like, but that's, that's another story for another day. But I'm just talking about for me and what I see and where, where I'm from. I see people only going to church just to be seen so they can take pictures. I was at church today. Woo woo. Look at my dress. Look at my shit. That's fake to me. That's fake. You, you, you, you, you perpetrating. You hypocrite man.


I thought you supposed to go to church and hear the word man and ask God to give you your sins that we committed. I know I see him every day. I'm a sin. I'll never give up here and say I'm perfect. I'm a saint. 'cause I know I'm not. I ain't for to pretend to say I am. I'm a flaw individual. I'm gonna always be flawed. That's me. But I'm gonna always do more good than I do bad. I bet you that. I bet you that I'm gonna always do more good than I do bad. And that's the problem with some of the world right now man. A lot of people just want to do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad don't work like that. A lot of people that do bad think they getting Blessings because they got money.


Yeah. You the devil bless you with some money. Yeah but god, money make you happy. Can't sleep with the devil money. You always gotta up all night tossing and turning. Never know when it's gonna be hopeful. But when you working with the good Lord or Blessings over him, ain't nothing to worry about. Come here, come here like you men watching this show. You got some good women in your lives man. They cook for your funky ass. They take care of your kids. They ain't theirs. They they give you haircut money when you ain't have it. God damn. They suck your thing up when you don't deserve to be sucked. God damnit some of you men watching this show right now, you need to be in there hugging and kissing on your woman.


Right. Goddamn now. 'cause she shook 'cause she could have been kissing on somebody else. Nigga. Tell me your lying. I'm gonna shake this shit up tonight. Some of you niggas need to be in the living room right now kissing your old lady. Right. Goddamn Now because she could be kissing somebody else because you ain't been doing a motherfucking thing nigga. You been in the way and she stood by your side ass time. We do right by the ones that do right by us and I'm talking to myself. I ain't talking to nobody else. I'm talking to ladies.


Got a good man. Go to work and come home. You ain't the same motherfucker he that he married or with you wearing all this goddamn makeup now. All these goddamn filters, You know who you is. Don't got that more now you trying to live up to the internet. Oh. Oh shit. Fuck all that. Let the world know you really got rows. Bitch your stomach ain't flat like that. You really got rows right there boy. Let the hang out. We see them all time when you take your clothes off. We see what the world don't see. The world Think you a bad bitch but you really not.


You in outta trouble ho. It's the first squad you got five bitch what's wrong with you? I'll take it at this angle. Nah, let 'em see the real you bitch. All you nigga want. Fuck my old lady bitch. Yeah I really want this goddamn retarded motherfucker did come killed. I bet you bring this retarded motherfucker back. I bet you. I bet you they just do right by your man. He ain't beating your ass like your last belt boyfriend. Were doing God damnit. You got you nigga took you in, you and your kids.


Yeah you bitch you was outta there. That nigga came into you life. He was just working at McDonald's but he still came in and took you in. Yeah. Now he moved all the way up now he supervised now. Yeah. Big Mac. Yeah. Big Fry. Yeah. Big Sprite. Yeah. Type of Sprite. A McDonald's A charge. A goddamn I too na up. That man did that jail. So you show that man some love and respect tonight. That's in your home that's taking care of kids that ain't healed. Yeah. Yeah nigga men taking care of kids that ain't there. You real hero in my eyes man. Not no drug dealer, not nobody who made millions of dollars playing basketball. None of that. A real man to me is a nigga going to another man, family and take care of business when it ain't healed.


That's a real nigga. Real nigga take care of their kids. Real nigga. Aren thy father and thy mother to devil real. Niggas treat women with respect real nigga Treat hoes with what they are. Ho That's what we doing. Real men. You ain't gotta be your child but you going to teach 'em from right from wrong. Yeah. Up what real men doing when the real men is going to come back. Yeah. Some of these men that y'all saying y'all real, y'all not real behind cold door. Y'all fucking with them punk.


That's your and that's what you do. That's your business. But you ain't real. No you're thinking real ones. Come out and talk about it. Let the world know that this is what you like. That's what you do. My cousin, You know who he is. I you deal. Yeah but You know you come here, I'm still saying I'm still love you nigga ain't gonna change I me, You know what going on. You like them punk boy. I didn't ride through, ride through that blocks or nothing. That's one thing about them kind of people, they, they show love and respect. They don't bother nobody Don't do that boy like that man, boy love you that boy. I bought you a motherfucking car boy. Keep you drip down and design them each and every motherfucking day.


I try to get you buy some shit from TikTok. The Gucci had nine eyes on it but damnit you didn't want it. That boy come through and bought you that Gucci, you jumping up for joy. Shit. He ain't please, he know you lying in the club while I love he ho lil he Nichols. That's what you love. That's what you love boy. You don't give you all them nickels Quite. Then we go to the lounge Kiki the punk over on the other side where his shit jump. I seen y'all, I'm watching y'all look at each other across the shit.


Him, I why he just won't go ahead and tell me. Bam. Look that's what I'm in. That's I'm gonna invite the nigga over for Thanksgiving. I ain't no Hale got love for them kind of people. I'm going invite the nigga over for Thanksgiving. Bam. But you won't even bring it, bring it out to the world or no. How y'all feeling tonight? Man, I'm going through some things man. My cousin won't come out. The closet is bothering me. I I don't know if he scared or not. Y'all love him. I'm gonna joke about it but I love him nigga. Ain't that. I know You know it. This nigga got, this nigga got Jordan that Camilo Anthony ain't got.


But I know that boy got connections. I really want high. That old boy and, and whatever you doing, I appreciate it dog. My cousin ain't never been glowing like that. My cousin glowing like he pregnant. You know what I'm saying? He putting on a show man. It's so girl. No that ain't man spam and that's okay nigga all look up over here. Might what? Get him a shirt for the reunion. You know now You know what I'm saying? Like I, IM tell his mama I'm gonna tell that her junior like juniors.


She ain't gonna believe it not God shit. Nigga ain't got no job. He ain't hustling where get the fuck shit from. Yeah, you, you got I right. He baby mama wasn't lying. She all this time my cousin baby mama wasn't lying. That boy is that way. I know it. I know it. I knew. I knew it was something. I knew it. How y'all doing though man? I'm man, Friday night man. Y'all can catch me in Kansas City. Man. We the ones toward the T-Mobile singer man. It's going down man. I mean man y'all got come out to the show man, boy doing this motherfucking thing.


They got your boy going up like second to third. But that's okay man. I'm don't give a fuck what you put me at. I'm gonna do my, yeah, that's my girl. It don't matter how many motherfucker pills I take with these hold, I'm still going to give you sell me. Yeah, Saturday night just me shit. Chicago, I'm in the windy city baby. You at the wintrust of Ringer. Y'all pull up? Yeah. Going down baby. You're Chicago? Yeah and I'm bringing the police with me. Come here. I know how y'all get down up there. Yo. I pull up on your boy. Man, it's going down man. How y'all feeling tonight? Wednesday night. I know it's a little playin game tonight.


You know you can catch me in Tacoma, Washington. Megan Knight in the mega 10th at the Tacoma Comedy Club. Bragging tickets man. Yeah. Yeah. You see your boy? Yeah. Super son. Come here. I ain't, I'm hearing see Alga might get another NBA team man. That's what I'm hearing. I ain't gonna say that's what I'm hearing. I talked to Gary Peyton and that's what he told me. Man. See I will be getting another team. I don't know when, but it is definitely in the works. So, but yeah man, catch me coming to a city near you. Yeah, I'm excited baby. Y'all should be excited man. It's is. Well it is just April. It's gonna be May. Oh man. The draft in a couple what? A couple of next week, two weeks drafting a couple weeks.


I'm hearing Sha door. I might go six. I'm hearing the Saints. I might move up to the sixth spot and Brad, just what I'm hearing, I'm hearing Cam war going number one though for sure. Number two, I'm definitely hearing Travis hunger going too. But, but to shout out to all the players that getting drafted this year, man, shout out to all the players who ain't gonna get drafted but going to go on and still make a mothering team and do your thing. Shout out to everybody that out there that is just working hard period. Ain't looking for no handouts, ain't hating on nobody, ain't, ain't trying to stop. Nobody from, from, from, from succeeding in life. Shout out to y'all man. Shout to somebody who ain't shot nobody. God damn today. See if you could use the shooting people and you ain't shooting nobody today.


God damnit. Shout out to you. Don't real talk man. Too much violence going on man. Don't y'all nigga get tired of harming people. Don't y'all niggas get tired of lying. Don't y'all mommas get tired of crying. Don't you get tired of a lot of shit when stop it, fucking stop it. Y'all see that shit down here in H town, that mortuary had all these dead bodies just laying everywhere. Disrespectful mother. That's what y'all do to the dead now. I know they dead and gone but you ain't got them GG on like that y'all, we done lost our morals man.


I know some people thought it was funny, but what if it was your family member? What if your grandma or grandpa, mother, dad, they just had laying out anywhere? Man, I don't know. I don't, I don't even know what to say no more on certain stuff. Man. You know you get older, certain shit ain't funny to you no more. How, how y'all feel about that? Do man, talk to me. Somebody said my okay, sleep at night. Shout out to Lavel. Satory and Chef may pre What it do fa? Yeah man, it just, shit got the same no more man shit. Different. You can't even really do the weeds.


Y'all smoking now. You can't even gotta watch it. They putting Fentanyl on you. Man. Shit's just so dangerous these days, man. That's part of the reason why I don't want Roger coming home. It's like this motherfucker eat cereal with water. Anybody that eat cereal with with water is capable of anything. And that's what I'm screaming to the goddamn probation officer and serious with Wallace capable of anything. All that hard work I did to get my cousin in jail. So bullshit. Y'all. I I ain't feeling this shit no more, man.


I ain't safe. I know I ain't safe. Like I I know man. I can call the sheriff department today and tell 'em, man, I need motherfuckers up and down my block expeditiously like scared till I can figure some shit out man. Because I know, I know, I know that boy, that that boy gonna be after me man. And he, he ain't learn, listen now he ain't have no OG in there to, to really school him like he ain't have no old school there. Like, hey bro, what, what, what went on in the outside world? Man, let that go when you come home. Like I know Roger really want to do something to me, man. Like I know that's why I'm I'm, I'm gonna set some bag up for him. Yeah, I know, I know he miss it.


Yeah. Yeah, I know he ain't gonna like the outside word. It different. He can't control. You know what I'm yeah, I I'm gonna get him, I'm gonna set some bagel up for that nigga though because I know he come home for a couple days, gonna lay low and then he gonna want to get back in the streets and when that nigga get back in the streets, I'm gonna get him back in his cell. That's what I'm gonna do. Damn right. I'm gonna Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna get that nigga. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He going back to jail. He can leave. That motherfucker need to be in the free world. Hell no. He was, he was born to be in jail. Tell to my people in Memphis, man, my security guard at, they ain't gonna be able to handle Roger and his crew. You know what I'm saying? So Yeah.


I'm gonna get him one by one. Go. I'm gonna get them niggas back in jail one by one. He gonna start losing crew member after motherfucking crew member to the police department. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna start setting them niggas up. Damn right, because Roger been gone a minute and, and and, and he was on power where he went. So I'm gonna make sure he gets some Greg a motherfucking powder too and right up his goddamn nose. When he do he gonna start slipping. That's that. That's what I'm gonna give him. Oh's more than one way skin Cat. Y'all do gonna be all right. This done came to me. Now I'm give that nigga some Greg a motherfucking power. Come here.


China White. That's what he getting. Straight China white. Yeah. Roger Trapman, Roger Rabbit. Roger Trapman cousin Roger legacy PI love it Omar. I love it man. Gotta be careful out here man. It's a lot going on out here in the world, man. Oh, there's a lot going on. Watch your surroundings. Watch your people. Watch the people that say they love you. Watch 'em too. Watch everybody man. Watch your girl. Yeah. Watch your girl, man. She say she's trying to lose weight, but the bitch still snacking. Do you hear me? She say she's trying to lose weight, but she's steady snacking. Watch everybody, man. Yeah.


Believe that. Thank y'all for tuning in. Tonight's show, man. Peace and love and best amount The Volume.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.