
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover Out now, all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean, the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas, September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt, Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin Hand More Stream, live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult Literacy Center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council,


The volume. Welcome to the show. I'm your host, Bubba Dub. Everybody. I got a legend in the building, man. Michael Irvin, the Hall of Famer. AKA Playmaker, AKA my dad, because damn, that's what y'all be saying. This man is my daddy, man. Welcome to the show everybody. Hey, how You feeling, Mike? I I I'm feeling great man. I'm feeling great and, and and I love that, that, that we're doing this show right here at Playmakers and I'm looking out at this audience, man. And this is, this is the beautiful group right here. We, we, we, we've got a beautiful group right here in Playmaker.


So I, I'm feeling great, man. That's good. Let's go on and dive into it, man. What my cowboy fans have. Y'all make some noise while we, we gotta Be in the building. This is Cowboy Haven right here. Most Definitely Is. That's what this is. Make no mistake about it. When I first got here, I told everybody in the building, I told 'em all. I said, we ain't selling, you know, we, we, we not a bar, not even a restaurant. What we are in the business of is the Dallas Damn Cowboys. That's the first thing I told everybody. We are in the business of the Dallas Cowboys Most damn. So that's Don Historic out for this season right here. Mike, what you expecting from the Cowboys this season? What you expecting?


Well, when we get our guys in Camp And, we gotta get our guys in camp. And I know the, the, the, and I want everybody to understand this is the game they play with our emotions all the time. I, I've been on the other side of this, you know, the great player in the owner and they'll fight all day. They'll fight all night and the deal won't get done until the slipper falls off Cinderella and the, and, and the carriage turns back into a pumpkin. But the deal will get done For sure. It'll Be late, it'll be great. But the deal will get done. And when we get our guys back in camp, I'm expecting the, the another good season.


That means you'll go 12 and five, you know, at worst, 11 and six or ten seven. But you'll get in the playoffs. Now what we do, that's the question when we get in the playoffs Before we get to the playoffs like that, that features is, is up in the air right now with a, with a new contract looming. What, what, what does contract situation does to players at this time? Whether they don't know if they're gonna be here or not, what does that do? The psyche of a Player, right? And, and, and that's, you know, that's a great way to ask a question. And that's what people do on tv and I'm not, I'm there all the time. I have to deal with it, you know what I mean? Because you said that future's up in the air.


That future ain't up in the air. Man that got so much money, man. He already got so much money for sure. He finishing up $160 million deal and he going on to get another one. So, so, so, so the hyperbole that we use on TV stains the brain in a way. But the reality is that future not up in there, he's going to be with the Cowboys at least this year for sure. And, and Dallas will figure something out and to try to keep 'em long term. Unless the only way they will not do it is if Trey Lance is doing some incredible things in practice and you are saying, man, we gotta get this dude on the football field. What Have you seen from Trey Lance so far?


Well, I, I haven't seen enough to say anything about moving back. I'm just giving y'all knowledge to get ahead of the game. So you, you're not just following the game. But the reality is, no, I Dak Prescott is our quarterback man. And, and And we need, we need to make sure he's on the football Field. I'm glad you said that 'cause you also have fans in the Naser saying, well if Dak don't want to be there, then let him go. No. Stop saying that bullshit because Trey Lance, ain't it Not right now. Right now. Like I don't see no other quarterback right now that can come in and lead the, the Dallas Cowboy besides Dak. So, well, Well there's a lot in there. There's a lot in that. It really is guys.


And, and And, we might as well prepare for that kind of a season. 'cause there's a lot in that, you know, Dak is right now the best option we have if we are ever going to talk about getting those things that I have. Yeah, the rings, that's what you're talking about, right Mike? No, no, no, no, no. I ain't talking about the ring. I'm talking about the rings. Yeah, you got three. But Joe, I tell people I'm an s brother. Everything I've done, I won championships on every level on level. You put a s in it and then when you I do, you won ring no rings, so you know, I'm a ass brother. So Yes, yes. Now, now in order to be to win championships, it takes something different.


It takes something special. You gotta have a deep bond. It's not that we don't have the players with the skill. Our fault and our shortcomings have been, they don't have the collective will. You see, and that's why we've come up short. We need somehow some way for those dudes to get that collective will to match their skill and, and, and then we can get some things done. Well that's the thing you just said rings, we haven't won since you won. And and that's the problem right now that we having as cowboy fans, as Cowboy Nation, we've been far over the, you know, last 25 years over the three rings that y'all won and the timeframe that y'all won.


So what I'm saying is you got D right now know, then you got cd, we haven't paid him. Then you got Michael Parson, we got three components. Remember it was Aman, Emmett and you. And that's the way I look at it now with Dak CD and Michael Parson. You have to take care of those guys. What are we waiting on to take care of those guys and go and handle business? And, and, and that's a great segue to what, what, what, what we should be talking about anyway, the reality is those top three guys are incredible athletes, man. Incredible players, incredible players. But in order for us to do something, especially they all, they, they have to come together. Correct. Because they're going to be the top of the spear.


You know, to this day people ask all the time about my relationship with Troy or my relationship with them, and we're best of, to this day, we're still great friends. We've never had any kinda discourse or anything having any falling outs, you know what I mean? Because we, we know the kind of bond it takes to do great things to win championships. You are going to be tested in your deepest will and and And. if you are not together on that, then some, some things are you're not going to succeed. Correct. You're not going to succeed. And those three guys, man, so gifted and so talented and in great areas, in the areas we need, we need to move that ball through the air And. we need somebody to get to that damn quarterback And.


we got it, we got it. I just need them to get it together. They, they, they'll get their money. I'm talking about get the, collect the wheels together and let's get some championships around here, man, because I I, I'm tired of people talking about Kansas City and too all these other teams and San Francisco and, and, and not talking about the Dallas Cowboys like, like they should be. Wait, well, you know, I played receiver too, right? You know that right? Oh Yeah, yeah. I know. I Was good until I got hit so hard. Got shit on myself, Mike Y Yeah, yeah, I know. I, IIII, I saw plenty of guys just like that, Just like that. I used to tell my lady, man, like every year they drafted a new receiver, you know, and bad boys man in camp, man, they used to draft these dudes.


I would call my lady, say, Hey, get out of the mall baby. Stop spending. They got this bad dude over here, what you do fast. And then we put on the pass and they throw the ball and that ball beat the dude up. I call him back, I said, you can spend as much as you want. We good. You see what I mean? Because there were a lot of guys that, that, that, that has all the physical skillset, but when it comes to it, the courage ain't right. And, and, and, and they, they they did what you did. What made you a play maker, though? You wasn't the fastest, you know, you wasn't the greatest runner ever, but you a hall of famer. That, that, that means something. Like what made you the playmaker? You know what's so funny? The game I, I got that nickname when I got to University of Miami.


Jimmy was, Jimmy was talking about in a meeting, we need some new Playmakers. We had just lost two top receivers. Eddie Brown, who was all pro and Stanley Shakespeare, both guys had left. And, and, and I'll never forget, right, I was watching film one day and Jimmy walked by and Jimmy said, Michael, he said, everybody's wondering what is Miami going to do at Wide Receiver? He said, wait till I show him Michael Irvin. And he walked off. He said, he just walked off. I said, coach, I ain't gonna let you down. Like he yelled me, right, right here, right. Oh my God, man. The next day we went to practice, I was still hyped.


I was whooping Negroes buddy practice talking much noise. And then Winston Moss, I was just a freshman. Winston Moss there, boy, there was a playmaker right there. And for, from that point on, they, they've always called me. They, they just called it the playmaker. It stuck, it stuck because Jimmy was talking about prior that we need Playmakers. We had lost those great receivers. And then, you know, I had that practice and it stuck That first Super Bowl run y'all had, what was that like that year Out of all the things that God has allowed me to experience? And I've had many great peaks and some low valleys. Dude, I'll tell you this, nothing's greater, nothing's greater than winning that first Super Bowl.


Nothing. 'cause you gotta track back just a little bit in history. When we were, I I, I came here from Miami, man, I played three years in Miami. I graduated early with my degree in business back then, just FYI, in order to go to the league early, you had to graduate. But I, but I also got a chance to control the draft since I was only a junior and I graduated. No, you should Mark, I'm done. If a team didn't, if a team drafted me, I could drop a class and they would lose the draft pick and I could apply for a supplemental draft. So I wanted to come to Dallas, green Bay pick called me with the seventh pick.


I was like, no dog, I ain't leaving Miami for Green Bay. No, no, no. So, so, so Dallas. Dallas never called and Dallas didn't need to call because Jimmy, I swear to you guys, Jimmy had told me like two weeks before the draft, Michael, I'm gonna just let you know Dallas is going to draft you. Then don't be trying none of that old trick shit. I said, what do you mean coach? He said, I'm coming a year after you. He said, I got a Oreo buddy of mine who's going to buy the Cowboys. I'll be there next year. So Dallas didn't even call, they just drafted me.


And then when I got drafted here, everybody thought I was, I don't know the antichrist. 'cause you know, I had Oman earing and the big rope and Tom, Tom Landry had never drafted, you know, like me For sure. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm gonna leave that word blank. Yeah. But you know. Yeah. So it's funny you say that, that Jimmy told you his or friend, which is Jerry Jones. Jerry Jones. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, he told me that before. And, and I was like, y okay coach. And, and I'm gonna tell You'all this too now, my first year here, oh, I was undefeated in high school and then only lost like two games at Miami in my three years.


But when I came here And, we, boy, we went out in that first game against Pittsburgh. I scored a touchdown. But then, then they scored, they scored, they scored, they scored, of course we got killed. And I was in the locker room crying like a baby. And everybody kept walking up to me talking about, man, we don't do that in the pros. You gotta pick up that check. Dude. I was so hurt. 'cause my, the whole idea of what I thought the NFL was just got shattered, you know? And, and, and I'll never forget the next year when Jimmy came, I told on every one of them jokers, I told Jimmy, all of 'em have to go. These guys have to go. And, and, and, and, and he got rid of them. And And, we slowly started turning around.


What was it like when Jimmy got there? Like you say, the first year Jimmy wasn't third. What changed when Jimmy Johnson got there? Well, he, well it it was Tom, Tom Landry had been a great coach, correct? For a long time. And they had done great things here and, and a lot of the players had had great success, but they were on the back end, they would've back in. And when you have that kind of success, you have a great bond. And it was hard for him to let some of those great players go. And, but we needed an infusion of talent and an infusion of speed. And Jimmy brought that, you know what I mean? When, when, You know, when you had eight men, when you had Emmett and you had yourself, when did you know like we got something special.


Okay. The first year we went, won in 15. And, and I cried after every game. I said this, this, this going, this is horrible. The second year we got Troy, because I said, all I need is a quarterback, And. we got Troy. We only won one game that year. Won three the first year, three to 31 the second year. Now once we got Troy though, I, I saw something. 'cause you know, he, it it's not just the physical skillset, it's how you see defeat feel. Yeah. That will determine how successful you will be. You know, my first year, the guys that I was, I was with, they didn't see defeat. Right now when Troy came, Troy came and, and And, we won one game and I'm watching him, it hurt him as much as it hurt me.


So now you got the makings of something. Next year we get in and we're able to take off. We just had to make sure, once we get that nucleus of this is who we are, this is what we, what we will be, then we gotta make sure any and everybody that comes to us, And, we and is on this team, adhere to that. Or you gotta kick rocks. How important. Yeah. When you say that, Emmy, how important is the run game? It was everything. When we got Emmy, I, and I remember I had played Emon in Miami. When Miami and he was at Florida. We beat him down. I mean, we, we killed him. Yeah. But he was the bright spot for that team.


And then when you see e when you see e it don't look like he's really running. Yeah. And dude, e would not EE would be in meetings, Sleep Like that. Just like that sleep. I'm like, he go, wake up man, wake up. Wake up. Right? And, and, and he'll be knocked out and come Sunday, that joker rush for 200 yards. I said, how did he do that next week? He, I told him, leave him alone. Let that man sleep. Whatever he doing he needs to do. He was a different dude dog. He had what you call hit balance. No matter how you hit him, he was going to land back on his feet and keep running.


He was phenomenal man. Was it, was it ever a time you have to go to eight men or the coach and say, just give me the down ball? Dude. It, it is funny. You say eight men, the coach and you know, I'm gonna assume you're talking about the head coach and that that's totally off limits. Whoa. To me, the head coach or Troy Eggman, I can't not go ever go after those are the head guys. And, we have to have order now. I'm going to be, since we're sitting amongst family for sure. Totally real here. What I think I, you know, I wanted, I made sure that the quarterback had that power.


When I'm in the locker room, I gotta make sure that the quarterback has that power. And even if he made a bad throw, I'm going to go to him and say, that's on me. I got it. I'll get the ball. Don't worry about it. I got it. My concerns here with this team is, I don't know if that's so true with, with with this team and, and, and the autonomy and the power they should be giving back Prescott. You know what I mean? He's, he certainly earned it all for sure. He certainly earned it all. But in that playoff game, when I watched that first play, I think that missed cd and then it looked like CD didn't want to even talk to him anymore, Dude.


That, that, that was, that that kind of stuff is out bounds. You know what I mean? You can't do that and expect to have wins or expect to win in games like that. That's what I'm talking about. The collective will. So, so you gotta understand, you gotta make the quarterback feels like no matter what, well who's the leader? Who's The leader on the Dallas Cowboys to go to a CGE and say, you know, Hey, hey, I know you didn't get the ball. I know he miss you on that one, but you know, let's, let's keep it together. Well, and Dak D's a great leader and Dak was trying, he was trying and you know, you all, I guess they didn't, they never really got together and certainly didn't get together on the game.


Dak was trying, he was trying, but, but we, they as a team, you have to recognize and understand we have to have order. And he's the quarterback, that's the head coach. Nobody, nobody questions that. 'cause they're trying to put us in position to win. We have to have order. And that's just the bottom line. You think Zeke gonna be able to help us out this Season? Yeah, I do think Zeke, because Zeke brings help brings about that order we're talking about. Absolutely. That's, I told people years ago, a couple years ago, we shouldn't have gotten rid of Zeke. But no, everybody was worried about the money he was making, not the presence he was presenting. And Zeke being the force. You can't be a NFL team without any, without a hammer.


Last year we, we, we were NFL team with no hammer and you, you're not going to win things without a hammer. What was your dislikes from last year team? Some things that you saw in, in the team last year that you didn't like? That that was my biggest dislike. That when the times that you got a lineup and be able to say, dude, one yard games on the line, dude, one inch games on the line. We had no ability to lay a hammer in that situation. Is it? I know we want to put the players, but can, can we put the blame on the coaches as well?


Well, the coach supposed to be illegal. Right? And at times it looked like Mike McCarthy is not illegal at times it look like he's lost. Well guys, the league has changed now. You know, Jimmy, Jimmy years that Jimmy coach, it was head coach by Dominion over. Now the times that Mike McCarthy is coaching is head coach by partnership. You know, Jimmy was scared the hell outta you. Like you gonna never play again and you ain't going anywhere and all of that. You had to do whatever. Yeah. But now these guys, you're getting $150 million guaranteed. I can't cut you. So I gotta feel a way to partnership with you.


I gotta try to bring the best outta you using a different method because fear and control can't be used anymore because you can't be cut. That makes sense. Is the anger player in the game right now remind you of yourself? No, ain't none of them jokes that bad, But they Okay. You know what I'm saying? They, okay. I, and I hear it all the time when people talk about their top tens and all of that and they'll say all these other jokers, I ain't got no issue with it. I say, I say it like this, I'll give it to Jerry Rice, but as soon as you finish with the Ian Rice, you better start with the m and Michael. Ooh.


You know what I mean? And I only played half the time, but last count we had the same number of rings. You know what I'm saying? I only played nine. He had 18, but we still got three rings. Correct. Correct. You get what I'm saying? So yeah, it's all good. If you played right now in today's time, what would your stats look like right now in this league? Right now in this passing league? I, I wouldn't, dude, they'll have Michael. Irvin and then they will have illegal. That's just it. No illegal then illegal because the way they throwing the ball, you can't even hit anybody until after they catch the ball. Correct. I majored in taking the hit and trading the, I traded the concussion for the reception.


That's what I was saying to brothers, dude, I'm willing to trade the concussion for the reception. So when it, when whenever someone knows it's going to hurt you, it'll hurt them as much as it hurt you when they hit you and you talk about your trade, the concussion for them, they don't even want to hit you no more. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. They only so, so yeah. It, it, it is different right now, man. And that's all good. That's all good. It's, it is just a different game For sure. Nah, let's, let's, let's go a little step further. How was it making the transition from the NFL to a broadcast? Like what was that transition like? Well, I, I've always expected to do exactly that, that that's why my degree in those three years I majored in business management in the organization and my, my minors were in communication.


So I've always wanted to transition into talking about the game, but not only talking about the game, I want you to grasp the depth of it. It's how do I use the game to try to inspire, you know, give inspiration and motivation to other people. That's the beauty of it. Because the game is so, so, so, so applicable to life in, in football. Like, like, like in basketball, individual isolated success. LeBron can take the ball and dunk it from one, take it on one rim and dunk it on the other. He does it all by himself. Or you can stand at home, play and slap a home, run all by yourself and golf, you stand on the 18, you drop a puck all by yourself is individual isolated success.


That's nowhere in anything to do with football. Do you have any individual isolated success and truth be known ain't nowhere in anything that we all do in life. Rather, it's organizations, companies, corporations, and certainly the most important thing, family, where you will have individual isolated success. It's going to require you working with others. So I can take all the ins and outs of football to help you in your daily life. Party.


Fiber, cement, siding, handles, conditions that can cause damage to vinyl. From fire to hail hardy siding stands tall through it all. Helping trade professionals look their best when they recommend Hardy Siding and Trim. See the proof@jameshardy.com.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York, who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean, the guy hood winked everyone. He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santo's personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like, what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like, why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage. Dream Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap. Rocky, don't Big Sean Camila Cabell, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stephan Halsey, er Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend. Thomas Red Victoria Monet, A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate, they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the Ad council.


What has football done For You in your life? You mean besides getting me out that hill hole of a ghetto in Miami for sure when I was 15 or 17 kids. And we ain't had nothing. Yeah, that, you know what I mean? It, it, it, it, it really has done everything though, you know, outside of move and my family from one, from one place to another, you know what I mean? And, and and, and doing all of that now, dude, lemme tell you, I got, I have probably five summer homes in Florida. Literally about five summer homes in Florida. I just got some of the Negroes living in all of them.


They won't leave. They've been living for free since 1988. You know, because that's what family does. You know what I mean? So, so, so what it has done for not just me, but being able to give my family a different kinda life. It, it, it, it's what what what it really is. You know, my sister bought me, I, I remember a pair of sneakers from Kmart and, and you know, they tho they were back in the day where they used to have a big basket in the middle of Kmart and the shoes just tied together and they throw 'em over. You had to go find your size and you know, a dollar 99. Yeah. And I'll never forget I played basketball.


I slid all over the court in them, but she bought 'em. And, and then the day I got dragged, she looked at me. So remember them shoes, boy you gotta buy me a house. And I was like, you know, but I did get her a house. You know, so, so, so that, that's what football has done. It's given me the opportunity to give my family a better life. I'm dealing with that now. As you know, people see you, you know me becoming successful now. I got a lot of family members that, Yeah, family Ain't never really had two words to say to me, Hey. Yeah. And now they got all these things they want. Hey fam, can you do this and that and me never, I'm not doing shit.


Yeah. Because they ain't never done nothing for you. Where was y'all at when I was, you know, struggling and really coming from the bottom, trying to get to where I'm getting to now. Y'all wasn't there Now y'all want to be around when we popping champagne and all that. You can watch it on tv. Damn sure ain't gonna watch it here in person with me. I I couldn't do it. Yeah, that's family though. That's family. I mean, God Almighty is family and, and, and, and you know, truth me out, the white players don't have to deal with that. But why is that? They just let them get they money and go, no way they can get all their money and go, they, they family don't bother them. But our family will bother us. And it is just what it is, man. Because they figure they came through with you.


Like my family said, man, I was there with you. You know? So like the Bible says, I suffered with you, I should reign with you. Let me get some of this. And, and, and you know, I, I I say okay to that. That's cool. I, I I respect that Mike. But like I say, man, yes, you know, like you say, man, family is everything. But also we, we know as well, family can be your worst downfall as well If you're not careful, if you're not careful. But, but anyone can be a hard downfall. That's why the Bible says be careful not to connect with people that you are unequally yolked one thing or the other will happen. Either you are going to pull them up or they, or they're going to pull you down.


So, so you just gotta remain. It's not the connection, but you gotta make sure that you are always pulling up and don't let them pull down. For sure. Now that you retired, I mean, how does it feel to be a hall of famer? 'cause not many players be able to put on this gold jacket that we see here. I mean, so millions of players, thousands of players done played the game of football, but only a few Yeah. Has got this jersey, I mean this, this, this gold jacket right here. How does that feel? Dude, and I, and I just guys, I, I just wore a jacket in here 'cause I leave tomorrow for the Hall of Fame and we'll have that first game with, with Chicago and, and the Texans. So I'm so excited for the season and, and everything.


But, but honestly, going to the Hall of Fame, I go every year. It's the greatest honor in the world for me. 'cause I get to see through the, the guys that I watch play the game, they're still arguing about games. They're still arguing about who, who, who filed, who held who and who did what to who. So, so you could see the love is never going to leave. Yeah. You know, when I see the guys that are much older than me and they still have the passion about arguing about a play that happened so long ago, I was like, oh, okay, all right. You, you, you don't ever lose that. And, and, and that's what I love.


I love going to honor those guys. That's why even in my restaurant right here, I put the, I put the ring of honor above the bar. You know what I mean? You, we, we can't ever get anywhere and do anything great unless we're honoring the grace that come before us. That means we've allowed them to set the mark for what we should be doing. And if they're up there setting the mark, then we got nowhere to go but up there also. So we have to honor that. I'm finna put you on the spot, Mike, gimme your top five greatest receivers ever. Boy, that's a good question, man. And, and, and, and I, I, I play with it like this since there's such a variance in what is required, considered on the great off on the different offense.


I'll give it to you like this. I'll give you my top five most inspire. The guys that inspired me the most. And, and, and the guys that I, that that helped me pull to where I am the most. And I will put number one, be Jerry Rice. I mean he was in my locker in college and in my locker in the NFL. You make no mistake about it. Now, I lost my father. My, my my junior year going into my senior year of high school. My father never really watched me play, never watched me play. But I grew up watching the Dallas Cowboys with my father. And every time Clutch would make a play, he would always look at me and say, that's how you play, son.


That's how you play. Clutch was what we called Drew Pearson. He was clutch. He said, that's how you play. That's clutch. That's clutch. Then he called the hell Mary. And you know, he gave me, oh, Mary God and all that. But, but, but every catch that I made in the NFL for the Dallas Cowboys and it was just Apropo, I was wearing 88 since my father never watched me play, I would always think about the reaction he had to a play that Drew Pearson made. You know what I mean? When Drew made a catch, I was, and I would put that in my head every time I made a play.


So, you know, I I, of course I would put Drew Pearson in there. I remember early on getting a chance to, to, to work out with Jim Kelly and Andre Reed. I remember him for the Buffalo Bills. Dude, Dude, I was, I was just a young buck in college. Boy, I thought I was it boy. Andre Reed and Jim Kelly. That was everything, man. To work out with those dudes. So I gotta throw, I put Andre Reed up in there. I I warned him an eight in high school for Kellen Winslow. And he's a tight end, but I gotta put him in there as a pass catcher. I'll put him in there, you know? And since I always wanted to run fast or I never could, damn, I gotta throw Tyreek Hill.


Could you imagine if I could run like Tyreek Hill do, I would've won four straight national championships. What? Three, since I only played three years, I was in national championship game and at least, at least six straight championships in, in the pros. So I, I gotta put that kind of speed in there. What do you think defensive back, go through trying to defend Tyreek Hill right Now? It, it's impossible. I, I built my game on understanding the angles of games and all of those things. So, so, so now you put that knowledge with speed, you, you're done. You know what I mean? Tyreek Hill has such speed. I I I never had the speed. I'm going to beat you on the angle and I'm gonna beat you with this big body.


You just can't get around them and get the ball. But that what makes you great. You, you know, because we live in the, no, we live in the world now. It's Ali by speed. 4, 2 4. It's 4 3 4, right? Right. That's, but that's because they can't hit you. See, so now those guys were there when we were playing, but they could hit you to separate you from the ball. So they, they limit just like you put that dooo in your pants. Yeah, big. They, They were putting doodoo in their pants. So now that they, they can't hit like that, there ain't no more doodoo in the pants. And so that speed become dangerous, man. That speed become dangerous. And, and yeah, I understand. That's why people want it. When, when you looked at your calendar as a cowboy player, what, what, what team you, you know, you didn't like the most?


Like, you know what I'm, I'm, you know, I'm, I know I got a dog fight on my hand. Well, well it started out, dude, when I first got here, now y'all remember it was, it was cowboys and red skin that I don't, I don't want nobody, well, you can't cancel me. Nah man, the red skin the best damn come out. I saying damn dead. We'll say Dead Skin. And those were the best dog, those cowboy red skin games that were real dog. And then it was LL Green the first year. Lemme tell you, the first year I played and ll I was like, man, LL green, he's going play. Me and Del Green came out that said, oh my God, they putting LL Green on me. Right? He small though. And, and, and, and I went, man, I went off, I had a hundred, what, six yards.


I know you, you small one 60 yard. But, but, but I tell everybody I caught, I think I caught two touchdowns, a 1 66 yards or something in that game. I always say that. But LL Green got heard early on, that was really on somebody else. You know what I mean? I beat down some other joker. Dale got hurt early, right? It it, dude. But then I did get a chance to have some pretty good games against Dale Green. And he was the man in the league at that time. He was the Dion Sanders of the National Football League. And in that time, you know, we had prison mentality. You go on the yard, you beat the baddest man on the yard, you become the baddest man on the yard. How Was those battles with prime time?


Not only were you play the against, but you also had to play with him and practice against him as well. What was those battles like? I'm gonna tell you, you know what's funny too, in true, true to form is the dudes that I battled against are my best friends. Now. I I I, I lie you not like Anias Williams. And I always say to get my gold rings, I went through Gold jackets because I got followed on the whole football field by S Williams, rod Woodson's, Dale Green, Dion Cut, Champ Bay. He Get left off the list a lot. Rod Woods was one of them ones. He's one of what He, one of them ones like his name don't come up enough, Right? Rob, bad boy, man.


But now the baddest man in the world was Dion Sand. For Sure. Don't fool nobody, don't fool yourself on it. It, it was, it was Dion D's baddest man in the world. But all of those boys were bad boys right there, man. All, all of them. And they all great friends. I go to Washington and speak with Darl Green right now. And when I go, I stayed at his house, I went to Del Green, I stayed at his house and, and he, I said, man, where am I sleeping? He said, man, you gonna sleep over here? He put me in a bedroom in the basement over the bed. This is a true story on the top of the joker's bed. He got a picture of him intercepting a ball in front of me. I said, Darryl, I don't ever remember this happening.


He talking me. No dog, no, my, my students painted that. That ain't no real. I said, I know it ain't real because it never happened. Darry. But, you know, but he, he, he's my best friend, man. I I, I love De I love Dion. That's, that's my boy. You go to my room right here, you'll see many pictures of me and Dion. It's amazing. The guys that I battled the hardest against. Now we seem to be the best friends. That's, that's dope. That's, that's dope, Mike. I respect that a lot. But fast forward to now, man, you know, becoming an entrepreneur now, man, like, what's life like after football? Dude, life, life is my, my, in my life is all I, I've been blessed dude.


I mean, I worked for the NFL maybe some pretty good money since 19. He did. Oh for sure. Yeah. For a long time. You know, made some evils. I don't know how, how I stayed in so long. I just don't know how I saw some good man fall by the wayside, you know what I'm saying? But somehow God just kept me up there man. So, so that, it's been a great world for me, man. It's been a great, because I, I'm just a peer football player. There's nothing to it with, with, without football. I would be, yeah. Not in a good place, you know what I mean? I'm just a peer football player man.


So, so I, I I'm thankful that I had that opportunity to have that kind of career on the field and, and, and then off the field. I mean, I won championships, like I said, at every level that I played. And then I left the school and one, and, and got me a broadcasting Emmy saying, okay, you were bad over here too. You know what I'm saying? So when I look back over it, the history, I I, I have written, I I'm pretty proud of. And the reason why I bring that up 'cause we are right here today filming at, at, at your spot, you know, Playmakers 88, you know, it's a great field, great atmosphere. Like you said, you can put the ring thing over the bar, ring a thing over the bar.


And because in times today's time, we see a lot of players when they retire, they don't know how to transition. They going to know what the next step is and Right. And, you know, I was just a reason why I was bringing it up, you know, is any kind of encouragement you could give of them or anything. Yeah. But, but the hard part, all of them have, and the hard part is you can you be determined, can you, can, can you dedicate yourself and it takes that to make it to the NFL. Now we are so used to having our lives scheduled up all the time. It's all scheduled. So this way, this way when we leave football, now we gotta figure out how do we schedule up our life.


And, and, and that's where guys fell, you know? So I, I like to even try to help guys find out what they're passionate about. You may not be as passionate about as football, but it'll give you something that you can focus on and direct yourself to. Like in the out season when football was over, what, what were, what was you doing in off season? What were you like? What? Like, dude, when I was playing, I was crazy man. Jimmy used to tell, you know, the season ended in February if we won a Super Bowl. And so that means, and my birthday was March 5th, right? So to me I had about a month to wild the hell out and Jimmy would always say, Hey y'all get away from a football, go have a blast.


I say, you better believe it coach. Right? For about that month, about that month, boy woo boy, hey boy, you Going down through that? Hey, walk 10 toes down while I was out there, boy, I ain't gonna lie to you. I was out there and, and I would always throw my last party on my birthday, right? Wilding out March 5th that last day. And then March 6th I'm back to training. Yeah, back to training. Boy it was, you know, yeah, yeah. That was always, ooh, I can't even talk about them stories. Alright. Yeah. Those were good days. Well, hey Mike, this is part of the show. When we do the hell no segment, I'm gonna ask you a couple questions and you can give us hell no.


Okay, I got You. Okay. Do you eat mushrooms? Oh hell no. No sir. Rebar. But I wanna say this, I really don't. And, and my boy, rj, he said to me, let me make you something. And he made a mushroom burger. He made a burger, put some dude the burger that was, it was a great burger. I said, you gotta make sure you put that burger on the menu, you know what I'm saying? And I've never eaten mushrooms, never. I just can't take that, that sliming like mm mm no, y'all know what? I can't take it in my mouth. So no, that Shit gets nasty. Period. Do you ever nasty, do you ever see yourself being an NFL head coach? Hell no.


Why Not? Not that I couldn't do it. I would be an excellent head coach, an excellent head coach. But the more I whoop your ass, the more you going to dig into mine, you know, dig into mine, you gonna dig into my pants and you gonna be bringing that stuff up. And I just, I don't want you to break all that up. So I'm gonna say, man, see Dion tell you he's perfect for it. Dion's perfect for it, you know, never drink, never smoke, don't do anything. They can dig all they want, they want find anything speaking. Yeah. I I don't want them dead bodies to start rising again. I don't need it. No. Speaking of Coach Prime, I just left him. He gave me a gym. He told me something, he pulled me to the side.


He said, look brother Dub where you from? A lot of the people, a lot of people not gonna see who you become. They only see you who you used to be. Yeah. And Real deal. That Stuck with me when, when he told me that it, it, it made sense. No matter what you go and do in life right. To certain people, you only gonna be this certain person. They only gonna see you this certain way. So like you say, when you left Miami back, you know where you was and go to the NFL and do good. They only still, some people only just see you as just Mike, this guy who come from the struggle or, or this, that and the third. How did you juggle that coming from your upbringing into Fame and Money Time And I used to talk about that all the time.


Dionne called him time. We used to talk about that all the time. And, and And we talked about sometimes even looking at it on the other side, you know, why do they do that? Not just that it happens, but why do they do it? And, and And we surmises this like sometimes people for their own sake and their own sanity have to say, oh man, you just, that dude that grew, I grew up with because they look and, and they, they may be in conflict 'cause they didn't do it. So the only way they can make peace with where they are is is to remind 'em, dude, you just like me. You know, you nobody special. You know that kind of stuff.


So, so, so IIII understand it. I don't take to it, you know what I mean? Because it is what it is. It's most of the time the mentality that keep us where we are. Well we, if we can raise our mentality, we can raise our reality. Correct. That's, that's for real. So yeah, we, we talk, we used to talk about that all the time. So you still go back home and try to encourage, you know, you going to deal with them brothers, I'll laugh with them and then try to lift them up and share with them later about, come on man. You know what I mean? Don't, don't hate on her brother, you got, you got something in you. Let's go get it and try to pull it outta you. But yeah, that a lot of times it's just the only way they can make peace with themselves.


Do you, when you say that, do you do, do you be brutally honest with people when they ask you certain things about them? Hey man, do you think I can do this and that? Do you be brutally honest with 'em? Well, I'm, I'm going to be honest now, my delivery, I'm going to deliver it in a way that hopefully I'm going to be most effective. You know, I'm a communicator. I understand the greatest gift, the gift of communication is not just the words that I put, it's also how the one that is receiving those words received. So I wanna make sure that I'm educated on both sides of it, you know, so I wanna deliver something good for you, something good to you.


But I, I have to make sure I know how I'm delivering it so it can be good for you and good to you. So yeah, I, I monitor not just what I say but also how I say it. 'cause I wanna be most effective. I reason why I asked that. 'cause I have a lot of people hitting me up all the time telling me they want to be comedians, right? Like true story. I had my pastor, I had my pastor hit me up, tell me he want to be a comedian. I said, nigga, stop. Ain't nothing about you funny, bro. Like what makes you want to be a comedian now, man? Right, right. I know you can deliver the word, but you can't deliver the jokes. Like, let's be reasonable. Don't get on here lying saying God call. You could tell jokes or you know, right.


Like Right. But I don't know, I don't know anybody that don't think they're funny. Everybody think they, That's what I'm saying. It's just your level of funny ain't going to get you no money. You see what I'm saying? Your level of funny or get you some money. His level of funny won't get him any money. But he thinks he's funny For sure until they gig Stage. Everybody didn't think they funny Until they gig on the stage until and they got the people in front of him. Whole different thing. And then the people say, yeah, and then most, most people think that just wasn't the right audience before. They think they're not funny. They say they're gonna lie too. But then like you say, when they get into the audience that they want, it's the same thing every time.


Like people understand bigger standup comedians one of the hardest thing in the world to do because you have to entertain people however long you on stage. You have to entertain people, people speak, they hard earned money. They want to laugh, right? And, and this business, with the internet world going on, if you go out there and do a show and you bummed it's going viral, they going to post it. They going to show everybody, look, this guy ain't what y'all think he is. So I feel like being a stand comedian is one of the hardest things that you could ever do. Correct. Man. And, we, because think about it, you don't even know the audience that's coming in. You know what I mean? You gotta, you don't know if your jokes going vibe with the audience that you got coming in. And so you see a different audience then you have to adjust your jokes if they, you know what I mean?


That ain't no easy thing to do on, on, on the fly. So, so you gotta connect. Yeah. That, that is that that I, I wouldn't want the job I want, but in every, in every genre now you got entertain. Correct. You know, it used to be even in the business that you are entering now, sports analysis, sports broadcasting, it used to be about delivering information. You know what I mean? But the reality is we get all the information on these very things we call a smartphone. And, and, and so now you have to make sure in order to hold people, you have to entertain people. Then you try to educate people and you hope to edify people.


I got in an argument with someone one time on TV about the Duke, Stephen, a Stephen A. Smith said to me one day, I said, man, I we, our job is to entertain, educate and edify. He said, wait a minute, you messed up. Educate and edify means the same thing. It's how big to differ. Educate means I gather knowledge, I gain knowledge. Edification means the knowledge I gather made me a better person. You see what I'm saying? So that's what I'm talking about the depth of the conversation. This Is part of the show where we're gonna pass the microphone around. Y'all can ask any questions that you want to ask. I don't give a damn what it is. Ask it. We going to answer it the best way we can. And once again, from me and Mike, we want to thank y'all personally for coming out and hanging with us tonight.


Man. Hello. My name is Kea Jackson. Nice To meet You. Nice to meet you also. Nice to meet you Ms. Jackson. Nice to meet you. You also, Sir Ms. Jackson? I am. I am. Okay. I'm gonna, I know You know, You talk to her. Okay. So first of all, thank you for the invite. Thank you for all that you've done within the DFW community. My question is about financial literacy as well as generational wealth. Me being a mother of A NFL player, eight years veteran, shout out to Jayla Mills Green Goblin. So my question is, what is it that you think that we need to do as a community to continue generational wealth?


And I'm not like with the n is it NIL? NIL Now college players are allowed to receive funds, right? So I think that that's great, but are we teaching them about generational wealth? What do you think that we should do as parents to make sure that our children are not just out here wilding out, you know, depleting their funds and then not in the NFL anymore, and no longer have those funds to subside that income or lifestyle that they've been accustomed to. So you as Michael Irving who has created that for your family, what advice would you give to us as parents with upcoming athletes on how to make sure that they are not just spending their money, but making sure that it is being generated to make sure they have generational Wealth?


That's a great question. That's my question. That's a great question. It's something all our seriously we struggle with. We struggle with now. It, it's so amazing. I, I said before, my, my major is business. You have to understand business. There's a reason we call money currency because money truly to have a strong economy must flow. I'm going to go a little left on this. We, we hear places like what they call a Korean town. Everybody in the Korean town is being successful because they keep the money in the community, right?


Money flows in that community. All the businesses are doing well. The people in the community are doing well. 'cause money is flowing. They have jobs, they're working, they're spending money in the community. Money's flowing. So that Korean town is prosperous. You can have a China town, same thing. They're making money, jobs, everything. Money is flowing. Money is flowing, money is flowing. So that means that's a prosperous community. When we all get together, we don't spend in the same community. We make money, take it outside the community so the money really doesn't flow. So we don't have those great communities because we are not spending with each other.


You ask about passing down generational wealth. I attend conferences and speak with financial guys that are in charge of families with billions and billions of dollars. And they take time to speak to the kids of those families about the wealth that they're going to be coming into when they're kids, when they're kids. So these families have been doing this for generations, most of us. Most of us. And I was kidding earlier, I said, man, white players don't have to deal with this. White players don't have to deal with that. I I was jokingly serious because they really don't. But the reality is they don't because their family has been in that cycle that you're asking me about.


We are the first to put our families in that cycle now, right? You see what I mean? So now when we get that wealth, we have to make sure, since I'm going to spend it with my family, I gotta make sure they understand that wealth. I'm just going to tell you I'm not going to be that joker. You know what I mean? The reality, like everything I make, I don't make it. It goes to the micro, it goes to the Irving Dynasty trust every down Irving Dynasty trust. You're not going hit me with taxes. You're not going hit me with death taxes. Death taxes. Because the dynasty trust is all of my family members.


So when I pass on, they'll become another conservator who would be my, my, my oldest daughter. But I'm not, you're not going to drag out or death taxes and take away half of my estate. You're not going to hit me every time I give my mother some money. If I give my mother five a thousand, it's too easy numbers. If I give her a thousand dollars and my tax bracket is way up there, that's like giving her $1,500. But if I give her within this trust that a thousand dollars, then I can present to her the tax papers that she can pay it at her tax rate, right? Which is a lot less than 50% or 40. You see what I'm saying? So, so, so, so now it's just not what I make, it's how I dispense what I make.


This is what we have to go, this is what we have to understand in order to create what you are talking about, generational wealth. Or all we are going to do is leave money to somebody that's going run through it, right? I refuse to do that, Right? So, okay, so one more question. So I think even with you saying trust, I don't think a lot of people understand when you reach a certain stature in life as far as your finances about creating trust. Like I understand that Creating a trust, but Most people don't understand. Right? Right, right. So can you just elaborate on that just a little bit More me? Well, a trust protects me against crazies, Right?


It Does. Now lemme tell you guys something. You remember, unfortunately, I'll use a horrific event to explain something here. You remember all of the OJ Simpson stuff, and then the Goldmans sued OJ Simpson, excuse me. They sued OJ Simpson and they won. So they're able to take everything he has, but they couldn't get that $45,000 a month. He got a 35, whatever he got every month, month. Oh, they tiesman trophy because, because, so they got the gel. They couldn't phone, they didn't get the i he hid it, but that's okay. But they, but they also, they didn't get thehy, but they couldn't break that trust, right?


They couldn't stop that $40,000 a month he got away because he put it in the trust. Trust. It protects you against all things and everything. And And, we gotta get that kind of financial literacy right going on in our community to understand those kinds of things so that we can be successful. We make, we make the money, we come, we're the most creative people in the world. We come, we come up with great ideas. We put the TVs in the back of headset at risk, but we don't understand the reality of putting a patent on things before we start putting on Instagram and showing everybody.


And then the other man steals it and he says he puts a patent on it and it becomes, we put the holes in the roof of the car to put lice through, but then Rose War took it to put a patent on it and they're making all the money with it. This is the difference between winning and losing and us. We have all the ability to create it. We just don't know how to solidify it.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York, who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you Can. I mean, the guy who'd winked everyone, He Was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like, what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story? My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap Rocky, big Sean Camila cabal, doji Cat Dua Lipa, when Stephan Halsey Poser sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet, A special performance by Coldplay Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have, I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate, they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Okay? Hey ma'am, you say your son's in NFL. He is. Tell him to start put this trust in holes. Oh, he has it? No, Mike gotta trick this shit back. And I know you want his best interest, but the man got a trust in me. Hold, I'm Glad he said that. So my son is married, they Kill me. If I said something like that, Kevin, I shook somebody head at, so how you doing? You understand? I'm why do I call you? Why do I call you ply mic?


Go on with that. He now, when I first got here, I had this car and, and you couldn't put the whole word playmaker on it. And it was a little BMW man M three first thing y'all, first time you Texas ever saw chrome rims and I didn't even put any tin on windows. And you had that fight, you had that fight with Ricky Dixon. Right, right, right, right. I did. I did. I did. I I did, I did. You had a fight with him. Right. And on my tag it said ply maker because I couldn't put play maker all to take all the words. And he always called me that the plow Micah. So Mike, so you just spoke on something about the trust, but I didn't know, and I, I'm a rookie, I walk in the locker room and Gene Upshaw walks in.


He's the leader of the N-F-L-P-A. And so we don't know about the CBA, which is the collective bargaining agreement. Gene Upshaw walked in that building. Right? What happened? Well, what Gene was, this is the first time they were introducing the salary cap. Exactly. This is the first time they were introducing the salary cap. I, as I said to you guys prior, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a peer football player. I understood what they were doing and I don't know that all of my teammates understood what they were doing. We did, we did not. And I said, here's the gist of what they're doing. I said, they're asking now to, in order to pay one player, I gotta ticket from the other.


But now us in the locker room, we gotta have a bond. But each man is going to be hearing well, in order to pay my curb and I'm gonna take money from you, you, you, you, you and the middleman was going get, and I said, the middle man's going to lose in this deal. The middle man's gonna lose. And I said, gene, that's fucked up. Yeah, I said's fucked up. That's not right. You're not being right. And Mike was butt naked and walked up the stairs. Well, I wasn't butt naked when I walked in, but I did show him my ass when I walked out, you know what I mean? Because I told them I, my job was to build champion and I gotta build men together and you just made my job more difficult because now I gotta take from one man to pay another.


And that man cares about his family and he wants to feed his family and he's going to here that I had to take his money to give to you and I gotta be in a huddle with that man. It was fucked up the whole premise of what he gave. That was just the reality. And my other brothers didn't understand it, but I spread the Matthew, mark, Luke, and John for all the math, just the gospel spell for all. And they got it. For Sure. So Bubba, do, you were saying you played football and, and you was like heading towards earlier along the lines of like, what you trying to say that you could hold on? You saying, because I hold The Hall of Fame with Michael River.


Well, I mean you was, you was living along the lines. You, I at this age, there was something that you were stand trying to say Because I hold my word. Can you at this age right now? Today. Oh, right now. Hell yeah. Yeah, you go Yeah, yeah, Absolutely. You got a shot right now. You got a shot right now? Right Now. Knees ain't having it, ain't having it. I'm gonna Tell y'all a story, man. I played cornerback in high school. Cut you off. I was small. I'm be honest with you g. You ain't holding up today right Now. Shit. At all. At all. It ain't happen. Hey, hey look at his arms nigga. Look like it's sporting arms ain't Never beat no damn body Technique.


And these legs, these knees ain't going for it right now. No. See these knees ain't going for it boy. I used to mess with jokers when I was playing right. And the, I said man, you, I used to see brothers. I said, y'all just lifting weight. Them muscles ain't functional. That's what I used to say. Them jokers because they want to be just curling Little. I said, nigga, nigga, you ain't function, you just got muscle. But now I'm that dude. I think a better question Would be like they ain't functional like that. You know what I mean? Them knees can't move like that. Don't Y'all should do a pros verse, Don, you you think you'd be in basketball maybe? Yeah, Pro Yeah.


PROEs or something because I ain't gonna lie y and I'm just looking at y'all on the couch, you know, look at his arms. Look, I'm good for about five minutes, but I get that look Back at my system. I'm good for about 30. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's all good. B that's all good be. But let me be, now listen man, you, you say you played wide receiver. Yeah, you played some receiver too. That, that, that's that thing right there. You, you said it, you gotta, when you gotta catch that ball and you know them jokers are hollow every third down in three four, they said watch Michael Irv on the slant. You knew they were going to hit you. It's just a matter of can you go get that ball And you know, this hit is coming.


That's the different thing in the NFLI from now. Before I wasn't getting the boy were hitting two goddamn hard. They were here for real. Got Ease up on that goddamn sl. Yeah, yeah. Don't blame. Lemme tell you something. I swear to you guys, every time they called the Slan rider, I was scared, but I would always line up and, and the thought that would come to my head was like, nigga, you either run this slant or you run back to the ghetto. And then I was like, hey, Run that slant for Sure. I bust their ass on that slant for sure. After that. I ain't going back to that ghetto. Oh, but what you got mama? Hi, my name is Crystal. I'm from Grand Prairie Bubble Dub. I'm a huge fan. Michael Irvin my husband down there.


He's a huge fan of yours and the Cowboys. My question is to you bub, Doug, how are you feeling? I saw your post earlier today at about Burger King. So I wanted to know how you feeling tonight? Tonight? Oh yeah, Mike, man, I went to Burger King, man, I shit for 12 hours. Oh yeah, man. I'm man I, man I recommend I, I'm telling y'all people right now, don't go to Burger King after 1:00 PM for my stomach. Still fucked up. I'm glad I'm here now I can get some good food here. Playmaker at eight Burger King. I need to word the pens. Hey boy. That's funny dog. What you got brother? Talk to us, man.


We got Kevin Samuels. I thought you were dead man. Man Alive in this motherfucker. He look clean dog. Any clean? What's up? Looking Like that, first Of all, like that old pimp. Shout Out to you brother. Man. How You doing brother? So my name's June Smith. I'm from Lafayette, Louisiana. I drove five and a half hours to be here today. I appreciate it. I'm a United States veteran desert, a storm. And earlier you touched on something that touched my heart, Michael. And you, I just want to ask, with your platform, do you plan on addressing the issues for us veterans, we get healthcare, but we don't get dental care.


Right? You know, there's, and the system is so slow. We do not have any celebrities like you and Bubba Dove or anyone really advocating for us. So my question to you is, can you please need to reach out to some more people that you are connected with to get them involved, to get this ball rolling? Because not only the mental aspect of it, but there's also the physical aspect of it. We are losing veterans on a high average more than we ever did.


Can you speak to that a little bit? My man, my man. First of all, we all, we all owe everyone that has served a great, Great debt of gratitude. We, we, we can't repay it. It's impossible to repay. I I I, I have never had, I had no intentions of getting into this business. But the reality is when, when someone jumps in your battle, you have to jump in their battle. You guys jump in the battle and fought for us, the lives that we live, this obsession that we have with sports and then being able to enjoy it is all under the comfort of your covering.


And then when you come back from serving and protecting us and giving us that covering the treatment we give is just absolutely unacceptable. Oh, we talk a good game with our mouth game, but we deliver. They're not with our reality. And that is so sad, man. And, we all, we all here in Americas should be ashamed of it. We should. That's the one thing I don't care a lot of things And, we can talk about how great this country is that we have failed in for sure. And servicing our service men. The Bible says those that serve us all are the greatest of us all. You put down yourself for everybody else, man.


That is biblical and, and spiritual. IIII apologize for what we have done. I apologize for what we have done. Me personally as, as being a man here in America. Man, you know, a lot of our women, we go out here and, and they try to choose the men with celebrities or men with money are dope dealers. And when that na and truly, I feel like you ho should be choosing these veterans, these veterans need to be taken care of in a very special way. This is true More than anything else. And you saying, you know, the hoes should, I'm saying the hoes, if any hoes in, They, they looking for someone that can be solid with It.


You're The only one that Understand for, for anybody Federal. Right? And because you know, He know how to fight for, they have to go The, the VA meetings and These doctors And they gonna get to see the doctor Take To a real head doctor, Because I can take that, I can take that. He done take it a whole nother place with me, but I can take it Today. What you got brother? What you got for? Hello, my name's Michael. I had a question about you playing against dbs. Did you like any schemes or to avoid schemes or any dbs DBS you wanted to play against or not play against? Well, man, I I I was, I was, I was, I felt I was different in my attack of players.


I, I, my, my mindset was always if I want to beat a player, I'll attack his weakness. If I want to break a player, I'm gonna attack his strength. So any player that I played don't or that I had to play twice, I'm going to go ahead and attack your strength. So if you are a physical player, I may be, I be able to out quick. You, if I'm only play you once a year, but I'm gonna play you twice a year and you think you physical, I'm going to be out physical. So you have nowhere to run. I had a methodology about how I attacked everybody I played against to assure my victory. Not just today, but tomorrow in forevermore.


What you got, brother? All Right, Mike, we talked a little earlier. You are my favorite. Dez is my second and CD is my third. Now all 80 eights. See the first 88 I went around so I can't really speak on him. Right. But My question is not for you, it's for you Bubba, when did you become a Dallas Cowboy fan and what made you become a Dallas Cowboy fan? I always bring a Dallas Cowboy fan. My whole family been a Dallas Cowboy fan. I remember having posters on my wall of Michael Irvin, Troy Aman Emmitt Smith. I always been a Dallas Cowboy fan.


Like I say, I would say 1992. What made you, what made you Winning? God, everybody. They winning. They're Winning, right? Everybody want to be associated with winning. The Cowboys was wing. I'm from Texas and you know, everybody's going for the cowboy man who don't wanna be a cowboy fan, period. You who don't want fucking be a cowboy fan. What part of Texas are you from? I'm from Alto, Texas. I'm from East Texas. I'm a, I'm a I'm I'm a East Texas baby man. Oh yeah. Ain't shift up a red dirt Alto. I'm Oh yeah, I Appreci you.


In regards to how society is today with social media, what advice do you have to give growing influencers and entrepreneurs using social media? Because I know mental health has been a major issue. So what advice would you, coming up through, you know, your social media platform and everything you have done, what advice do you give people out there that may want to follow your steps in this? And then also in regards to mental health, how do you sustain your mental health through having, you know, your platform and being an influencer? I would say the number one thing is being consistent.


You have to be consistent in the social media game. You have to constantly be in people face. So you, so if you putting out a a, a skit or video, if you putting out videos starting out, you have to put out at least 15 videos a week. You have to constantly be in people face. You have to have a foundation started of, of what you're doing. When I started out in 2017, I was doing snitching skits. Yeah. And when I was doing the snitching skits back then, it never been seen nobody, it was a, a unknown thing to snitch on people where I'm from you, like you can't be a snitch.


But I played the snitch and at that time I was playing that everybody know it was Koski six nine, he started snitching right or whatnot. And it, it kind of hit. But I would say the number one thing in that, and anything you doing on social media, it's just being consistent and anybody dealing with mental health issues, you, you have to have a strong, you have to have strong, a strong foundation. The internet will eat you alive. What I mean by eat you alive, they can love you one day and hate you the next meeting.


Right? We live in a cancel culture. You say the wrong thing. Facts, People don't like you no more and not follow you no more, but be true to you or to your arguments no matter what nobody say to your audience, you have nothing to worry about and put the work in. Don't take anything for granted. Like I said, I started in 2017, I didn't really get on the Instagram to really 2002, taking it serious and believe in yourself because you gonna have a lot of people come to you and tell you, you ain't gonna do be able to do this, you're not gonna be able to make it.


But the number one thing is believing in yourself. Once you believe in yourself, everything else will come to. Okay. Mr. Irvin, I did say this question for him and you, so the initial question, well, for you, the question I would like to ask you is, and let me just give homage, thank you for being goat, literally. Thank you baby. So What advice would you give the upcoming NFL players that are being drafted in the NFL and the NF players that may have five years longevity as of right now? What advice would you give them in regards to being in the NFL and just being a player of the game?


All, all of life is about sustainability. You know, we, we, if, if I surmise it and give it to you quickly and a quick quote, I will say living your living your living your destiny and not your history. What I mean by that is don't make decisions from your pain. Make all your decisions on your promise. Most guys get in the NFL comes from someplace that maybe they didn't have anything like me. We, we come from a hard place made single whatever. And you get there and, and you get a big sign in bonus and you say, oh, I'm gonna buy me a house.


I'm gonna buy my mom a house. I'm going to pay cash for it all because they gave me all this cash. And you're only doing it because you've watched your mom or you, you watch your cousins or, or somebody get their house taken. So you say, ain't nobody will ever take my house. So you are spending from your past, I'm going to pay $5 million for this home and I'm going to spend $2 million on this home. When the reality is your promise says, go borrow that money. You go borrow that money and you don't touch your principle and you collect interest on that principle and you'll collect enough interest on that principle to pay off that loan that you borrowed with never touching that principle.


If you are spending on your promise and not spending on the pain of your past. You see what I'm saying? Be be willing to get it. When the Bible says that your gift has put you in a place that your person is not prepared for, that's what it means. That's exactly what it means. So now that your gift have you here, don't let your person mess it up. Absolutely. Thank You everybody. Thank y'all for tuning to the bubble to show, man, we had a legend hall of Fame. It it, it's a pleasure to sit down with you, Mike, and learn about, you know what I'm saying, the transitions you made from Hall of Fame career to a broadcaster, to letting the people know about entrepreneurship that you do.


Being the owner here of the Playmakers restaurant 88. If you come to Dallas, Texas, you got to come to this spot here and Playmakers, man, great food, great atmosphere, you in the presence of a, of a champion, you know, everybody can't say they was a champion. A lot of people that played the game, they can say they played the game, but everybody wasn't fortunate or blessed to be a champion. You ain't just a champion. You a three time champion, you a college champion. You it. I appreciate that man. Every Level. Mike, I just want to say thank you. I appreciate it From a, from a man like me, never played in the NFL, never played, no professional sports ever in my life.


But the grace to stage with you is a honor, it's a blessing. Say personally for me, thank you for sitting down with me and my fans and giving us the opportunity to learn more about you than we already knew. I wanna say thank you as a man, thank you as a brother for coming on show and more to come. And I want y'all, anything you wanna say, anything you wanna say to The people, right? Right. And, and first of all, as I said to you, I'm I'll see you next week in Shreveport. I'm gonna come out there to see the show for sure, because you're my dog. And, we going, we going, we going to hit that little, what I call shit kicking town. We going to hit it together in Shreveport. But, but, but on the real, on the real of all of it, man, I, I appreciate the genre in which you have chosen all of it.


We can have a football crowd, basketball crowd, baseball crowd. There are a lot of crowds that you can categorize people in. But no matter what crowd you go to, the world you are in, we all yearn for. And that's laughter, man. So you get to touch everybody because laughter crosses everything. So it is a joy for me to be here with you, man. And, and I appreciate it. I can appreciate your transition. Keep doing what you're doing and you know, I'm here for anything you need my brother, you know that For show man. Thank y'all for tuning into the bubble show.


We'll see y'all when we see y'all. Thank y'all. God bless The volume.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep cover out now all about George Santos. It's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances, asap, Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block, Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend, Thomas Rat, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I move to the US at 19 I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the Ad Council.