
Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


at Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of well everything From first steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all time personal best. From building pillow forts to building a life, Building life for all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. Dsw SW is there is there. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store. Or dsw.com.


Catch the new Hulu original comedy mid-century modern from the creators of Will and Grace. Executive Producer Ryan Murphy and Director James Burrows. When three best friends move in together, Palm Springs will never be the same. Their fun, they're fabulous, and they're turning life's lemons into Spike Lemonade. Shake up a batch of cocktails, relax by the pool and get ready for some serious shade. Mid-century modern stars, Nathan Lane, Matt Bomer, Nathan Lee Graham and Linda Lavin. All episodes of Mid-Century Modern are now streaming on Hulu.


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home. Out uncertainty, self-doubt, stressing about not knowing where to start in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done out. Word art, sorry. Live. Laugh lovers in knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today,


The Volume. Welcome back to The Bubba Dub Show. I'm back baby. Y'all been missing me 'cause I so be missing y'all. Damn. Don't hit hit the like button. Don't hit. Hit the subscribe button and when you do, make sure you keep the notifications turning on. Oh it feel so good to be back. Make a lot done. Win on this past week. Damn. What the Lakers got the third seed? Yeah And we going out for just the wolves.


You know we split the season series 2, 2 8 man over there and in Minnesota making babies and, and and and hitting them and making threes. I give it to them but you best believe them big badass Lakers going win this series and six Niel. We got the three 80 Monster Larry Curly and Mo come here. Miracle Whip Luca Mayonnaise ar in the Bronx. What you gonna do with us? Only thing Minnesota got over on us right now is to height of things with big South ass hands. That big Frenchman Rudy Goldberg. But other than that they ain't got shit. You think I'm scared of Julius Randall AKA 30 Marco.


I scared of no damn Julius Randall. That's why the Knicks got rid of Wasn't worth a damn. I know what y'all gonna say. Who gonna stop ain man? Who gonna stop Miracle Whip Luc or Nickel? You watch this Miracle Whip Lucco play like a coyote that got RA bees. You can't do a damn thing with it. April 15th in that late, I mean April 19th in that late shit that's the day four 20 nigga. That's bro's birthday. Four 20 real nickel Luca Brony don't have no goddamn blunt fired up for the playoffs and I'm gonna be right there with him.


Blunt brung and rolling. I'm lightening him up. Y'all sit up Pretty sure y'all sit up there and say Dallas got the best of that trade. You a damn lie. Look Boo got it. God damn Anthony Davis is a limit. Thatall ain't saying that shit no more. Everybody Dallas don't win You a damn lie. Look what we at. Let's look, let's bitch look. Life's a bright lake And we ain't giving a damn about no Minnesota. Isaac Hayes, Willie Mays LAKERS IN five new.


So how y'all feeling right now? How do y'all see this matchup between the Lakers and the timber? Whoops going down. I gotta throw two Lakers And I know Ant man gonna give us hell I know this but he only one man show Julius Randall never Now for Lakers fan we gonna need big do Rui to STEP UP. That's what we gonna need. We gonna need D Finger Smith that he gets open shots. We going need Gabriel Shamar Moore on visit to hear his shots. If them boys hit they shots, they ain't move. I'm not worried about Broing. That's one mother I ain't worried about. Oh he's growing and motherfucker up there in LA right now. Got the best doctors in the world massaging on him.


He gonna be fine. That's LEBRON James my groin. Shit you get this bad hole in from God Denmar to come down here and and rub on me. Rub on me when you hole in the world in and roll on you. Not the way they were rubbing, no sun washing it. He he had the more trash as ho bro got the best in the business bro. Got the best holes in the business bro. Got them kind of women to make Michael Jordan stop that. Do you hear me bro? Got the kind of money and I ain't worried about LEBRON.


I ain't worried about his himself. Not one motherfucking bit. I tell you why playoffs LEBRON is a different player. He gonna get you anywhere from 25 to 30 points a game in the playoffs. You can believe that Luca I'm gonna need about 30 a night. I do. You all the goddamn hookers and snacks you want. Do you even, even your halftime you gimme me 19, 20 points a halftime local. I have the best goddamn snacks in that locker room waiting on you big boy. I promise you that. I'm the Lakers. I ain't worried about nobody. I ain't worried about Houston at all. And I like Ace down. That's my second favorite team but I'm not worried about Ace town like Nova.


I'm not worried about them. No. Them showed me where they was at. They got rid of they coach. They gonna stand the chance now. So I could say what y'all want about Mike Malone? Moses Malone, he was a good goddamn coach. They don't got that no more. The snake head gone. I mean the body going what pow, come here. So I like the LAKERS IN six but the size paused. You know Man circle Tim Woods, it does pose a little concern the minds. But I think Luca going have to average a little bit more rebounds.


He go will have to average around 35 and by eight rebounds a game to, to get him up outta than six. We know bro gonna give us from eight to nine rebound right there. AOR can gimme 4, 4, 5 but a Jackson Hayes, you going Jackson you gonna have, you gonna have to gimme, you going have to gimme me nine rebounds a night boy you gonna have to gimme nine rebounds a god damn night. And then if you do that Godon will be playing in June but an man gonna shoot 15 threes a night. We know that an man gonna shoot 15 threes a night and he going nut 15 times and he old. That's what an man going do. I need all my liquor fans.


When y'all let the game y'all call the an man get beat. God damnit I I I want him uncomfortable out there goddamn. I want him to feel the push even though I love your twin but God damnit, I'm trying to win this game right now. I want all the fans in la. When Ant man got come to the game, call him get beat. I need to this young nigga head let him hit two or three threes. We in with him. I love Vanderbilt but he too, my old too thin. He too goddamn thin to be trying to check. He ain't no I need y we gotta play mind game bro. You old nigga you ain't You know old.


You ain't no new chicken no more. You an old chicken got play mind game with the young bro. Done been there. It's not a marathon. We know that. You know what I'm saying? We, we, we know that we gotta get the job done man. We we, we gotta get the job done with the timber wolf three C six C LAKERS IN LAKERS IN this series and six I see it no other way. I see it playing out just the way I thought it would play out. I just think LEBRON and Lucas's the best back court in the league. Right. And I know you still got Tate on And you still got brown. I get that but that but that Miracle Whip is different. Like it's like, it's like he, it's a difference between straight drop power and snoring power.


It's a difference nigga. What you start, what you back in my haga a long time ago. Send your dog used to put it in that pot. Sometimes it jump back, sometimes it don't time. That whole junk to ass shit come on. But know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah but I just see Luca right now man I really do. Seeing Luca playing like a coyote with RABs like he got traded, he didn't want to get traded. He was going to be in Dallas for forever. Trading to LA all the talk all he's lazy. He's fat, he's he eat butter milk pancakes every morning.


All that. All the talk. He in LA he can can he produce. I'm telling y'all he I'll watch how Luke could play. Remember he got the master to the finals last year with Kyrie love Kyrie Del But Kyrie ain't no goddamn bro. Kyrie ain't damn wrong. Say what you want. He ain't no damn mind. Luca got him now. Now he owed up with the dope now he owed up with the goddamn goat. He don't think Luca fell. Ain't no no shit. What a better story for LEBRON and his age to get his fifth ring. Like shit a beautiful thing.


Youma forget it's a money thing too. Don't forget that the rains would be through the roof if the LAKERS IN Boston was in the finals. Come on think about it. LAKERS IN the final with the center rains don't through the roof, all that shit Jelly. Jay, Jaylen Brown said said goodbye my boy Brian you for eat them nickel. Cutting your hair go mean God damn thing to me. You lost your strength Sam. Some hair in the bible was a strength. You pluck your strength y'all this shit y'all might not get past cle. I wish y'all would put Cleveland in the fire with the label shake. You make dad give a piss on himself.


We gonna talk How y'all feeling overall? I got a whole lot of shit going on. Some shit I need to talk to y'all about. I caught my damn pastor buying some ass. Yeah not no regular ass BBB hell ass too come here. So I had my cousin going rob that nigga not because he seen neither because he temp less than 10% and got love for cure for forgive a nigga. I don't blame that shit. Call me a whole as nigga all you win But God ain't the same rules I go by. My pastor gotta go by too.


I'm giving them whole 10, 10% anymore. You got to do it too nigga being a pastor already. You taxes him Now you gonna tax exempt to whole too. Never not gonna do it. I told you new time I'm here I'm all about law and it's all about law and order with me. I don't play a bullshit. Why my mama, her boyfriend out here cheating on her fucking n. Damn that's what he doing too. I said hold on   we can't even going all day. I had to threaten to snitch on this nigga for him to get in line. I said bro you gonna get your motherfucking ass home.


My son finally got a father Now you knock them. Fuck that up for me. You think I'm finna be out here trying to teach this nigga how to play football nipple nigga I'm not after my after skills trash but yours not. You got a chance to be a real father nigga don't you Rui that don't you Rui nothing for me or yourself. My son looking for a father. Here you is. You in his life. Hit him with his homework. Shit I can't do. I can't read. Right. I ain't that smart. I was a special head. You wasn't. You was a army steward.


You ain't do nothing with your life but you army steward Now you got my woman. I ain't doing no God tripping And you trying to force me to come back into this nigga alive. Never. I won't allow that. The good man got the boy won't alive that I won't allow it. I'm gonna be the one one my favorite mama. I mean not you devil. My son look up to you. That don't bother me. I love it. You as a example. I'm not Let's keep it that way bro. Let's keep it that way. Bam.


Can't you let these whole trick you out? No good spot. Like the way when you win now my baby mama get 1500 worth of stamps when you who else bed nigga you get big a ack to work every damn day. Everybody can't say dog Burger King somebody spending money. You know honey ain. Capric, we got to start setting examples. We need more fathers in the house with the kids.


That's all I'm saying y'all. I ain't saying nothing longer here tonight. Bear with me if what I said sounded a little cruel. Bear with me, bear with me. You niggas not nosy enough for me to down look black but we ain't nosy enough. You know us. We might our motherfucking business now white folks. You say something, you say something. That's the white folks. That's why they ahead of us and everything because they don't hold shit in.


They see crime, they report it immediately. Black people man y'all going ahead and do what y'all going do now, but they stand quoing and robbing somebody. You gotta put a stop to that shit right then you do something lying me. You going to j you And I don't mind telling your ass that evil. No. So if you ever around me And you trying to do something illegal, you better think twice because you fuck around and miss Christmas messing with me And I mean it. I was put on earth to clean up the streets and that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna do my job and my job is putting niggas in that jailhouse that belong there.


Hell if you belong Now you don't jail. Y'all act like jail a bad thing because the way you niggas out here talking and snitching. If you're snitching these days, don't nothing happen to you. I know a snitch nigga snitched on everybody in town went to jail for a year, come back home, skin smooth then a motherfucker. No bags on his eyes that tell me he getting some good motherfucking sleep in now. And when he come home, he went in skin came home chubby. That mean that nigga ain't missing no meals in there and he snitched.


Ain't nothing happen. Shit.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void for prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Catch the new Hulu original comedy mid-century modern from the creators of Will and Grace, executive producer Ryan Murphy and director James Burrows. When three best friends move in together, Palm Springs will never be the same bunny. Jerry and Arthur are already close friends, but when they decide to live together, it's a new chapter with a new family. And speaking of family, don't forget Bunny's mom, Sybil who's along for the ride. Whether it's a trip to Fire Island or a local congresswoman with a wild side, these Russ know how to do it with style. They're fun, they're fabulous, and they're turning life's limits into Spike Lemonade. So shake up a batch of cocktails, relax by the pool and get ready for some serious shade. A new comedy with heart, soul, and sas. Mid-century modern stars, Nathan Lane, Matt Bower, Nathan Lee Graham and Linda Levin. All episodes of Mid-Century Modern are now streaming on Hulu.


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home out indecision, overthinking, second guessing every choice you make in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done. Out beige on beige on, beige in knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today.


This is Rashaan McDonald from Money Making Conversations Masterclass. Every business starts with an idea. How can you go from daydreamer to industry Leader Amazon Business accelerates your journey with smart business buying. Get everything you need to grow in one familiar place. From office supply to it essentials and maintenance tools. Amazon business takes the buying experience You know and love from Amazon plus tools to help you save costs and make insights based decisions ready to bring your visions to life. Learn how@amazonbusiness.com.


I'm telling you what God look them niggas that be talking. See stitches used to get stitches. Not no more. They get to stop at Burger King on the way down there and eat good and talk. Nigga go in with a bumpy face. Come home face smooth like us. Skinny nigga like me will come out with a belly like Tracy Morgan, come here. I ain't just sit down and talk to the DA now. Yeah mama phone with my family member. Hey fam, what's up? I'm nothing just chilling man. I'm man how? How you gonna do that 10 years? I ain't what you say I ain't, I did through you jail.


That ain't gonna change nothing. The game ain't the same no motherfucking more. These streets don't love nobody. You gotta think about it. All real gangsters and killers are dead boy in jail. They gone on these, these these, these new young niggas. They ain't standing on that no snitching. Shit. Shit. You gotta think about it. These young niggas now that's killing and doing all this crazy shit. We used to run trains on they mamas. We could fucking blame these young niggas that's killing everybody out here. We used to run trains on their mamas.


Think about it. We ain't walk for damn. So I feel like pulled up in my fault. I know I did my, I fucked up a couple of holes bro. Take the mask up. I told young nigga, man, take the mask. What your mama said? Hurry up. Oh God boy. Boy I know your mama. How You know mama? Mama go screw boy. Back in the day boy your mama could young nigga boy you got a good mama. Don't do that to her. Do don't do that to your mama Young. Do don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.


I'm, I'm trying to reason them with these young niggas 'cause I used to run train on they mama man. So I could see the effect that I caused on my community. I'm sorry y'all forgive me. Y'all ain't never talk about that. Hell you these same little young nigga running around, y'all scared of throwing the blame at y'all used to fuck them boys my man and didn't even give her no money. Y'all they wrong for that shit. Y'all are. But how y'all see, y'all see that that chick that freshman chick Mylon. Oh six six. She dunking no niggas like she gonna be when she talk again she gonna be doning no motherfucker come here.


What's I can't think of her name. She a black chick. All I know she a Frenchman. She like 6, 6, 6 8. She dunking with these nigga. I ain't never seen no female. I know Lisa Leslie dunk and it was another female used dunk Brittany Gro but this one she dunking one. These y'all what? God. Yeah y'all need to check her out. Real talk sugar. What it do sad be what it do Fair mo Fat four. What it do George T Everybody up my line night getting shout. I appreciate y'all for tuning in and watching me watching this show being presented by prize picks.


Yep. Using my promo code trash with the two Hs baby. Yeah you put $10 in, they gonna give you 50. But I'm doing even better than that. I know a couple of y'all say y'all done it but hit that number. If you sign up right now for prize pick and use my promo code right now. I'm talking about the right now people. I'm gonna give you $50 myself. 8 1 8 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51. Hit that line when you sign with Prospect using my promo code trash with the two Hs. It's more or less on your favorite player playoffs kicking no baseball in effect right Now. You he come you you extra money come I let me when you hit that number And you do that, I'm gonna start sending my pics to y'all when y'all hit that number And I got y'all number, I'm gonna start sending y'all my pitch. Y'all help me, I'll help you come here if you can't watch the show And you only can listen to it while you at work. God damnit. Yeah Apple Podcast is Spotify come here, type in the poppa throw up show I all by tonight.


Lesson is I'm teaching you big bag ass people out there that's bullies and think you bad all the time. Your time going to come ni your time gonna come and my baby mama jail. I popped off to her. Shit. You gonna tell me what to do? I do. What the fuck I gonna do yo my kid shake your That's what I told her. It ran her hot. She got mad. Call her brother IA called my brother normally I be like chill out. I don't really want that smoker. He gonna beat me up a couple times or normally I jump in my car And I leave. But You know it ain't what your was it's what your is now.


See Dub used to be lost Now I'm found now I got that got that cable now. Oh yeah. Got me a security guard too. Come so today the conversation went something like well tell your brother bring his big bag ass over him And he did and when he got out that car I told my security guard, do what I pay you to do big boy I want you to get out there and die for me. Big boy got out there and handled business And I love every goddamn bit of it too. Taking that nigga on a family vacation with me and my family nigga Camille, we family Now you out there fighting for me like that shit And I know that nigga can fight and for you to dog him like that boy gimme a hug nigga.


I ain't even hug my own kids. I hug. Just gimme a hug nigga. I'm riding around the city right now feeling my goddamn self. Them days of jumping no bumper door is over you niggas brother jump in the goddamn ocean and snitch your wrist and fight a So can bother me. I'm a big bad wolf now. I'm puffing out. Puffing out. Blow your hell down. Not I ain't no more all that putting hands on me And we And we cool. But next week that shit dang put hands on me. Somebody gonna be finding you new suit nigga promise you damn money.


Right. Security guard got that kind of money that could hide me. One of them it man if I need it but n doing all that nipple, I I'm trying to be a a pillar in the community afford them not doing that. I know how y'all feeling. I know some of y'all niggas can fight. That's good. That's good for you. I can't so I'm what I got have with me And I don't damn tired go get me an old retired kine shit you might been retired from the forest but you ain't retired from life nigga ain your ass over.


I got kine ready to do something telling y'all truth here today. And I want y'all motherfucker to leave your door Sanders alone. He ain't done nothing to y'all. Y'all mad that boy 'cause he, he was born with a gold spoon in his mouth And I just thought his father Prime thought I wash the door Sandal dance behind that rag LA Lines. He acting in Jackson State drag LA lines. He acting in Colorado. I still love y'all players though. I'm just trying to make a point and still pull up the goddamn numbers. He pulled up with. What you think he gonna do when he give a good line he gonna get out New Orleans takes go and get on just as strong as Drew breathe.


He didn't have no problem standing on no tip toes when he that damn down field y'all don't like him because he he a rough and he come from y'all on like that. She comes from Daddy had a song must be turning me on jail. Ain't this what we here for? Huh? Ain't this what we here for? Y'all really downing this man because he a Sanders act like he ain't put the work in. He'd be different if the shit was just given to him. This motherfucker really shit is sad Y'all and y'all always keep telling man y'all black people always wanna bring up the race card motherfucker because y'all started it.


You started it. I dunno man I just don't know. Make mega ninth y'all can catch me and Tacoma Washington at the Tacoma Comedy Club. Grab tickets Tacoma, Washington. I see y'all May 9th this week you can catch me in Kansas City on the We ones tour Friday night we in Kansas Saturday night we're in Chicago. Grab them tickets come see you boy. I get there early and come out and celebrate with us man. I'm having the time with my live on this tour with Mike s Corey Holcomb, Lil Duval, Tony Roberts, mojo Brooks Hi. Hi Davis, Carlos Miller Country. Wayne having the time of my life man.


Like I can't even, it's hard, it's hard to even express how I feel. The love I'm receiving from the fans each and every night. There's a lot of people gonna know. They don't know I can do standup And I And I And I And I And I really do get shit no joke. I really do get shit. So without that being said, I appreciate y'all. I appreciate the love man. It's sometime it get overwhelming for me but I know I got a long ways to go. I really do. And I'm just thankful man. I'm just thankful for my, my my family, my my friends, my my fans just thankful to be alive man.


God coulda been done call me home but I'm still here. Coulda done call y'all home but you still Here we go through shit each and every day. We see this young man took his life from LSU prayers for him, his family. Pray for the one who was killed in the accident. I don't know what went on but I know taking your life ain't the way to go. I know us people, it's the world. Internet will will put so much on somebody's shoulders that they can't bear it. But sometimes you gotta take your troubles to the Lord and leave them there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave them there. Hell I know it can be hard. People talk about your hurts, you lose your confidence, you lose your self-esteem.


It's like feel like nothing can go your way And that's that devil creeping in each and every day telling you calm yourself or be a bad person sometimes you gotta tell that devil fleece Be gone man. Be gone man. Get away from me. I wanna do right. I don't wanna harm myself. I don't wanna harm nobody else. Get away from me. Here's that devil talk. Get away from me. When you get to brushing him off And you get to talking about the good lord, the devil leave. He can't stand it. He can't stand. He can't stand. The devil can't stand nothing good. He all he want to do is destroy that. We ain't here to destroy. We here to build. We here to love.


We here to like And we here to. And that's what I'm gonna do. I ain't saying follow me and and and and look at me as this and that. I'm just a man. I see him like everybody else seeing I like ass like the next man. Like as And I do. But I ain't gonna tell you to do nothing wrong. I promise you that. I'm not gonna tell you to do something that I wouldn't do. I'm not going to do that won't do that. But for the most part, for the people that's watching this show, you might not be doing too good in life. Don't you give up. Don't you give up. Don't you let that devil win. Don't give a damn at what your friends say.


What your girls say if they ain't got your back. Fuck. Fuck 'em. See until you, until you pass them up. Now you Now you Now you a whole ass nigga. But the whole time I was dying here when you want me, you love me, you love me when I'm destroying myself. But when I'm taking care of myself and being healthy, you gonna like this new me. I don't like this new dog. He eating healthy and shit. Drinking water, eating fruit, You know what I'm saying? Ain't eating pork. You gonna like this. Do you like the dub that eat chit? You like the dub that like to eat ass from the back.


That's the dub you like. Oh that dub is dead Nick it the new me and no security. That mean new hands for your ass if you get outta line too And you not laying down no more. I'm up on my feet now. I'm fighting not physically but I'm fighting mentally now nigga 48. 48 of power. You better read that book. Put you on game. I'm putting you on game do you hear me? That's what we doing now. We educating. Yeah you violate my security guard will demonstrate. Don't bring no big bad ass down here and wanna act bad with me.


These two motherfuckers I got, they will, they will demonstrate Stop them real good. Ain gonna treat 'em like they goddamn German self. Watch 'em boy. Why she get that damn girl? They are seen women in, they try to get me mouth. Bitch wasn't trying to holler at me four months ago. Why he trying to holler at me now. I ain't changed. Teeth been white. Come bitch come here Ankles And I how I'm feeling. I know I got my Rocket fans in here. I got my, I got my big bag as Golden State fans in here. Goddamn. I I hey them fans. Well yeah. Rep your team right now.


Jump in the live right now and rep your team. What we doing tonight? Who all on this goddamn damn live with your boy Ty. What they do Lord? What they do? Michael covered them What it do? Really sad be I see you fan defense King. What it do And when y'all go to these other sites and y'all see motherfuckers hating on me, I want y'all to go in there and tell them niggas asses up for me. That's what I want you to do. We don't tolerate no hate.


Treat everybody the same. You never know where you going to end up. You never gonna know where your hip gonna be coming from. Man. Why I treat everybody with love and respect. I talk shit but I'm never going to hang on you and I'm never going to talk down on you. But if I feel like something needs to be said, I'm gonna say it. I practice what I preach. Never going hang on a man. I'm never gonna talk a man down. Not in me, not in me. We ain't gonna do that. We gonna come up together, we gonna ride together.


We going to love together. Can't get my blessings hating on nobody. God won't bless me. That ain't the way I live, ain't the way. I think if I was a Hager, if I was talking down or being mean to people and this and that, I wouldn't have the shit I got. And they go for y'all too. It's okay not to like people don't hate on 'em. Don't talk down on 'em and and and and don't try to stop 'em from, from from coming up man. We won't do that. We show love to everybody so we want the same love received back. That's all. Yeah do unto others as you won't done unto yourself. You dig. Thank y'all for tuning in. Tonight's show, peace and blessings them out.


The


Volume Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


get


This. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing. And this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Modo us.


Visit Modo us for the best free place social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins and exciting promotions. Register today at Mo. Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello? Go.