
If you like bacon, you'll love Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. It's smoked for 12 hours. That's a really long time. So for that delicious, smoky flavor, keep it Oscar. It's time for that. Once a year event Truck week where you save big on America's biggest trucks, including the 12 ton. 12 liter. 12 hours of Oscar Meyer smoking thick cut bacon for half the day they're still smoking that bacon. If you're driven by your love of smokey, thick cut bacon, keep it. Oscar,


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video. There he goes. This week the AFCs oldest rivalry is reignited as the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns. Wow, what a play here. Coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a prime member Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Steelers and Browns Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime For details.


The Volume. Here I go. Here I go. I know y'all been waiting on me. I been, I've been working. But nevertheless, welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. Go hit the like button right now. I got a whole lot mother to talk about today. Yeah, go on, hit the subscribe button too before I even get the show started. I shout out to all my new subscribers that's coming on to The Bubba Dub Show, we thank you so very. So thank y'all so much man for coming over here and checking your boy out man. Seeing what we doing. We were doing big things on The Bubba, Dub Show last night I was in ATL with the prize pick family.


Shout out there everybody, little Steven, they Smith Druke Fungi Marco, Ruby Rose with Joe Fine Mother. Oh Ruby Rose fine. Do you hear me? I'm talking my super fine. I'm talking my find a nigga ticket on the dash, Ruby Rose out. Want some. Let me be respectful on this show. But how y'all doing? Today is Monday and you know I'm gonna go ahead and start the show out with fireworks. It's fireworks going on in the world right now. Dwight Howard say he want fight Shaq. Yeah, Dwight Howard. Yeah. Say he wanna fight Shaq, he wanna get in the ring right now. I say I'm all for it but I don't want, I don't want them to box. I want Dwight Howard and Shaq Tora.


I wanna know what Shaq going do when Dwight grab him. And you everybody know Dwight Howard got some moves. Y'all seen with Dancing with the Star. He can move his feet. He can move his hands. I don't wanna know what Shaq gonna do when Dwight High will grab him in an uncomfortable position. What's gonna happen? I don't want him beating each other up. I don't want that. Not my two kings. I don't want that. I want him wrestling. That's what I want. But Shaq say nothing. Shaq say Dwight ho you ain't got for one ring fam. So I'm not getting in the ring with you. I wanna get in the ring with one of the greatest tight ends to ever play the game. Probably the greatest tight end. Rob Grotowski. That's who Shaq say he wanna fight. How do y'all feel about that?


I say the hell with Rob, Rob Grotowski give Dwight Ho a chain shack. Give him a chance. Everybody will pay the C Act two Superman. Well one Superman and one sw. I I ain't gonna say that 'cause I wanna be respectful. I'm gonna say super double Super. Ask him and sw Superman, superwoman. I, I, I, I I'm just joking y'all, you know I had to come on here with the BS today but that's what's going on right now in the world. Shaq and Dwight. How going back and forth on Twitter, how y'all feel about that? But let's talk about my Buffalo bills and what they did to the Kansas City Chief Come undefeated record. Record is no longer Patrick Mahon.


Three touchdown, two picks. That ain't gonna get it. Damn. Every week you been turning the ball over and it finally done cost y'all. Yes, it's just one game. A lot of teams can't really play being undefeated. They be wanting to get that one loss out the way. Well it's out the way Kansas City Chiefs lost to the Buffalo Bills. Josh Allen didn't have a best game. Don't y'all know Josh Allen yesterday was the leading rush fucking team had 12 carriers, 55 yards, got the job done. Myy Cooper came through my boy Keon Cobin wasn't even playing. Wasn't even playing. These two teams will meet again in the playoffs but, but I like the way Josh Allen handled business yesterday.


I'm not gonna really get too oversight about it because it's a regular season game and we know what Patrick Mahomes does in the playoffs. Like I gotta keep it 100 on. So We don't really come over here and talk shit. But I really just can't even do that because it's a reckless season game at the end of the day. And we know how Kansas City gonna come come play off time. We know Andy Reid gonna have a dangerous game plan put together for the, for the Buffalo Bills. But the Buffalo Bills, this is something you can hang your hat on. This is something you was at home, you had to cry home crowd and that that was good for y'all. Y'all needed that win more than the Chiefs win it. You seen Travis Kel after the game clapping nigga up. He ain't tripping.


He done been here before. At the end of the day he's still going home to that thin ass Taylor Swift and and it's what it's like it it either, either way I'm on feel off the field. Travis Kelsey is winning. He going home laying up with that thin ass Taylor Swift and man, I don't care what y'all say man. She one of the greatest performers in the world right now man. And I know she ain't got that body that his ex had but she got something going on. I don't give a damn what y'all say Taylor Swift is good in them seats. She got the beat. She ain't got nothing nail going.


She ain't not that. You just wanna look at oh my god she's amazing bullshit. She's got something going on in that bedroom and blah do. I'm gonna find out I want be a fly on the wall in that room with Kelsey. I ain't bullshit. I wish it was a WD WWE match. I get in that tap and tap out got get out my turn tag. Let me get in there and get something with Taylor Swift. See I make Lu Taylor Swift 75 hours. I'm not bull sitting. I get in there make Sweet Lu Taylor Swift. Patrick Mahome was 23 for 30 3596 passing yard. Three T two peaks. That ain't gonna get it. Josh Allen with 27 or 4,262 pass yard.


One tv, one pick bag the a FC Man you gotta love it as a as a Bills Fame though. Y'all ain't never won nothing. And I'm just not coming over there now I'm I'm, I'm, I'm starting to love winning now. I'm starting to love winning more than I ever have because I ain't gonna lie y'all I've been losing a lot. It been hurting you see I done lost weight. That's because of what the Dallas Cowboy done put me through early in the season. But the good Lord said Bubba you a damn fool. I ain't gonna say good Lord Cop. He said said damn. But he said I was a fool. I gave you five senses boy you better use them. Go and be happy. So now I'm with the bills man you mafia and I'm happy right now. Better than I ever been.


But how y'all feeling about yesterday game between the Buffalo Bills and the Kansas City Chiefs? Did it mean something or did it didn't mean nothing to the Kansas City Chiefs. I don't really think it mean nothing. Y'all been here before y'all battle tested but for the Buffalo Bills I think it was good that y'all got that win. It was a big win for y'all. I think it's going to get y'all confidence going into the playoffs when y'all do face the Kansas City Chiefs again and y'all will face them. I think it's gonna be a different outcome. I think, I don't know. Keon come up and get back. They get the get all they weapons back Ari Cooper over there. I don't know man. I think it's gonna be a, it's gonna be it Super Bowl champions gonna come down to the Buffalo Bills in the Kansas City Chiefs now I'm switching over to another A FC juggernaut.


The Baltimore Ravens they lost to the Pittsburgh Steeler like I told y'all they would. I said the chiefs were gonna lose and I said the Pittsburgh Steeler was gonna win. I told you that Lamar Jackson played absolutely turnover yesterday. The guy that's leading in the MVP voting right now played terrible. I don't know what's going on in these big games but we finna break it down today because ESPN all the other ones they gonna break the game down like it need to be broke down. Let me keep it 100 Baltimore Raven lost that game yesterday because they didn't feed Derrick Henry. What the hell you going get it from? Go get him for if you ain't gonna feed it thirteens 13 is what they gave Gary Henry.


Y'all putting the ball in Lamar Jackson hands all the time. You ain't got to do that shit no more. Give it to him. He gets stronger as the game go on. 2025 carries a game for Derrick Henry over a hundred yard. He ain't losing. Yes he lost the phone but yesterday I get it. Pittsburgh defense played great yesterday, I get it but 13 carries for Derrick Henry is unacceptable. Y'all he wasn't even in the game on that two point drive. Do y'all hear me Derrick Henry the best running back in the league right now. Wasn't on the field for the two point conversion. Well we already know the ball finger being Lamar.


That's common sense offensive coordinator. Come on fam. Come on. But I think y'all gonna go back and look at the film and and see y'all mistakes and your mistake is not giving Derrick Henry that ball man you gotta give it to him. He get fourth quarter. You gotta feed him, feed him, get like a baby. You gotta feed that baby to do what? For him to grow. That's where you got feed him to grow Just like my penis. Only way he gonna get up if I'm on that roast box. So I gotta feed, I gotta feed the bloodstream to my meat. Damnit I'm feeding me. I don't hear all that no more. What's wrong with him? He gunny.


He ain't getting up shit before I even lay down in the bed. I done took me a roast pill. Come here. No you ready? Damn. Two or three minutes. I used to do that shit dead boo. That shit dead. I'm giving your As 33 minutes of pressure if you on here right now. You having problems getting your man look, you better go get you a roast box right now and kick about 11 minutes. You popping. He ready so you make sure she on her way or she already there because women got a tendency hitting you back. You gonna be mad at me.


I be damn I'm not gonna be mad at you. I'm not gonna be mad because I You got, you got, you gotta be on offense these days with these women because they, they they'll surprise you and hurt your fifth. I ain't gonna be able to make it. You ain't gonna believe me but my son got covid shit. We all finna catch it. Bring his ass over him and pull him on the couch. Bring his ass over here and put him on the couch. We'll quarantine his ass in the living room. He can't come in here with us. That's the good thing about it. He can cry all he want. His little big head cross. Eye ass ain't come in my room but you is You damn right. Go on and put your mask on Boo. Go on and put your mask on and bring your ass because I'm ready.


I'm ready And see. Come on. You gonna on your cycle too. You been out for two days. You can earn out. Come as ain't another thing I'm finna stop doing. I don't care about how pretty you are. I don't care about how fine you are. That don't turn me on no more. Well turn me on by a woman and she got an EBT card. Come on. Oh the love woman with an EBT card, that's a turn on for me And I know some of y'all in the coming section right now. Come on fam. You got money. I don't give a damn what I got. I wanna save what I got. Yeah because I got money or you think I got money don't mean I wanna spend it. I wanna keep it. I wanna build it like Lego.


That's what I wanna do. So all that no stomach a slim hip. Big ass. I don't give a damn about none of that. I wanna know do you got food stamp? I want know what you got in your refrigerator hoe. That's what I wanna know. Do you got red top new? Do you got Frosty Flas? Fruited Pebbles or Captain Crunch Eggs Pancake mix Bacon sausage here. That's what I wanna what in there because I like to eat. I only can eat what you got between your legs only so much. It's I only so much protein in that. I want real protein when I'm hungry after I get through giving you some of this good old meat I got, I wanna be able to go in your kitchen and get off.


I don't noodles, I want chicken tenders. The breaded ones from Tyson. I'm from Texas. Y'all about that Tyson breaded chicken strips come here. Hot sauce. Yeah. Seasoned fries some chips come here. You on game. You ain't had no seasoned fries for chuckles. You ain't never had no real fry. I'm in your kitchen like Melvin. No baby boy. Cooking smelling good. Your son in the bedroom smelling all this good food. He coming outta there. They he get something to eat. Get your back in your, this ain't for you.


I'm the man of the house now. Your father ain't him. I took care of that. No daddy aint prison. I'm just telling y'all what's real and what's going on these day. That's what do's doing. Stop falling in love with these pretty women with these big booty flash stomachs. Stop falling in love. Fall in love with a woman that got food in her refrigerator. That's the biggest turn over. Turn on, turn on in the world. She got gas in her car. She ain't asking you for nothing but that meat and damnit I got it Damnit I got it. What my Detroit line fans said Y'all knocked up BI Jacksonville Jaguar yesterday 52.


Shit. What a damn embarrassment took a lead that the Jacksonville Jaar. I told y'all eight months ago when y'all gave Sunshine. Trevor Lawrence that money, he wasn't worth it. Y'all came over here. You a lie. He better than that. No he not. No he not. I told y'all don't get Trevor Lawrence. That money y'all. He ain't worth it man. Now y'all paying for it now y'all paying for it each and every week. Y'all out here crying about Doug Penton. Man they need to go and fight. He ain't the problem man. It's the players man. The, at the end of the day, the players got to go out there and perform. Jacksonville, Jaguar players done already threw in the towel.


You can see it. I can see it. Stevie Warn can see it. Jacksonville, I love you, I love the city, I love the people. But your team done threw in the tile y'all. It's simple as that. Detroit line nine one. Jared got 24 for twenty nine, four hundred and twelve passing yard four touchdown, zero interception played beggar played great 'cause last week he played like ass but this week he came through. See that's how you could tell players who really take it personal. When they have a bad game, you could tell he took it personal when they end up beating the syrup, siping Texans, he came back this week and put together a flawless motherfucking game and and I love everything that's going on up there in Detroit right now.


Motown is back. Motown is back. David Ruffin rolling over this motherfucking grave right now. Want Detroit. Who would've thought the Detroit lines will be nine and one? Do you hear me? In the NC? They the best team in the NFC right now and it's not even close.


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You gotta put in time to get that rich smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar tired of tossing and turning all night on your old lumpy mattress, then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state-of-the-art memory foam technology will have you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law 18 plus terms.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up. Start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest steal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


Thing is not even first. I had my eye on the commanders but they not yet. They they they, they they on the up and come and they were. Detroit Line was two years ago to watch the Commanders. Y'all got a little time to get the right now the road to the Super Bowl going go through the three, go through the Detroit Lines. They had 196 rush yards as a team. You're not gonna beat no team that's done ran for a hundred, almost 200 motherfucking yards. Aman Saint Rob Brown let him catches. Best thing happen Detroit Big me coming home. The nigga got creases in his Nike sauce.


Boy. Boy you still got that prison mentality boy nigga we ain't cre our cold no more fam. We just putting it in the dry clean and Brent coming back out and We don we fam and I'm starting to see more and more BM people doing interview now stop it. Y'all nigga wasn't saying nothing when Big Meek were locked up. Now he ain't home in the halfway high. Now y'all got stories again man. I was with Big Meat man. Shoot man. He had let go make a run and then, man know what I'm saying? We gave us 10,000 a piece. 10,000 and I taking chance. Shit. Big gimme half of what he made. Y'all listen to what y'all saying.


You going taking some dope that can possibly get you life and he gave you 10,000 and you satisfied you a damn fool. Nigga ain't finna give me no 10,000. Good job. I how let you shit nigga you finna give me half. If I brought you 500,000 nigga you least give me 190,000 or something of it or I'm talking and I don't mind talking either nigga you see me? I got notes everywhere. Notes everywhere. I turn your ass in right now bitch. That's what I would've told him back then. But I get it. You wanna be a man, you wanna be a a soldier. I'm saying this to say as now if you out here taking penitentiary chances now your shit ain't worth it.


Dog. Your freedom worth more than your freedom worth more than anything in the world dog. Especially if you got a family. You got to be here for your kids dog. Some of y'all got parents, older parents, that's sick. You need to be here to help take care of your mama and your father. Yeah they took care of your side ass but you ain't doing them no justice. Being in jail now they gotta take their hard earned money sitting in there for you in prison. They don't know if you gonna make it home alive or not. They don't know. We put too much as a, as a people. We put too much stress on our people man. And then we expect them to take care of us while we in there. We do. We got to do better.


If you got people in the jailhouse right now, put money on their books. That's the most important thing you could do for 'em. Put money on my homeboy in prison right now. 20 years man. Got a beautiful family. I look after his family. I'm smashing his baby mama. I'm keeping in the family. I don't want the other Negroes to get it so I'm kidding. It. It's all good. I got pregnant two or three times. I gotta sing up the road to get rid of it but I can't do it. You know what I'm saying? IIII did what I had to do. Some of y'all gonna watch and show me you a whole ass do I I never, I never said I wasn't but I'm taking care of business fam in prison said he was hundred 85 pounds.


He two 60 now that's costing me books full. Yeah, commissary threw the roof. I got him jumping same way I got his baby mama jumping on me. Damn right. Got his son in the best school. He was slacking in mask. I went and got him a tutor. I'm a real, no I take care of my family. That's what I'm doing. So don't get already judging me. That's your partner. My partner selfish told him stop hustling. Told him he was gonna lose everything he got. He ain't wanna listen to me. What say five years about it ain't worth going fed. Hey, I done told you but that's another story for another thing.


I don't want really get into that about me and my homeboy and, and and what we 'cause he don't know that I'm sleeping with her. I'm just telling y'all, I'm hoping y'all going to tell it. But if he do what he going do, he ain't coming home boy. He gonna get mad at me and I'm taking care of, he ain't gonna do that. I'm the one taking care of the nigga. Taking care of his blind mama too. Hey mama Blind. I go over there, help her outside and, and take her places and go purse and you know I I slip 102 every now and then in my pocket. You know what I'm saying? He Oh good. She don't know it but hey I, I'm taking care of it though. Ain't nobody hell gonna do it so we have to be careful. We have to think about the choices that we make.


I'm being funny. I'm just making y'all laugh but I'm just, I'm speaking game in between this shit. If you catching what I'm telling you, you have to make better choices in life. That's all I'm saying. Better choices. This past weekend we were sitting around trying to watch Mike Tyson, Jake Paul fight. We fought more hard on with Netflix trying to get the shit to come through than them Boy dig in the damn ring and y'all, I don't give a damn how old he was. The nigga fought hard and train then you dig in the damn ring. Oh he wants the door Doug. He was fight, he was biting his, that nigga on Fentanyl.


I know Fentanyl when I see it my Tyson or he on Fentanyl but I get it. I ain't tripping because the man made 20 million. Jake Paul made 40. I get it. It's entertainment. Go out there and do what you gotta do to get that money. I get it. But I thought I was gonna see a look of Thunder from Mike. That's all. I just wanted to see Jake Paul stumble a little bit but I get it was in the contract Mike couldn't really hurt him. I get it and I know shit a lot of y'all saying Mike can sell out. Mike ain't gonna sell out. Mike just trying to get back to where he was. Mike been through so much in his lives. Some of it's self-inflicted. Some of it wasn't. Some of his money was being stolen from you know who. But it's good to see a man at that age come back, get 2030 me, whatever he got and maybe he can live out rest of his day comfortably.


And guess what it's about Jake Paul, I can't knock the hustle fam get your money. You keep saying you want Canelo but that's gonna be your first damn loss because both of you on steroids. A I don't give a damn what none of y'all say. Both of on steroids eventually. And we know Canelo been pop once before for steroids eating that tiny ass meat. Now these are facts that's that's already out there. We already know. But you saying you won't fight Canelo. Canelo ain't finna take no loss to you Jake. I'm letting you know that now you get in the ring you better get your 60 80 million and gong about your life. Canelo knocking your ass out. Countertop not playing with you.


I'm disappointed. Tank not fighting in December. I don't even think he gonna fight Lamont Roach. I don't know what's going on with these boxes. They not fighting. It's a bunch of bullshit going on. we want to see the best, fight the best. That's all y'all. We want some real live motherfucking entertainment people in the ring throwing hands. I wanna see a real good boxing match Damnit. I ain't seen it yet. I'm hearing my boy Earl Spit gonna fight for Dora back in in January. I can't wait to see it. I can't wait to see my Mexican people pull up to the fight. Oh hot tamales man. Everywhere. Spencer ain't fought since Crawford and I'm ready to see what Spence able to do now.


Man. He had two or three years off. I'm ready. I know he ready to come back, get back in the ring and do his thing. Spencer if you watching this come on The Bubba Dub Show let me get that interview found And they just talk about what you at right now mentally. 'cause I know you went through a lot, you had a lot of fuck niggas betray you. I know that too. And it something need to be talked about when you, when you, when when you up here and then you lose. You know I I know, I know I make a figure you up about it but that gets me being who I am a entertain shit. Never a personal fan. But imagine being on top and losing to a guy that you wasn't even, you didn't really have to give Crawford that fight. You did that out the kindness of your heart.


Like I don't think y'all understand Spence didn't have to give Crawford that fight. Nobody was giving Crawford a big fight. Spence gave him that. Let's get Craig what Craig do. Spence gave him that fight and you lost, you took it like a champ. You didn't complain but the real people know something wasn't right with you in that fight. Me personally, I still feel like Crawford probably would've won that fight. But me personally, we, we all know that something wasn't right with you due to the previous accidents you had. The way your face was bleeding in that fight, it wasn't a normal blood color for me. I know y'all saw it. You had that car wreck. A lot of people gonna know your eyeball came out.


I don't think y'all really know that Crawford really. I mean Spencer really fucked up in that car wreck y'all badly And for you to able to go through with that fight 'cause you had to, you couldn't back out. You had, see y'all gonna understand behind the scenes of so much money being brought into this fight and you really, you really not physically there but you can't back out because you got so much money riding on this. You got family members, you get so much shit you gotta take care of and you here now you can't back out. There's no excuses for the fight. 'cause I still feel like Crawford would've won but I think it would've been a bigger better fight. And I know you coming back down to fight Fedora the wing out of Fedora and Spence going to fight Crawford. But I just wanna see, I just wanna see great fights.


I wanna see greatness again man. Some great fighters out here and they just not fighting. I wanna see Canelo and Benga ass fight. I don't know why that fight not happening. I mean the people will buy that fight. The people will go to that fight. It's all about bringing excitement back to the game. The NBA ratings is down because the excitement is not there no more. Like you got to stop picking a player when they look at you crazy like it's, that's not warranted. The tech. If you gonna text somebody, text somebody for slapping somebody or or choking somebody the way Draymond Green would was choking somebody. That's the kind of shit that I want to see that y'all wanna see. Y'all wanna see a sighting again, we not getting that from people man.


We getting straight up bullshit from the people. Like same way hockey have a little time out where you can go and fight. I feel like the NFL should do the same thing when players get tangled up three minutes y'all get down and dirty. Same way in the NBA y'all get down and dirty. Believe it or not that that that that bro ain't had the pacers in the piston shit. I wanna see some of that shit again mean. Honestly that's the kind of shit that I want to see. I don't know what y'all wanna see but I wanna see some shit like that past weekend we seen what Colorado did talk going to college football. What Coach Prime them did till Utah Coach Prime them eight two.


Nobody seen your shit coming year two eight and two. Coach Prime ain't supposed to be doing what he's doing right now. Jason Whitlock, you potluck belly built looking mother every week you come on your show talking mad about Coach Prime. Stop it. I told you boy his name is Mr. Prime time. That's what you call him now. That's what you addressing. Ain't that many of us in this game for you each and every week Go your way to assassinate that man character. I don't like it man. Ain't nobody else gonna say nothing to you in this industry. I'm gonna say something to your ass Jason Woodlock. I don't like it fam. I don't know what's going on in your life nigga.


You might need some roast parts. That might be what you might not can find that motherfucker 'cause your stomach in the way. Well same way these holes go have these tummy tucks you go get you one. Maybe you can find him. Maybe you can find yourself and leave Coach Prime alone man. Man it's underpaid. Oh and 5 million a year he getting underpaid compared to what everybody else getting and they ain't doing the mother getting job coach Prime doing. He ain't even got the best players over there. We already know Alabama, the Longhorns and the SEC teams colleges get the best of the best and he's taking what he's got and took lemons and making lemonade.


Right now you can't do no but Tempo Hagg off to Coach Prime his whole coaching staff over there and what they was able to do. What's what Travis Hunger's been able to do to play offense side of the ball, defense side of the ball. Man it's unbelievable. Great kid, great grades respectful. I love to see it. I love to see Lata Webster what he's doing over there with them right now. Taking pump returns back. Got little young guy from Florida fired up. Great attitude. It's all about energy with people man. People with great attitudes and great energy. That shit go a long way. That shit contagious man. What Shepherd doing over there now? Yeah he like, he becoming the one of them go-to guys now on Shepherd for the Colorado Buffalo.


We already know what Hung gonna do but what Shado is doing now, he still holding the ball a little too long trying to wait for the play to develop. But other than that Shado is probably top two, top three quarterback in college right now. After my guy Cam wall up there in Miami. What he's, what he's doing? What he's conferencing just about what Coach Prime has been able to go through the scrutiny or you just got your sons playing? Well his sons is balling man. Regardless of what you think Shado is him. You could throw ball, he could stand in. He don't really wanna run it and we know that he don't even wanna run at all. He want stand in their pocket. He wanna deliver the ball the same way Tom Brady do. Same way Patrick Mahomes do a K Zebra do.


Same way. We gotta give Coach Prime his credit and what he's able to do in a short amount of time in Colorado. He caught so much flack for leaving Jackson State and Jackson State. I love you and I need to represent y'all more than what I've been doing. Rambling state. I need to all HBCUs, I need to give y'all a whole lot more respect than what I'm doing. I'm sorry for that. I'm playing on any HBCU would allow me to come to y'all university. I mean to y'all college. I'd be more than welcome to come and root for y'all as well. But I'm just saying Tennessee State, university of Georgia, they invited me. I had a great time and I'm not knocking the Longhorns and all the other secs.


I love y'all too. I I'm, I'm willing to come anywhere but I'm just talking to my brothers for a second 'cause there's not that many levels in high positions right now. They're saying Coach Prime could possibly be with the Dallas Cowboys and that's my next subject. Dallas Cowboys are playing the Houston Texans tonight and Dallas don't get drilled. And I'm just keeping the 100 Cowboys probably gonna get drilled tonight. At least pick up a motherfucking fight. That's all. That's all. Just pick up a fight. Cooper Rust over ball with CGE lamb 30 motherfucking times. If you have to get Zeki Elliot at the ball for once in a while, just give him the ball man. Maybe he could turn back the hands of time.


One time. Cowboy what, 4 1, 6 3 whatever. I don't even know that Rucker, I'm a be still a cowboy at what Texas fan been calling me. Bum be been calling me. You know I'm talking shit fam. You know good damn well Dak Prescott in Dominican public right now getting this, getting this coochie fixed. You know that. But you still wanna call and make fun. That's all good. Bump BI love you fam. I love I get it. Y'all win tonight. You got, you can, you can talk. No all you want you deserve it. It's a down you for us. We a lottery team. But I expect the Cowboys to pull up some kind of fight tonight because Texas ain't been looking good the last three or four weeks.


They been hurt too. Texas ain't looked that good. CG strap. CJ strap you are have a motherfucking game of your life tonight. You're going against your homeboy Michael Parson Pars. Y'all was going around on this tour this summer. Damnit, you better have three sacks on your boy tonight. That's all I'm saying. I'm gonna be up. I'm be up there down tonight. Green jacket after the game. I'm gonna be at the green jacket, indoor golf place going live on my podcast. We on my own right now. But they saying Coach Sanders, coach Prime could be the potential head coach for the Dallas Cowboys. I would love to see that happen. They probably would draft the door this year.


He was probably sick up on the deck a year or two. And rightfully so he could learn up on the deck because teams are not developing quarterbacks no more like they used to. And I think that's the problem why these young quarterbacks are struggling and that's what need to be done now. Developing these players, if you draft the player that high, you gonna have to play 'em right off the bat. You can develop them. I seen Chicago burs talking about benching Kayla Williams. Stop it. You ain't got nothing going on up there no motherfucking way. You ain't got nothing going on up there. Chicago no motherfucking way. Don't you bench it.


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You gotta put in time to get that rich smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar tired of tossing and turning all night on your old lumpy mattress. And it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state-of-the-art memory foam technology will have you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 Via virtual prepaid card card typically takes 15 days new finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter. Jump a Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Timbo Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VTW Group Void. Were prohibited by law 18 plus terms.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up. Start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


You get the right coaching now. The right offensive coordinator, the right quarterback coach in there and work. Nobody wanna work no more. Everybody want elevator success. What about the stairs? What about running heels? What about jogging? Nobody wanna do that no more. Nobody wanna work out no more. Everybody wanna go get surgery. We have to go back to where things used to be. Everybody wanna be microwave. I'm from the stove era. Y'all wanna put it in the microwave and come out with it. I wanna put it on the stove. My shit gonna be a lot harder than when the microwave, I'm just putting you on the game for my real D boys watching y'all know what I'm talking about. That's all I'm saying.


Anthony Richardson with the coach came back yesterday and beat the New York Jets. Adam himself in three weeks ago posted that Anthony Richardson time was up. I came on this every show and said he was a mother can lie. And I was right. See I get on this show, I talk a lot of shit. I ain't never played professional. I ain't never played in collegiate ball but I know what the fuck I'm talking about most of the time. Not always right. Not always right. But I told y'all Anthony Richardson will get his job back. He did. And look how he played yesterday wasn't the best game but he came through and got the motherfucking job done. So if I'm Jim, I'm going out and getting the right quarterback coach, right offensive coordinator to sit down with my young quarterback and work with him.


I'm taught my sit down countless of hours and work and film and work on footwork work. It's all work on your footwork when you get ready to plant your feet and throw the ball. Make sure your footwork is right. Same way when your parents and your mama and them, your girl done cooking for Thanksgiving. The ingredients just gotta be right for the chicken and dressing. Don't nobody want know why they ass chicken and dressing, dressing what? DA damn football field. Nobody want that shit. And you want say never. Same what you gotta do with your quarterback. Same thing going on up at the going on in Cincinnati Bengals. Joe Burrow one of the best motherfucking quarterbacks in the world.


But he ain't got no defense. He ain't got no run game. They lost 34 to 27, took the charges. Jamar, chase all the time. I look around Joe, do ball 50 something motherfucking time. If you get your run game, get your run game, bounce this shit out 'cause they know you going to throw it just maybe y'all wouldn't be four and six or four and seven more of you. Yeah maybe your record wouldn't be what it is. So if I'm the only of the Cincinnati thing and y'all cheap, y'all very cheap. Y'all are very cheap franchise man you ain't gonna get too many quarterbacks better than Joe Borough that won't come and play in Cincinnati. You got Joe Parole.


You better go. You better be damn sure go out and get the right pieces for him. 'cause the window is closing. You already got your Super Bowl three or four years ago and you ain't slipped the cents. Ain't no more DeMar coming through that motherfucking though. You better pay him. You better pay him because the fans up there in Cincinnati, they kind of eating their chili. They want some different kind of chili now. Same thing. Go with us man. We can't keep doing what we've been doing. We get too complacent in life. We get too complacent. We get too comfortable. We have to keep pushing. We have to keep setting goals for yourself.


I remember when I used to pray to God that I could be in the rooms with people like Santa Sharp, Stephen A. Smith and not sell my soul. And I didn't sell my soul never. Now I mean them wounds with them. Not a conversation I'm having is different. Hey Steven, I need to get you on my show. Found the ratings will go through the rope. Me Steve a on the same show doing what we do. Y'all deserve it. But I ain't just trying to get him on the bubble Dub show. I got Dreams man.


Goals of being on one of these big networks. Doing what I'm doing. No I'm not gonna be raw as I am now like on my own. But I'm still gonna be dub you still gonna understand what I'm talking about and what I'm like you gonna feel it. That's the difference between me and everybody else. You feel me? You hurt him but you feel it because when y'all watching me it's like you watching yourself man. Love do man. It's like it's one of us up there. You right then. You know I ain't gonna bullshit with them man. I'm gonna call it like it is. I'm gonna call these players out like I'm supposed to call 'em out. I'm not gonna sugarcoat shit with them. I'm not trying to be they friends. I'm not trying to do all that. Nigga you five for 30 tonight.


Get it together bullish with love. I'm passion. I'm a passenger man. Bullish with love When I'm doing this. Not with hate. I don't hate on these players. I just call it like I said, eight for 30. Not a good game fam. Quarterback 16 for 33, 207 yards. Lamar Jackson. One tv, one reception. That's trash not gonna sugar here and sugarcoat this shit. Russell Wilson, 23 for 36, 205 yard one pick no touchdown. That's trash. Ain't no other way about it. You got to be better than that. Why? Because we gonna seen other players come before us and display greatness and they didn't have the resources that y'all, that these players have today.


So that let you know these players be simply bullshitting to all my fans. That just not tuning in or just not subscribing to the Bubbled Do Show. Thank you. Welcome to the Bubble Dub show when you can come and get the real sports talk. No bullshit, no bias, no none of that bullshit showing like favoritism. Ain't no favoritism, no LeBron James my favorite player right now in the NBA. But if he come on here, come on. I see bullshit. I'm gonna call him out on it and I ain't afraid to call him out on they bullshit. Not me. I'm just keeping you the buck. And if you can't watch this show sometime and you at work right now, you can. All you need, all you can do is listen.


Go to Apple Podcasts, go to Spotify, go and download the episodes right now, man. Let's get this show up where it need to be. If you're watching this show right now, you should done hit the like button man. You should done already hit the like button by now. You should be in the comedy section going crazy for you boy. Like I'm going crazy for you. Giving you this kind of talk. You can't get it nowhere else but right here. Show love. Show love to the things you like, man. So a lot of people tune in and watch but they won't hit the light button. For what? I don't know. I ain't done nothing to nothing about. I always keep it real to 100 with y'all. Man. I see y'all out in public at the Airports restaurant. I'm showing love. I'm hugging, I'm taking pictures man. I need the love back.


This show should be one of the biggest shows, man. Ain't nobody talk this sports shit like me when these big games go off, y'all tuning in to watch me. Well show it to me man. That's all


this show being presented by Pics. Man. Go and download the number one sports fantasy app right now, man. PrizePicks Juice. My promo code trash with the two Hs. Man. First time users, you put $5 in, you get 50 back, you can put $10 in and potentially win $1,500. Man, no other apps cool. But they not PrizePicks that you keep pushing man. Check out to everybody. Team that won this past Sunday. Real Talk Las Vegas Raiders. I know y'all going through a storm but one day it's going be better. You ain't gonna be down forever. Chassis Ville Jaguar. Y'all been down for a long time. Well it's going to get better man. Got a persevere through the storm baby.


Got a persevere through the storm man. I remember going live and went wasn't 150, 200 people. I don't know how many people on here today, but I remember going live 150, 200 people on here. Man, I used to get discouraged, then I had to sit down and talk to myself. You oughta be thankful that somebody even on here gotta be thankful that you even alive, man. I'm thankful that I'm alive. I'm thankful that I've been able to accomplish the things I accomplished in my life. But I'm not famous. I'm not satisfied with none of this shit. Some of y'all watching this show going through tough times. I'm praying for you. Better days are coming. You just don't know when they coming.


We just know they coming. God, see you been with y'all, been there, been down, been depressed. Family members talking down on you. Friends don't believe in you, but your big break going come. And when it come, you take a family until your big break. And when you get what you need to get you going, you going look down, you going to brag, you gonna talk down on nobody. You just keep pushing. That's what I do. You don't see me bragging about the things I got or things I'm doing for what I'm here today. I could be gone tomorrow. It's just the way I was born and raised. Sometimes you could pop your shit but I never pop my shit as bragging or none of that shit.


'cause this shit means nothing. Because when I'm dead gone, somebody else gonna be doing the same shit that I'm doing now. He knows what he saw. And Mr. Paul the show, if you gets not tuning in, we do the hell no. Second, somebody can ask me if I go out and get one of the best running backs in the league. If I go out and get the best running back in the league, we gotta trade him. If he is not performing the way he should be performing right now, hell no because I got to see why he's not performing.


It's the offensive line is he hurt? It's the play calling it so much shit go in to reason why a player is not doing the things he's doing. So once again you have to get the right coaches to get him in the room, in the film room. Look, there's a hole right here. You getting hit. Why you go that way? It's kind simple conversations man. They could help certain players out. Player might be going on, might be going through some shit at the house. We're going do nothing. But he's not saying nothing but some shit could be going on. But as a coach, that's why I love Mike tumbling. Them players can go to Mike tumbling and talk to him about anything. Players can go over Andy Reed and talk to him about anything.


Sometimes each team get rid of great players too quick. And I'm bringing this back to say Dallas Cowboys, we got, y'all got rid of Ma Cooper too quick. He sugar kept Amari Cooper. Y'all be better off right now with Ma Cooper CD Lamb on their team right now then what y'all are now. But once again, when you get people up here think they know what they doing. Cowboys organization ain't done shit since they got rid of Jimmy Jones. Them facts. Yeah. Jerry Jones thought it was him. It's me drafting these player now all nigga you with Jimmy.


Jimmy was telling you who to draft. You win a couple rings, all of a sudden you think you him, you not him, you, you're not. Because if you him, you, no one cowboy been no one another Super Bowl. By the end you ain't one shit. You never want to be the smartest one in the room. I told y'all here, you always can learn from other people Trash of the day going to the Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator. You got Derrick Hu. You give him 13 motherfucking cares. What you going get him for?


For a quarter? You supposed to let him work a defense down. He gonna pop one One thing about here. His big ass gonna pop one or two. You got to keep feeding him. You brought him in to take the pressure off the mark and you gonna have him in the game. Two point conversion. You have him on field. We win ball games. I don't give a damn if it were broke leg. Not get your ass on the field. You finna be a deco. And we know this it, the fans know this and we know this. You, me, Tim, me, they don't know this shit.


Me, Tim, me. They don't know this shit back. Y'all from watching the bubble dub show today, man. I see y'all later on tonight, man. Dallas Cowboy versus Houston, Texas. It's going down tonight at the ATM stadium. Man, if you in Dallas hit me up at, I'll be in Mansfield, Texas at the green jacket, indoor golf spot. I'll be there around nine 30 tonight. Come get on the show with you. Boy. I'm gonna be going live during the game. Matter of fact I'll be going live during the game. You wanna come in? Chop it up man. We having just, you know, just, just free to get in. Come chop it up with your boy. Come show some love with me tonight in Mansfield, Texas and at the Green jacket, indoor golf spot. You can catch me in Abilene, Texas on the 22nd.


Got a comedy Soul 23rd. I'm in Texas City at the Texas Convention Center. Pull up on your boy. God bless. Peace. I'm out. The Volume.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice.


Life Comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


If You like bacon, you'll love Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. It's smoked for 12 hours. That's a really long time. So for that delicious, smoky flavor, keep it Oscar. It's time for that. Once a year event truck week where you save big on America's biggest trucks, including the 12 ton. 12 liter. 12 hours of Oscar Meyer smoking thick cut bacon for half the day they're still smoking that bacon. If you're driven by your love of smokey, thick cut bacon. Keep it Oscar.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance in game without compromise. With Intel core i nine processors, gaming Happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.