
The Volume. Welcome to the Bubble dub show. Hit the like button, it's subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on. You never know when we going crank up over here on the Bubble dub show. You know what I'm saying? Tonight, Wednesday night. Coming to your live in, first of all man, how y'all doing man? You know it's, it's a lot going on in the world. Especially if you on social media, I mean it's, it's a lot going on these days. But sit down, relax, take a load off. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show man. It's a lot going on, you know what I'm saying?


Let's go ahead and start the show out where Jimmy Butler has been traded from the Miami Heat to the Golden State Warriors. Golden State Warriors got Jimmy Butler and the Miami Heat got Andrew Wiggins, Dennis Kruger, Kyle Anderson and a first round pick if you ask me. Golden State got flees. That's what they got. Jimmy Butler, JAMA Butler. I'm a limb. That's what he's, I know he used to be that but we ain't seen that in a meeting. Come, come on this mother to show the night and act like Jimmy Butler in local.


Stop it not mean Stop it. We can make, we only the one make big splashes. You don't not the killer whale down there new down there second 20 Texas. They we make big splashes in LA Nigga bring Jimmy brother down there to go along with with Step never. But I tell you what, I bet Draymond won't put his hands on N Oh yeah you big ball. You big a single your hall looking coming to America face. Gray bird, Draymond Green. Look at motherfucker. Put your hands on Jimmy.


But be some Lord no than you. You put your hands on that little nigga g Jimmy Butler get that perm and presses her. He'll whoop everybody in that mother. I know. I see He got all in his face. I ain't lying. He can see a mother face sometimes that they don't mean you no motherfucking good J you got to watch people like that. They only come around when you up. But when you need money in between PGA, those motherfucker can't be found can they now?


But you wanna break your back for that mother. Stop it. Some of y'all be in relationship with motherfuckers who broke y'all spirits and you ain't tell me you gonna let that same spirit come back and try to uplift you. No Jimmy Ball ain't finger do motherfuck thing up there in Golden State. Ain't finger do nothing acting like that. Gonna move a   Oh well. Oh well that ain't gonna move. Shit. No y'all saw my Laker last night. Run through them clips put our foot square and they ass.


Oh yeah, that's what the Laker did last night. I thought we gonna play no defense though. We nigga Big man goat you left nigga. We all we got right now a white goat and a black goat. God damnit Oreo goats all in this mother. It's the Oreo for me wrong on this side. Look on this side, you know we kicking the as Brony hitting threes. Your ass in trouble if you ever tune into a national basketball game watching the Los Angeles Laker and bro James hitting threes we up by falling. I and I love Brony but if he in the game we up by faulty are we damn faulty.


Y'all gonna respect them. Lakers, la wifi. Lakers will do they thing this year in the playoffs. Hey I told you we ain't no motherfucker, we ain't drinking no out here in La nickel. We gonna do nothing. Smoke and drink wine and eat cheese and cracker. That's why white folk don't have high blood pressure. Black people. Them motherfucker drink unsweet tea. Peanut a buggy jelly sandwich but wheat bread eat lip only white folk. I went to the park in la that white woman walking her dog, that dog had on design Awell.


Do you hear me? That dog, that dog live live better than most hands. Dog gets sick, dog going to the vet. Dog got insurance and shit. Dog got anything health wise dog gonna get taken care of. Meanwhile, my homeboy got a two ACL. He waiting on $500 on his door for a meal. Some goddamn white folk dog live the best life ever in that food is organic food. Black folk feed they dog leftovers. I'm real thought growing up my daddy felt them dog grown leftovers. Have you ever seen a dog eat red beans and macaroni and cheese? Have you? Man my dog was sitting for 75 minutes straight.


That motherfucker locked up like a bank ball. White folk dog give a great lie. Meanwhile, black folk just now taking they dogs in the house the last 10 years, you know I ain't lying. The last 10 years black folks started letting dogs come in they house black motherfucker being outside or in the garage with a look ass blank against some fur dog damn near die everywhere. I ain't lying black on dog. We just grew up on leftovers. What we eat is what the dog ain't the dog that new age. Shit.


Grandma wasn't let no motherfucking dog in know how she in the, how was she was she shell pee. She ain't no way there too much going on in 2025 and you got to pay attention to what's going on. I see back then I here I keep telling y'all then y'all don't wanna listen to me. I see better than I her If the Lakers and, and if the Mavericks can trade local, they white. Jesus ain't a relationship in the world. So all that going out looking at furniture. No it's just a trading deadline. I know I seen Luke got trade and you me, I'm just writing.


I'm just waiting for the right source. You next ain't no playing and shit no more. You can't plan trips. You can't do none of that 'cause your kids can go and I'm act like oh girl, don't wait to exhale. I'm gonna cut my motherfucking hell. I'm gonna drink he some wine. I'm gonna get around my homeboy and God damnit. We going to fellowship like you hoes do. When y'all go do breakups. Y'all got people to run and talk to and, and lean on. We ain't got nobody to lean on then fellas we got to come together on a Thursday night. Talk about all our problems.


Write it down on a piece of paper. Make sure it all add up. We gonna talk about what you hold ain't doing. You gonna call and check up on us No motherfucking mo got y'all. God damnit you bring a salty cat. You ain't wash that motherfucker off like you supposed to. You you, you smell like a damn pole cat. Y'all ain't wash that motherfucker off like you What a raccoon Wass food before he eat you disrespectful if you ass me driving over real mustard. I was gonna take you out to eat it's steak and Shake tonight.


It's Steak and Shake tonight. Oh y'all, y'all y'all mad at me. See I'm just keeping the 100 you y Valentine day coming up. Yeah you ladies keep thinking Valentine day. Y'all keep thinking like valentine day it it, it is a sex. It's a gift. Valentine day ain't no motherfucking guilt do you hear me? Valentine day ain't no motherfucking guilt. It ain't no prison. It's a god See it's a goddamn subscription. I don't already done paid for.


I went out and bought Fos hotel decorated got your favorite Hennessy. They put your strawberries splash to go in. I done spent about $2,000 on this goddamn valentine. And who you here telling me I got a, I got something special for you. No you don't. That's the same cat my homeboy ate three weeks ago. Ain't nothing special about your cat. My homeboy ate three weeks ago. Huh? You gonna get me something special. Gimme me a PS five nigga Rolex. That's what you can get me. But Valentine's Day is not sex.


It's not no damn guilt And it ain't no present. Like I told you. It's a subscription I already done paid for Bringing your salty cat up in this motherfucking bed Don and eat bat ma shit bitch I'm, I'm about to stroke out sick of fat ma. Big saw mother. Only way I'm getting it 'cause that's all I can get. You know what I'm saying? When you that's all you can get your keep in. Ain't no relationship safe out here y'all.


I'm telling you women use us boy aint using nothing left and right. We can't even see it. We blinded by their looks by they bodies and and not don't listen and that I got A B, B and all. I don't give a bitch you missing half your naval. They took your neighbor and put it on your big head nose now you ain't the same. You're alien. Mm Y'all fellas. Fellas listen to me man. Don't let these women have a upper hand. Don't let these women have the upper hand right now. They'll do anything they can to get the upper hand. I'm seeing a whole lot of crash dummy because I him I'm seeing nigga. I know y'all see 'cause y'all in the trenches.


Y'all. Y'all right there. Every time you ask a chick man I go single people at the crowd. I do my coming man. I was single people. Ooh Ain't like they happy y'all motherfuckers ain't happy. Especially the fellas who seen how mother you all days you took this motherfucker out. You don spend on a motherfucking day. I you night bitch. I mean your ear like B you bitch. I mean your ear. You really gonna leave me tonight. You really gonna go in your house and go to bed without me. Never.


God sent me. That wouldn't have came tonight. Bitch you wouldn't ate no chicken strips. That's our hoes wanna argue when they go out chicken strips. They don't know. They don't know nothing about the other food. Huh? Bitch you 800 mustard 10 tenders. Huh? You wanna go to bed A alone? I'm leave with me Ricky too. Bitch what something on these motherfuckers y'all keep letting them go man shit ain't doing nothing. Never, Never.


Bitch I done fed you. You not going in your room, going in your house, going to bed on a full stomach without getting no money.


Bettering your business takes working with the best with the James Hardy Alliance. You gain access to leads, training, networking and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Hey y'all doing tonight? Y'all talk to me. Talk to me man. Tell me if I'm wrong or not man. We're gonna go all the way back. Tell me I'm wrong. Valentine day sex is not no motherfucking gift. So if y'all playing on doing some shit for y'all girl, I'm telling y'all right now fellas. Let 'em know you don't want none of that motherfucker. Keep that mustardy motherfucker in your tights. I don't want it. You keep going to the gym. Who You all you trying to do So people, your moose knuckle. When have it been, how have it been a good thing for a woman to have a fat moose knuckle? You good fat moose Knuckle lying motherfucker.


You having a fat moose Knuck ain't nothing good about that. That shit up too. The middle nigga house is ran though. But we praise that now. I I don't trying understand what the thing we praise now man that motherfucker vagina would this be it look like an overside naval come on here. My small penis as and here laying beside her talking to her. Yeah baby you like all come on playing with my intelligence. Come on man. We we ain't going do that. We ain't gonna do that. Meanwhile 50 and big. Me ain't to it. What the fuck going on Big me a snitch bullshit.


Now my big that 30 years not my big niche bro. Before big that was out control big. Now you Tammy big me for 30 years of snitch. He your worst motherfucking snitch I ever saw in my life. Meanwhile I wouldn't have never went that was my brother Terry's idea. Terry can't see no way. He wouldn't have seen that goddamn time. I was going to give it to him too.


That motherfucker would left out left eyes straight that day for big me. Terry was the one on the call. Not mech. Terry Wila got all the goddamn time too broke that shit. I ain't done nothing. I ain't y'all ain't got nothing. Y'all got my brother she it was his motherfucker lot anyway. We been fighting in neck courtroom. Y'all had the whole family split up. Mama come here. I'm buying all them goddamn housing cars and for shit. Come talking pops. Come here. Bring your shit man.


Y'all better make this shit Make sense. I ain't done you ain't you got my own shit. Which one you going because I'm my finger do 30. Oh no I'm not thing do 30 at at all shit. All rise after I would testify on my own bro. Stand up Mr. Ffl. Yes sir. How do y'all find him guilty? I gave, Terry fought him motherfucking years and told him you bag I have it motherfuckers.


It was your idea to put dope in the limousine. It wasn't mine. Shit, y'all better wake up. Y'all better wake up for it's two motherfucking late or I pee to Irv Gotti. Y'all better wake up. I'm telling you. 54 years old had a stroke outta him man just got a hundred million dollars last year. Listen to this. Just got a hundred million dollars last year. Now he's gone. Y'all better. Y'all better enjoy life. You gonna never know when that man up above gonna call you. You don't know. That's why I just told you earlier. If you, if you watching from the very beginning, don't make no motherfucking plans.


We ain't buying furniture. We ain't going shopping. We ain't buying cars. You could be mad And I know why he left and I know the good lord the reason why he left. But I blame Nelly and Ashanti. Nelly Ashanti got married had that baby, that man health been declining like a motherfucker couldn't take it. See Irv was in love Ashanti who helping her write the motherfucking his suit. How damn Irv got it with getting him some of that motherfucker too had Ja Rule had Ja rule singing him. I wanna be your chick. I wanna be down for you.


Do you trust me? Do you love me you nigga. Oh man you trust me. You down be I be now. Hey I ride for you ain't riding these days. They ain't riding to the wheel with for what? Let them go Soon as they see danger ain't you motherfucker that's gonna be he real big earth man.


But Ashanti and Nelly killed it. How motherfucker keeps she behind them? She was seen in the earth. Y'all do you hear me? You know what it like for a woman to see a hair. I ain't too long story eating at church. He wasn't from back on that movie. First Sunday you had to get baptized to eat. I couldn't swim. I want be your church. I wanna be down for you. Do you? Hey man y'all think y'all gonna make me bang at night. Oh IP message is you could be next man 50 though. Just got a hundred million dollar deal writing movies.


Writing TV scripts outta him Man. Big on lot support Two ass. Let tell my family something. You, you, you you jealous hearted nosy long noses musty neighbor having that motherfucker. Don't y'all help me if I ever somebody ever help me, don't y'all help me on no goddamn law support two goddamn days leave me on. Don't take me, leave me on that mother like this. God leave me YI might come through if you see me like this nigga damn be you think it's horrible God damnit Tina uncomfortable and put the thing on nose.


I call a rocky ass out in there. I hope they lock a rocky ass up giving bow God damnit Re I'm on my way. I don't count pocket God damnit a rocky ain't got gotta be about that much money. I tell you that God damnit I'm stuck getting and we don't need mine when we got yours. You hear me? By real You be now you don't. You don't need my docks. You can lemme keep mine. Shit you can pay me every month. Got you. You fucking go ahead.


I got got the boys. I'm treat them. I treat my your kids too. I got, I'm gonna teach them how to play ball. Everything. Were young. Come here. Y'all think I'm loud. I say bring me young in that room. I wake up Lamar Olden was dead. Do you hear me? Lamar Olden was dead. Hey god Chloe Kardashian came and then put life into that. No. Now tell me I'm lying. I read the reports Lamar ine 75 times. He said Chloe Kardashian. Oops. I mean Chloe Simpson walked into that room and put her hand on Lamar old me and that chick.


That motherfucker thing rise up like the statue lip. That's the kind of woman I won't touch it on me. Most hoes touch on me. Get me migraine. Bitch get off of me. I ain't got for a couple dollars When you got a woman coming in and touch you in Green Live. Oh shit. I can be the president today knowing I can't read. Goddammit. That's the woman. I want a goddamn woman to get out there and fight a goddamn mountain lion. Prove your love for me. I'm proving my pimp Bill. Bill I help your baldhead and mama God damnit for a couple weeks until she get her money. God damnit go God damnit die for me.


That's how much my money means bitch when you cry for me when I cry you cry. We cry together. Shit how y'all feeling tonight back? Y'all be feeling good man. You alive just told you Irv don't they hundred million dollar don't mean nothing. If he could, he'll take that money back for his life. Push a million dollar man dog stressed out. So if you ain't got no money, nigga ain't nothing to stress about 'cause you alive.


Do you hear what I just told you? A hundred million dollar man dog. I called him home and here you are crying playing and ain't got a qua. You could be quiet or you could be what We could be playing it for your well everybody know hoes be at them. Shit. My cousin die. Shit. I mourning like I put on a show at that funeral. I'm gonna cry in that mother. I was happy that motherfucker was gone but I put a show, my lawyer took my hill.


You took my number one Cus nigga was a crash dummy. I'm I'm a miss. That's when you look over there and see his five ass baby mama and I do mean them whole beep. The whole time everybody comes to you shaking your hands. I got my eyes on the motherfucking boy worker eye on that bitch. God damn right. I got eye off you. That's when I start making my way over to it. 'cause I'm a boss. Rick Rose ain't voice. Look you know me family like bro, you know what I'm saying? I wish that were me there.


Yeah but that but it's not anything. You need anything. And I do mean anything. You could talk to me. You come to me about anything. Thank you so much. I just don't know what, don't worry about it. I'm here first two times she called. I'm gonna bring some money over like everything good that next time, that third time she called me, look at him Damnit you ain't gonna keep hitting me. Shit. Shit he don't him him, he ain't gonna come. He ain't gonna be doing, that's when it all start. That's when I test him that first night. Don't come you with my cousin.


I trust you see, I trust you see that's when it go out again. That's when I, that's when I'm doing my feeding of meat in three point. I'm ba mother do you hear me beating of meat in 3.5? No my cousin wasn't lying either. One lion game you think? Dang in the, the the jaw of a lion. This motherfucker right here is the not the two. Tell your dog tell you some real stories.


All facts. I I'm telling you I was nigga whole time I had my eyes over her and that ass whoop. Oh make an Indian come out from hiding from white folks. That's how bad she's and we all know Indians run from white folks. They ran to the nce. Us niggas ain't got nowhere to run to. Can't run to each other 'cause we hating each jealous of one another. I ain't as bad when you can't run to your own. We should be able to run to our own and uplift us. But we don't uplift each other.


We turn each other down each and every day. Oh you can make a change. I gonna turn my brother down. You gonna turn your brother down. You see what I'm saying? Now we uplifting. Yeah now we uplifting. Now we climbing loud. Hey I know the vega over here but the vega is manmade you. You understand what I'm saying to you baby. Go walk. Go walk up. Walk the hills. We gonna walk the mounds. Yeah we're gonna get to the mountain top. Like, like Martin was singing. I know Martin that some bum as head that night. He said that boy said a ball boy I have a dream in a world full of hatred.


At the time the man said he had a dream that little black boys and white girls would join hands and somebody gave that nigga some magnificent head. I'm talking about magnificent. You know your head, you know a woman head gain. So mother good when a nigga get through he go in his pocket and give us some money. Don't get nobody no money. But you did a wonderful job. I wanna tell you. That's what you gotta do with them young ho. I ain't gotta do that with na. I bet I pull out no get money from Na never. She she know how to get the money.


She's la And look at him now. I know you on that tour. I know you be ripping them around and you be coming over here and, and I'm and I gotta go get a few groceries. You know I made a list. She real women made shit. Hos be on the phone calling you. Hey see we got any onion in now bitch you get left the house. It's the difference from between a girl and a la now a la I got the feathery, I got the onion, I I got that roast beef. You say you gonna be back next Wednesday. I know you gotta go see your kids and all this and that. Okay, meet me her at Wednesday eight 30.


Where that cologne you be wearing that creed? Yeah. Where that creed better? I get over there soon. I open the door naked aint got on a row. Hell she got the curlers in her. You know she old school with the shit. Let the curlers under her. She nigga you ain't like to smoke And you know I got that. This ain't trash if you ain't in that. If you ever in LA go get you attack. If you in LA right now go get you attacked. Attack. This ain't trash. Jokes is up. Pull up. She like to smoke. You know I'm the man. I got you. I give her a cell on the house so while I'm eating she her papers she getting so she getting real tall.


You know what I said my mama taught me wash dishes so I I watched dishes and she liked that in the youngster. She liked that in your boy? Yeah, when she grabbed my arm said ooh you strong. So I go on the cab you know she got the robe on. You know I like the mel my hands. They like boy stop ain't gonna do nothing of my cal because they old women gonna let you do do nothing on that cow now come on in the room. I go in that motherfucking room. She got the shit somebody done pull on cmo. God damnit it's going down, it's going down. I go in there goddamn she take that robe off the mother. She laying it just pop out.


Oh look who's coming there t hate. I'm putting these big beautiful white magic. I aint like a African. Who you for me. Come come shoot me whole time my baby mama called me. My daughter don't give. I'm laid up with Nadine and I ain't got time to be going over there fucking with you my kids. See when you got a good thing got y'all, you gotta keep it when you got a good thing you got to keep it and treat it. Right. So you got somebody right now ain't treating you right.


Don't keep them there. They can go real. Oh you can be right now. Talk to your girl right now. She telling you this and that and y don't want nothing and you can stop looking in the eye. You I don't want her all that. I don't want hear all that And I don't want her. I need money. I don't want only 25. You gonna get out here and work. You gonna work for your money. Real talk. I told y'all Trump ain't bullshit. He fucking with the transgenders now. Come on family leave the transgenders on now. Don't, don't, don't they gonna folks alone Trump now you got ice.


You got them out here goddamn. Doing what? They and they doing a hell of a job. I saw him again did mo them. Oh yeah. Oh shit. Yeah we be quiet. I don't, I ain't gonna mess with take Y'all get mad when I talk Trump. I'm just saying he messing with the transgenders now that's, see how this shit work out 'cause you two motherfuckers now transgender. Them two niggas and women But you don't fuck with them. They both transgender. Turn your ass up.


Shoot you watching this show, you know we being presented by Pics. Real talk that barcode scan it, real Talk type in trash with the two H's. Yeah you betting more or less on your favorite play over there. Real talk put $5 in, you get 50 Super Bowl coming up. Yeah you better go ahead and put them pics in and win. Don't only put your pics in right now and win.


If you can't watch this show we on Apple Podcast. We on Spotify. Yeah type in The Bubba Dub Show. Boom there I am Live on the show. He knows what he here to you. You don't know nothing about this show police show fans and everybody see me quitting. Ask me hell nos question. Everybody ask me Bubble do would you ever tell 50 something 50 cents something in private? Hell no. You see what this me shit little Mitch I don't know what's going on right now. Shit me said he don't know what's going on. Why you turning your back on me fam? I do anything for you.


You see what he did to his own son. What you think he won't do with you? Huh? Sometimes people been done already showed you who they are. 50 don't bullshit. He don't. He don't. He don't pay you me. Come on f you gonna write that man and say Ralph come on Ralph just paid your daddy bill little nigga. And you gonna say here him. See you can't help every motherfucking body chief. I'm big, I'm Rick Row. I let me stall. I ain't bullshit. Every time me called me. Hey I I I'm on my way around now. Never go. I'll make 75 billion yo before I go over here.


Man thought you gonna sit in there money. He's gonna be a little lady. It's tired. They got it. Every time they ask me something they got it. I don't even know who they is but I'm saying they got it. That's how I'm stopping people now from borrowing money from me man me borrow some money man. I would but they got it. Nigga don't even know who they is but they I ain't lost. You say say they drop man just help your Dagg and I You saying it Rich you better sell a little motherfucking necklace you got Yeah BM s they gonna worth a million shit being the near jury store soon. Real talk D come here you I told Trump give a damn about your contribution to his damn Oh to his own thing.


He had to support thing to shoot him. I give a damn about that. His campaign Jungle D gave Trump $2 million. See not enough. You get your good dime making that as back over where you from. He leave your equipment ain't gonna be no junka. Dang in powwow no more gonna be Bubba do and Powow Junka dang Assses. So you can say that shit overseas nigga. How of y'all motherfucker coming over getting all these good job making all the goddamn money riding around in IES and shit And God I am riding around the goddamn to Tundra.


This shit gonna be reversed on no car. Ride around and roll Ross you motherfucker start riding around in Bes again Be a change around him and I'm the one to change it giving you women too much motherfucking leave. Where I take a TV and real talk now that's hd shit. How y'all feeling man? Y'all all right man. I'm feeling ready to go out there with New Orleans man.


Friday night I, I'm in Baton Rouge Real Talk two show Baton Rouge at the City Rabbit. Grab them tickets man if you ain't already got 'em man this Sunday man I'm having a tailgate party and a watch party man. We at Dave and Busters in New Orleans downtown. If you wanna come watch the game, come watch the game with us man. Grab a ticket man. Come with food and it come with liquor. Can't be the whole city. If you ain't going to the game, come watch it with me. You know ain't going hell. Oh yeah. Whole time big be tall and smile. You know your boy help some out. Come, come here. Y'all better come turn up with you boy.


You know I'm on the we of Warrens tour. Y'all can catch back up with me on the we of Warrens tour on the 28th I'll be in South Haven, Mississippi. Baby y'all get them tickets right now when you give them jumping my DM on bubble dub 94 Instagram or Facebook? Facebook Life page Bubba do Jr. Let me know you got tickets. Let me know you coming to see me man. Real talk. If you gonna be in New Orleans this weekend, I got the shirt. Oh I got the bubble do merch. Oh deck dick cheer. I want y'all enjoy y'all self though. The message tonight is you could be next OIP took a guided family and anybody else in the world that's done lost they family members of this, this and that.


And the third man Irv did some great things in the hip hop world. Man I always wanted to pay my respect from people, you know what I'm saying Man, death is real man. Death is, death is real. Death is so serious. That could be me. That could be you. That could be any of other guys done call home tonight or the day. So ain't no sense of crying and complaining about what you think you ain't got. Focus on what you do have. Man I know as many nights I go to bed hoes and thinking it's Rihanna and I gotta stop dwelling on what these ho ain't and what they is and take 'em for what they are. I got some of the best g. Some of y'all ain't as I gotta be thankful for what I got.


So yeah real talk. I gotta be thankful y'all and y'all should too. I know she she a headache. I know that motherfucker built like a can opener. I know but you could be by yourself because you and Vaseline but you got somebody over here with a heartbeat like you ga. Yeah I know she ain't, she might not be easy on the apple but that vagina, that ugly motherfuckers got the best. Careful I'm not bullshitting. You make a grizzly bird drop his salmon shoot.


You think I, you know I tell you ugly fat mama people somebody fucking them it's me. I lay up with 450 pound a motherfucker in them. Why? 'cause I know that bitch gonna be hungry just like might take her big ass a minute to gig up. But I got two pit bulls in they nights stick and she scared. You all can see that big motherfucker rolling about my bed. You think it's a house fire? Stop. Drop roll when she get on her feet and get in that kitchen. Oh hell you can smell do bitch cooking. Bitch I call my mama mama What you doing? Nothing. Shit. What you doing? Eating fish. Eating fish get you fish.


Gr baby we eat good over baby Got a stamp. Trump didn't cut these off. Come here but my mama can ask for some money and hang over. Ain't about turn baby. No I'm beat honey. Boo boo is in here cooking for me. Yeah you a big woman four 50 I go on that tap on the ass and I slap on the ass my car crank. That's how beat she you come. I tell her I can't be seen with you in public now don't you be coming to coming under my post on the relationship over. I threaten that big motherfucker. If y'all ever see a like or hear anyone on Instagram up under my name, the relationship is done.


That what you say. I like that. Them pretty motherfuckers. They don't like mine. That's why they get less top notch Hoes get the most not the best. People see and told y'all here. I reckon y'all gonna be listening to me pretty ho. Trash the media ugly motherfuckers, they got beautiful soul and they don't mind grabbing that motherfucking trumpet growing in it. That's why they bills paid real talk and them hos never catch council And the most counselors, free motherfuckers in the world, them ugly motherfuckers pretty motherfucker catch council and one day they don them ugly motherfucker boy they fight council 70 years.


Thank y'all for tuning into the bubble. Do so man, get them lights up jumping the cu show me man. Show me to the world man. Shout me. Peace and blessing Super Bowl pull up on me mouth. The Volume.