
The Volume. Bullshit ass outta yo man. Sorry about that. Everybody bullshit ass outta yo technical difficulties. It happens. Damnit. We ain't perfect but we still him. Now I'm gonna take it back from what I was talking about when I was talking about Patrick Mahomes ass being hurt but never missing gain. Why? Dak always gotta miss gain when he hurt. I don't wanna understand motherfucking hamstring bruise, poop cooch or whatever it is. He always out. But Patrick Mahome, that's why he's a winner. That's why he's a three time Super Bowl champion because he gonna let the small things stop him from performing.


Got a great coach Andy Reed. I'm gonna be real with y'all. Y'all be real with me. Andy Reed been coaching 35 motherfucking years. He been 350 pounds plus all them damn years. Andy Reed ain't never lost no weight. Y'all ever think about that shit. They want the players to be a certain weight. They want 'em to run a certain speed. But why y'all ain't making these damn coaches lose weight is what I wanna know. Andy can't be healthy. Our wrist all over his damn office. Les tw. Everything is all in that damn office. But y'all want the players to come in at 2 85, 2 9300 pounds. Well see. Make end Reed lose some damn weight. I know he great.


I know he a genius. I got him above Bill, bill check in in in the coaching thing. I got Bill wash and then I got End Reed then I got Bill, bill check. But that's, that's what what we need to be talking about. These damn coaches sanction fired. They damn head coach down there digs Allen. I dunno. Three seasons of fucking nothing. That's what I like. I like, I like Owen they could get rid of Coach in the middle of the season. That's why I wish Jerry Jones wrinkle as would do the fat pop belly and Mike McCarthy. But he won't do it. He wanna wait till the season though. No. Make us feel better now. Nickel. We wanna feel good now Jerry. We gonna wanna wait till the end of the mothering year.


That's why I switched teams some of y'all man. You can't be switching team man. You gotta ride it out. So if your girl cheating on you, you gonna stay with her. Hell no. With I'm not, I'm not doing, I'm not waiting on shit. I'm gone. So yeah, I'm with Buffalo, I'm with the Chiefs, I'm with the Vikings, I'm with the, I'm with the Eagles, I'm with whoever motherfucking right now. And guess what? I slept good last night too. They blew look good on some of y'all getting in my inbox threatening me. Man. You better not wear no cowboy gear no more. I wear what in the hell I wanna world, if you're still splitting bills with your girl nigga, you can't tell me nothing.


Oh, 50 50 going in half. Man look, get off my shit. Leave me alone. I wanna be happy. Want me to be miserable because your team miserable. Not me Now I said the cat, I'm gonna do what I wanna do. I pay my bills. I'm tell you what you do at your high. You gonna tell me what to do with mine. Damn. If I wanna wear a cowboy jersey next week I will. If the cowboy win I'm gonna come right back on this damn show saying Super Bowl. You damn right I'm I'm still a cowboy at heart in private, I'm a cowboy fan but in public never cowboy buy like my audio trash telling you what guy I love every night.


Thank y'all for tuning in 'cause y'all been to come coming session. Y'all been on my ass. I been watching being me and you. He might not come on to the next day but damnit when I come I bring it. That's all. It matter when I'm home I bring it. Stayed up late big on the road, went to the game. Y'all gonna understand behind the scenes shit. I do. I'm a busy man but I'm never too busy to come over here and entertain y'all and talk about the game and damnit. That's what I'm doing here today. Tampa Bay. Even though you four and five, y'all got y'all something. You ain't got Mike Evans. You ain't got good one but you got you something in Tampa Bay right now. You ought to hold your head up high turn break. I don't know where you at but your ex-wife pregnant.


You Tom Brady better than me. My ex-wife pregnant. Shit I thought you could have no more kids ho. Otherwise I'd have been shooting a block off. See you women wrong man. I know y'all gonna say hey been a year or two you. I gonna give a damn if my ex y who ever ex leave me. You can't have no more kids hope boy I'm jealous. I'm a jelly. Be thick and I come over and pick my kids up. You think I ain't gonna look at that big head ass new baby you got you. You see my new baby. I see that old big head ass baby. Hell shit. Hope his feet hurt when he learn how to walk. I'm just saying I don't wish on. I just hope his feet hurt you women man y'all some male man.


Y'all put us through so much pain and misery Zel put that man through all that. Either football or me. You know that man going chew football. That's One thing you gonna do to a white man. Chew. Have him chew between football you and his dog. He going chew that football and dog every motherfucking time. See you willing to leave but that dog going be right there with him. Do you hear me? Come here boy. Good boy. You damn right when a stranger come in the yard, that dog up barking tail in the air and everything. See done one out there and got her a new man. Now she pregnant. Now you having unprotected sex.


Trash. I don't like how y'all feel about that Honestly though. If you got a girl y'all break up whatever, y'all been together for five or 10 years. You break up with her. Oh she leave you and all of a sudden she pregnant. What? What? What done? What do that do to your mind? What do that do to your psyche bro? You know what I'm saying? I'll be calling Gazelle every motherfucking day cussing out like a dog. That's how you do me. I got self motherfucking Marines. It's bad enough you divorce me bad enough that you want to take my money when you go but you wanna go out and get pregnant. Oh you evil mother. I'm just saying that gets me some of y'all will probably be okay with it man.


It is what it is. She go her way. I go my way when I leave. I got to have a upper hand. I got to have a upper hand when I leave. That's why I left the cowboy. I can't keep coming on her each and every Sunday materials in my motherfucking eye telling y'all it's going to be all right. We just hurt. No it ain't gonna be all right. I had to make a motherfucking decision y'all and I made it and I don't regret it. I feel good about the decision I made. I feel good about wearing that Buffalo Bills girl guess what? I'm going back to another Buffalo Bills game. Guess what? And it's gonna be during the playoffs. Cowboys ain't going no damn play out when that season over.


It's over. My season ain't gonna be over until I say it's over. I got to say so of this shit you got to say so your shit, you ain't got to sit there if your team trash and I, I know I got, I got a couple Las Vegas Raiders fans that aren't watching my show. I don't see how you doing it. I don't see how in the hell you're on Las Vegas raid fans. Shit. Y'all getting y ass tore up each and every Sunday. Even on Mondays. Even on Thursdays. But you still a fan. Shit man, y'all better learn how to change up and do better man. That's all I'm saying. If you're food bad you gonna keep eating bad food. That's what you showing me. Your character, your food bad. It's okay.


I'm gonna keep eating it though. No hell I'm not. I went to one of them whole high. This whole hell nerve fish me rot tail dip. You know I'm a rot tail dip baby. I grew up on rot Di she done cook rot di she finna get this meat tonight. Shit that rot deal was terrible shit I wouldn't even eat it. You good? Nah man I don't even feel good. I slid the plate to, I slid the plate to her son. Go eat it nigga. I see why you can't read now nigga 18 can't even reach go and give to him here because I don't want that shit. So if the food trash, you know that ass re but the head will fire.


I'm a pat on motherfucking head like a dog go out pow go out. Even though my stomach grow. I thought you wasn't home. Your stomach grind. Ah baby I done worked up appetite don't worry about it. Just keep doing what you supposed to do. And she keep wondering why I'm so strong and hard because I'm on roast sparks. I done told y'all it's roast spark crumbs all in my book bag. I ain't lying when I was on that flight when I was on, when I was at the airport like wilds in your bad spark chrome baby. Damn right. Don't you sniff it, it gonna let the dust hit you in your heart. Your thing gonna get hard too. Telling you real talk. I'm get you some of them rope sports one line. You see the way uncle putting it down with Michelle shoot now mama, all they meeting you see I got on them rope sports now I'm doing my thing too.


They talking to me in the bedroom now real tall. I ain't never heard no woman talk to me like they in the bedroom now. You know what I'm saying because I ain't never made them one my own before. Shit they mowing now. Damn Right. Shit telling you now man I'm mad. Lakers done lost to the damn Detroit Pistons. Why you lose to the damn Detroit PIs? Ain't nobody up there. Hey man no motherfucking mo Angelo Russell ain't doing a motherfucking thing ad bald it ad fucking bought it ad ain't the problem. I'm not gonna get on this show this year and disrespect ad in no kind of damn way. But Ru young motherfucking points you 25, 26 years old nigga boy.


DeAngelo you keep talking about. You gonna wanna get you ain't shot the ball good. Oh damn real. When you gonna shoot the ball good fam you ain't practice each and every day but it ain't working. I tell you what if if I'm JJ ready I'm bringing my fire took a gang with me, he right here in my motherfucking pocket soon. Soon as damn Russell get the missing Pat my pocket I'm fires up and think I won't fire up and went down there and lost to Detroit. Man make it make sense. Vincent played 18 minutes.


Y'all didn't take no shots. Why the fuck you dude we got you playing 18 minutes and you ain't gonna take a shot Cam Riggs, I don't even know why you on the motherfucking team. I really wanna know. I don't know why didn't take no shots play 15 minutes. Why these players playing 15, 18 minutes, JJ Red and they not taking no shot. If they not going take no shots, don't pull 'em in the damn game. We already a old team, we trying to win. We need Bron to be rested playoffs, we need ae bad Bones ass to be rested playoffs. These boys playing 39 40 minutes. That's not good. And I don't dunno what the hell going on in Milwaukee.


They wanting six. Somebody gotta go Doc River. Damn I don't give a damn. They gotta go damn little don't wanna be in Milwaukee. I'm saying it right now. He wanna be in Miami. Got in Michael Poland think he gonna go down nigga Milwaukee and get a Marine shit. Same thing going on in Portland going on in Milwaukee. Both of them ain't worth damn love. Milwaukee love my people in Milwaukee but don't nobody wanna play in no goddamn Milwaukee. Ain't nothing to do up there nigga. It Snow everywhere right now. It it ain't even. Well it snow everywhere right now. Little Little went off tonight still lost even though youngest didn't play, they still lost by two.


They lost to the Cleveland Cavaliers. I think they seven eight. Oh my boy Donvan Mitchell ball him right now. Laver balling right in up there in Cleveland. You think Tyre bro back up there the way Cleveland look, Cleveland beat the Lakers a couple days ago too so they ain't no flu now what they do in the plow gonna remain to be seen. We we We don know but right now they ain't no but we know Legon as the season progresses they gonna start taking some Ls. We do know that but right now Cleveland looking like the team to beat right now. I'm just calling it like I said right now so far the season just started. Who y'all looking at right now that that but doesn caught y'all eye.


I ain't gonna lie. Cleveland really gonna caught my eye. Milwaukee caught my eye by not what they doing Doc Rivers you po you gotta ring back with with the Celtics but that's about it, you know And I don't get all this credit I don't get, I don't understand how you a good coach and all that. Nah motherfucker you were with Tmac and that's my guy. But when y'all were one and 21 with Orlando you was, you was you was the coach then. But you go with Celtics, you get Power Pierce, you get Kevin Gordon and Red Allen and you win em ring and all of a sudden they put you on this Pel store. I dunno why You shouldn't even be coaching no damn more TNT sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues including live games in events from N-H-L-M-L-B US Soccer and More.


There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam room with EJ and Chuck in above the fold with Jemele Hill. TNT Sports is taking over primetime making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True TV Doc River Doc Triples is his damn name. Then y'all go out and get Bump Elliot Johnson Ham For what? I don't know. Right. You seen what he did to LA now y'all no time I motherfucker beer shit I'm a player and I'm on the ham.


Can't say shit to me. I push that bump every time that nigga say something to me. Hey Doug, I let the ear out there bump on bumpy ham. Lord forgive me, I'm just, just, just jokes don't take it just the wrong way. Y'all know he got shot. Thank God that he's fine, thank God but just being 100. I'll push that damn bump on Darwin ham right now man. Telling y'all the guy the truth man. Like I said, coach Lost last night, took a Viking, I won Joe Flaco pinch. I want Joe Flaco a bitch right now. You brought him in now thinking he was gonna give y'all spark and he didn't give y'all nothing but a hot. I want ar back in there.


God your time. I got 75 gig for your ass. Ar I bet you won't come out the game no motherfucking mo player make one mistake and y'all wanna punish him forever. I don't like that Adam. The NFL insider. NFL Ain't you ain't right. Their report his time is up in India. Who told you that? I wanna know what motherfucker in the organization told you his time was up because that's the case. They leaking information. Yeah he was a rookie last year got hurt. You ain't play with four games last year, ain't play with 10 games total. Anthony Rich ain't played with 10 games total. You mean to tell me y'all gonna give up on ar, y'all better not do it.


What you gonna do is get you the right motherfucking coach in now. Right. Offensive coordinator in now. And and and see the thing is y'all not developing players no more. See you gotta develop a player man. Just like a woman man. When you first get with her man you gotta, you gotta, you gotta as my back in the day old saying you got the quarter, you got To. find out what she like what she disliked. Might even gotta find out who her ex was. See a lot of times you could determine what kind of woman she is from the man that she had before you. Now if you know she was wiggle a player nigga before you and you and you know what kind of man he was, this and that, then you could kind of figure out what kind of woman she is and she a freak now she with him.


I know she was doing this and that. Then that's how you get to come on with her. You know what I'm saying? She over at the crib, she chilling. You know what I'm saying? She got her arm folded up. You know that ain't her because you know her arm wasn't folded up on his couch. You know she was dying on bending knees like she was praying doing what she supposed to do. Shit. You what you did to him do me when you with him your gas tank was on. It's on now. Show didn't have no goddamn present last year. They this fucking with me. Show call your mama and tell the guy I came through show off. That's the new saying. Show out for me.


I'm putting chicken on the god table. Mashed crazy. Roll sweet tea. Show out for me ladies. Show out for your man sometime. Stop. Stop going to bed with that bunny on your motherfucking head. Be a freak. Super freak. I like them freaky no damnit. Stop trying to put around all that bullshit. Just come like you came into the world naked. Don't wanna get in bed. Put some of that oil on you. Not some of that shit diggy head but put some of that all on your body. I want your ass glistening on that motherfucking bed. Do you hear me? I want you looking like a Tahoe with a flashlight on your ass at night.


I want you glistening want you leg up spread like Michael Jordan. Yeah I'm coming, I'm coming. I'm coming to you. What they say? Huh? What? What g say I'm coming Tom with me. Me. I'm gonna be real y'all. I'm a bbe n I'm a bad built nickel. I know it built like a beanbag. I take my shirt off right here. My shit just thaw everywhere. I come to grip with it. I'm a bad built nickel. I get it.


That's why I can't have sex with the lights on. I got to have every light off in the motherfucking house. How so? Dark. Only a vampire come in that motherfucker. Do you hear me? Vampire love my house. I don't believe in that leading lights on. I hate when a girl tell me send me a picture of you. Shit I'm gonna send you something. I won't be on that motherfucker. I bet you that send me a picture of you dub. I'll send a whole picture of iris elbow. Shit that ain't you. Says who You gonna know why. Who, who? Who? I who? I'm who? I look like oh not fixing seeing you a picture of my meat. Nothing disrespectful. I would not, I'm a man. I got standards, I got morals.


I'm not cheap. Let me see it. You gonna see something. You gonna see me Leave your motherfucking leave your life. Don't play with do like that. It's time We do better fellas. It's time we pick ourself up. It's time we start back hitting the gym, lifting weights, doing pushups, doing situps. These women at the gym each and every motherfucking day working on they body and it's one of them per very ass trainers. And they'll telling them oh baby you looking good. Oh you working out and they touching 'em on their ass and everything and they gonna say nothing. Soon as they come home we slap 'em on the ass. Stop hitting me on my butt. You gonna tell your damn train that. Don't tell me that they train ain't paying no damn bill. I got your kid, your son in every sport track, football, basketball and this nigga ain't worth for damn.


But here I am being a good stepfather man. Your son got something. You think so? Yeah boo. Yeah I'm really telling you actually you can keep giving me that and head I'm gonna tell you everything you want him but the nigga ain't got no athletic ability, can't read, can't write, can't think he can't do nothing. Right. But us men, we do that for you women. I'm just preaching here tonight. We do that for y'all. We don't really like y'all motherfucking kid but we pull up with him. We don't really like that nigga. You know he don't like me. You ain't my daddy. You damn right. I ain't 'cause I was your son nigga I put something on your ass and you know this but for outta respect of you women or stepfathers we put on a show.


We listen to the back talk, we listen to way your kids talk to you. We listen to it. we want to say something. We really want to get nothing. Put something on your son as but we don't outta respect for you now your dog are running in there out the high half naked each and every motherfucking day. Don't say nothing, don't tell mama I snuck in you a hoe. I'm not gonna hoe you a hoe. I see where your mama got, I see you got it from your mama. All that's why I really can't say nothing to you but let me tell you something, don't you ha them little nappy headed niggas running in and out my motherfucking house. I'm letting you know right now. What you mean bow letting you know right now they keep running in and out this high. They knowing who I am they gonna be trying to plot.


I'm letting you know right now before you can pow got be 100 with people. Man you got to start telling people how you feel about em man. You got people come around you, they got bumps on their lips and they be wanting to smoke the weed. Nah nigga you not hitting my, you not hitting my blunt nigga you, I gave you some smoke on your own but you not smoking nothing with me. No we drinking them. Whatever. Get your own cup fam. I'll pull you soon before you wanna put up. I be damn over my dead body then they be lying. I like fa what's up with that bump? Ah man it's a fever. Blu found that bump been there 17 weeks.


That ain't no motherfucking fever blister dog. I'm your dog. You ain't got to lie to me. You know what I'm saying? You ain't gotta lie a dog. I ain't nobody I'm I'm just like you. You keep it real with me. I'm gonna keep it real with you. You know what I'm saying? That's something we not doing now. It's a big week going on. Gender reveal going on tomorrow. We gonna To find out if our president gonna be a boy girl. Everybody going crazy behind this election. Not me. I'm trying To find out what I'm gonna eat tomorrow. I don't give a damn who president. I'm trying to figure out what I'm gonna eat. I'm trying to figure out how I'm gonna get to work. Y'all be worried about the wrong thing sometime and most of you niggas I'm gonna say it only reason y'all hooping to holler for Trump because he gave y'all $1,200 and he let y'all scam off them PP loan.


Other than that y'all wouldn't be screaming Trump's name. He gave that up. If you going vote, vote for him. If you gonna vote for Kamala, vote for her. Both of them crooked like my edge up nigga. I can't trust no three people. I want three people. I don't like Trump, I don't like Kamala and I don't like my barber. Look at my edge up y'all my sits sick. My edge up got Covid nigga. Nigga texted me. When you gonna get your next cut you won't do it. You will be in jail nigga.


I bet you be cutting somebody else her in there and I bet you gonna mess up. They hering jam nigga be messing my her up knowing I can't fight. I'm gonna fight the real way. I'm sewing. Oh sewing people. I ain't, I gotta get some straightening though. But how y'all feeling tonight though man? I'm going through it. I can't find the right barber. Only thing I got going for me right now is Roach sparks 'cause they work. Yeah I ain't gonna bullshit. That shit work man. I really feel good about myself. I feel good about the decisions I been making in my life lately. Switching teams was one of the best moves I could ever do.


'cause Cowboy not going to the playoffs. Y'all Buffalo Bills is going to the playoffs. If you ain't never been to Buffalo you should go up there. Man this all white people treat you like a king up there boy. I'm not Bullshiting boy. Them some of the nicest white people in the world. I got to call my uncle and tell him all white people ain't racist. You a motherfucking law Don White people treated me. My homeboy they had. Ooh I'm talking about with love with girl. You want a Turkey leg bubble? I do. I weigh more than one. It was hot too Fall on that motherfucker. That motherfucker fall off the bone like Turkey. Turkey leg hut used to do. If you ever been to Turkey leg Hu back in the day, you know that meat Lynn used to have that meat fall off the bone. That's how that Turkey leg was falling off the bone up there in Buffalo.


Bubba. You want hot chocolate? I do. You know we got one spike. You know white people, I don't one with they word spike. What you mean Spike? Oh we got Fireball in our hot chocolate. Hell I that too. Shit. I brought that spike hot chocolate. I was up cheering all damn Jane White people friends. You know we having a bonfire. I was like hold on now because you know, you know what y'all like to do girl, I goddamn bonfire. I don't want no you ain't got nothing to worry about Bubba. I promise you. You and your friend y'all in good god damn hands. My dad is to serve. You ain't gotta worry about nothing. We got you anything we can do for you, you let me know right now.


Well I'm glad you said that but my credit is terrible but I need alone. What you talking bubble man look him man I need about $300,000. I pay you back in four years. We interest. I think we can work some of my bubble shit. I got 300,000 coming y'all. Y'all ain't Finn be seeing me go live. No motherfucker mo just show over. I'm not bullshitting. When I get that 300 k this show over, I'm finna start showing out. I'm finna show y'all my country as I'm finna buy four wheelers and and trailers and and dump trucks and everything. Hey shit I fucking enjoy myself.


That's what you got to do. Got to enjoy yourself man y'all, some of y'all not enjoying y'all self because your team ain't worth a damn. Don't let your team affect your life. I didn't. I've been doing it for years man. I finally took a stand. You should take a stand too. We are talking if you're watching this show then you gotta know your show being presented by a prize picture that's right down below pic. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs baby. Yeah first time users you put $5 in, they give you 50 W you bullshit. I ain't gonna put $5 in watch it. I'm gonna give you 50 and it's more or less on your favorite player. I'm not bullshitting you. Yeah, why y'all feel about the game tonight though?


D hop got him a touchdown Shout I out the Deandre Hopkins man had the luxury of meeting D Hop four years ago in a down south of my homeboy. Jeff Shelley Spivey my homeboy. He be having them oxtails before my boy Les Bobby Key was doing them like oxtail my boy Spivey InTown. He used to have them oxtail. He still do every now and then have 'em going on. We went chop. We went over Dhop house one night, had a, had a beautiful conversation man. Four years ago. I gotta tell this story. I gotta keep it 100 man. Dhop had one of the finest yellow bones in the mother. Now I'm what I'm saying I'm I it's Dhop.


I'm sorry Dhop. You see this shit. But I'm just being 100 nigga four years ago I, I wasn't who I am today. I really wasn't just paying no conversation attention to your conversations. I had my eyes on the prize. I was laid back just like this. They yellow had green eyes. I ain't never seen no yellow with green eyes. She was tall. We dhop like yeah I see you in my mind. Nigga shook. Oh I'm trying to talk to yo, I'm trying to talk to the yellow. That's when I was young and immature and didn't know no better but I just wanted to throw that out there. Check out Dhop cool guy. I just wanna, you know, I wanna confess.


These are my confessions. I was looking at your G dog. I don't know if that a gal or something you had flew in at the time. I don't know if you ain't working now, slide me a number dog. She nigga good. No I'm whoop now I can work with now I, I can take out the heat. I can take a steak 48 now. I might not get nothing to eat but she damn sure gonna eat. You ain't hungry? Nah man I ain't, I'm just, you know I'm, I'm working on my carbs and shit. You know I be capping like that fella. You take girl out. You really ain't got no money. Just lie man. I'm working on my carb. I just want see you eat. I just want, I just want you to treat you to the five and shit. Even though your stomach growling like a motherfucker. It's all good. It's all good. You ain't gotta eat. Well guess what I'm eating though. I'm eating something after this.


I'm going down, down. Gotta go down sometimes you gotta make decisions man. See what's wrong with y'all some y'all got man, girl because you like you got females, y'all go on dates just to eat. Y'all be hungry no motherfucker. Right. Y'all don't even really like us. Y'all just be going out just trying to eat. Stay your hungry ass at the house ho. Real talk. Stay your ass at the house. Don't be coming out the house trying to use us to go out and eat and on the phone with your home girl texting your home girl. Girl, I really don't like this nigga but this food good. Y'all wronged in them motherfuckers. Now what if we did that? What if we took y'all out? You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? What if y'all took us out and we just came there just to eat and really didn't have no interest in you.


Y'all will be mad but y'all women do that all the time knowing you gonna like him Nigga 900 pound can't even get up from the table but you acting like you really ain't arrested. Stop it then after the date you want to kiss me on my nigga cheek. Talk to you later dub. I be damn ain't gonna be none of that. We finna ride around all white and I'm throwing hints. I done fed you a good meal. You can't feed me. I don't understand what you trying to say ho. I ain't trying to say nothing. I'm saying that. So you saying you going sleep with me on the fresh date? I don't. I don't be doing all that. I shit you can do.


It's gonna be your first time Show out for me. Bought your son. Them phone es them damn phone. Es ain't cheap. Your son 13 worth side. 18 shoe. Oh Big foot have him Mother I shoot $285 TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam room with EJ and Chuck in above the fold with Jamil Hill.


TNT Sports is taking over primetime making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on true TV Women. Y'all got to show out for us men man. Y'all, y'all. I don't know man. It is. It's like man we we, we we losing man. We losing man. And we do anything for y'all 'cause y'all fine and pretty and cute. Y'all feel like y'all should be able to get everything y'all want. Well I'm the prize. What? What about me? I don't want Cat and Head all the time. I want you to hold me too ho. I got problems, you know what I'm saying?


I hear voices at night. Hold me, read me a book. Talk to me about the Bible. Huh? Yeah. It ain't all about you women all the time man. Because man we need to be held too. Hold me tight so the bed bugs don't bite. Y'all don't care nothing about this. It's all about y'all. Y'all be like Dub got going through shit. I'm going through a whole lot of shit y'all. But I won't lose my faith. I won't lose the faith and I'm gonna keep fighting to the very end. Y'all. I'm still a cowboy at heart. Y'all. I know my fans man. I love y'all. I'm still a cowboy. That heart and my heart, I'm a cowboy fan. Like I told you earlier in the show, I'm a cowboy fan in private but in public I'm Bills I'm gonna steal fights commanders, you gonna see it.


I got all them motherfucking jerseys and, and I'm gone. Had to match, choose to match. I ain't got the three pair of draws but that's my damn business. Yeah dude y'all be seeing me do be clean. I be cleaning the motherfucker but I ain't got for two or three pair of draws. He had them black draws on yesterday. I got three pair of black draws. Thank you. We. Don't know which one these is had them drawers on so long. If I take 'em off they'll stand up. I'm not bullshitting. But that's me and God business not yours, which my girl will watch my drawers. The the, the relationship is over.


Good luck. Touch my drawer. I'm superstitious ho. Now you gonna mess up your shit. Look, now I'm out your life now all because you decide to wash my drawer. I don't like mind your business, mind your mother getting business. That's One thing about relationship. If you mind, your business relationship will last a long time. But the minute you motherfucker get to being nosy and wanna go through phones and go through draws, I'm outta fail. Some of y'all right now at work Polly listening to the show. Thank you for listening. Guess what?


You can go Apple podcast and listen right now you can go over Spotify. I need y'all to go over there and get them downloads up for me right now on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Go and download the bubble dub show right now. Y'all keep saying y'all love the show. I appreciate it but we gotta get these numbers up man because you know Dub can't be on ESN. They gonna try to PC me. I don't wanna be pc. I don't never wanna be watered down. I wanna be just the way I am raw and uncut and give y'all a sports information and the word information just the way I'm giving it to you right now. I got some white people tuning in. Thank you. I know some of y'all gonna understand a god thing I'm saying but my people in the comments gonna let you know.


But you white people, y'all keep coming in. You ain't got nothing to be afraid of. I got y'all back. I ain't bullshiting, I got you white people back. That's until it's, it's about six hundreds then you gonna win. But if it's fives and it's me and you, I cut you back. I can make them get you outta list. But when it's 15 or 20 nickles, I dunno. Y'all bubba now how you know my name? It says it right there on that shirt. Well hell if you can read Good. Look at that sign. No, write aloud loud.


Nah, I'm just playing man. But overall go man, how y'all feeling though man? Like it's a lot going on man. I know the world puts so much pressure on us man. To go out here and vogue and try to be, you know what I'm saying? Margo citizens, when there's so much chaos going on in this world when it's so much senseless killings going on in the world with police, police brutality, man it is too many of us my own color killing one another sometimes. I don't even know man. Being a black man, sometimes you gonna know if you going to make it home, man, police get behind you, you get scared.


You going, you going to know if you gonna make it home and that should never be the case man. That should never be the case. We are speaking some real shit to you now. Man. The police get behind you. Y'all drive to a, a safe place where you can, where it's lights where people could see what's going on and police tell you roll down. You wonder, you roll down your wonder man comply with the police. All that arguing and sometimes it's unnecessary. Sometimes they pull us over for no reason why go black. But you gotta comply with the law man. They tell you roll your window down, you roll your window down. They tell you get out the car, get out the car man, don't make it hug on yourself to what it is. I lost somebody.


All they had to do was just lay down on the ground and they didn't wanna lay on the ground. They wanna put up a fight and got killed and it hurts, hurts my heart to this day. But if he would just listen to what that cop was telling him, maybe he would still be here man. And that bothers me. He had kids and I have to look out for his kids and you know man, it gets sad man. It it is. And me being a man about the situation and like I say, I'm always gonna take care of his kids. That's that's, that's not even an afterthought. But I can fell in love with your baby mama. Y'all. And I know y'all ready to judge me.


Don't do it. IIII fought, I fought it. I fought it much as I could y'all. I I didn't wanna go there with her but the head boy that, that I ain't never had a head like that in my life. Y'all, that woman looked me in my eyes and she go down there and she sign my spoon for me. Do you hear me? My mama, his mama keep wondering why I keep going over there. I'm telling him I'm trying to, I'm I'm working with his son to get him in football but I'm really not.


I'm working with his, I'm working with them kids mama y'all man. And I'm, I'm admitting it to the world now y'all, I'm not ashamed no more. I know you gonna get mad when you see his about swag, but it's the truth. We can't keep hiding what we got going on and I'm ready to take the next step and by that I mean I'm ready to get down on my knee and and ask you to be with me for life. I ain't never had nobody do me like the way you do me And I know my fans watching now. W you whole as nigga. I, y'all know I am. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not ashamed. I'll be wherever y'all I am because if you were getting what I getting you do it too.


My homeboy always told me, you that girl with cold and I I get man whatever. He wasn't lying. Y'all that go, I get goosebumps right now thinking about it. I'm ready to end this line right now and go get in the bed wall. She do something to do now. You know ain't lying when you got that one she tell you pull up you you on the road, you one them hos. She wanted them. I could lay up wiggle smoke, wiggle pillow, talk w talk to her about anything. I got my PS five in the living room. Her kids playing Fortnite and and and shit. We good. We happy it's the outside mama because this hating my mama can be a sign.


I didn't raise you like that. You ain't raise me no way. Hold pick. Mama raised me in the hell you gonna take Craig for something you ain't doing. You ain't a real man. You can't do him like that. He ain't girl. He ain't here to tell me no what he gonna like it. He not saying nothing so let me do what I do. My mama don't like it but she going, she gonna trip when I bring them food stamps over there. No she don't go and put it in my eyes back baby. Woo. My baby brought me some groceries y'all. Yeah. Come on man. Gonna do me like that Mama. I love you won't do me like that. Now somebody hit me a do so you mean tell me man you ain't gonna stop sleeping with your homeboy baby mama.


Hell no he not her. He passed on died called him home so me and her can be together. I'm not stopping this shit until death. If I go tomorrow I already got in my bitch Atari. She was a special friend to me. My baby mama. Them ain't getting none of that mentioned in my bitch. But she is a special dear friend to Bubble Door and and I got her in my will. I want take care of her. I got it in her wheel. She can get half of my money long as she gonna get that cat and mouth to nobody else. Them is the turn and they non-negotiable my baby mama.


You leaving the kids something? Hell no. I'll not in the name of God. I will not RI Peter Quincy Jones. RI Peter Quincy Jones. We lost iconic, iconic legend man work with Michael Jackson. Yeah he responsible for that thriller album. Even talented as Mike was. It was Quincy Jones writing no motherfucking hits. Do you hear me talented as Michael was. Quincy Jones brought the best outta Mike.


Mike was a real nigga. Y'all ain't know that Mike wasn't? No Mike was a real nigga. I said might whoop Tupac. That's what they say. I don't believe it but that's the rumor going on. I heard that you heard they say Michael Jackson put hands on Tupac. I don't know, maybe they up there in Thug Paradise right now playing dominoes. I dunno. But RIP to Quincy Jones man. Condolence to the family condo to some of y'all. I know some of y'all probably done lost a family member but so I'm giving condo to anybody out think gonna lost somebody. I just lost somebody recently. I lost my frog. I had a pet frog Roy. I lost him.


I was, I love that damn frog boy. I ain't gonna bullshit you. I love that frog. Y'all probably seen him on some commercials while back Bud Wise Earth. That was my frog in that commercial y'all. But thank y'all for tuning in tonight man. Both of y'all enjoyed this show. You know Doug gonna bring y'all this sports comedic shit that nobody can bring to y'all but me. He gets not to into the ticket show. I already talked about the Kansas City chief defeating the Buccaneers tonight. Overtime 30 24. Pat Mahomes looked great, didn't have no inceptions a night. That was a plus. He been turning the ball over over season then Andre Hopkins got his fresh touchdown.


Travis Keon had 14 catches a hundred yards, had 16 targets. Lemme tell y'all something man. When when that flat booted, when that flat booted motherfucking Swift girl, girl Dr. Kelsey be getting out. Taylor Swift is special. Y'all I know y'all get tired. Y'all get tired of looking nigga. I used to but no I can, I can start to like that old flat booty motherfucker. I like that. I like her. If you're a buck near fan, hold your head. You got something, you're building on something over there with Baker Mayfield right now you're four and five but you a good four and five. You still in division with the Falcons even though they a cur five chain wearing as cousin looking good right now.


Carolina Panther won Beat the Saints 2322 Bryce Young, I told you you, you'll be back playing again and you just keep it up. You still got a play better but you won Trash Sugar Day Trash Sugar Day going to no other than the Jerry Jones. Man, each and every damn year you, we we mediocre and you don't know how to make no changes bro. You continue to sit on, in, in, in the suites and look down at that fag ass IComp head coach of ours and continue to let him mess this team up.


I don't get it. I don't get it for the love of God. I don't get it. Maybe you working on something that we can't see. Maybe you might wanna bring in Coach Prime. I don't know. I'm just throwing that out there. I don't know. Maybe Coach Prime might be there next year. I don't know. I know that's farfetched, but damn it. I want somebody in there beside Mike Courtney, how y'all feel. If Coach Prime came to the Dallas Cowboy, what would that look like? Like for a second, let's take a time out to think about that. What would the Dallas Cowboy look like with Coach Prime as the head coach? Honestly, would Dak still be the the quarterback would, should do be on the team backing up Dak and I'm just throwing that out there y'all.


Maybe it's farfetched. I don't know. I don't know what coach we could brag. I gonna see Bill Bilichick coming into the Dallas Cowboy. Him and Jerry Jones not going to get along because, 'cause Bill Belichick liked to run the team himself. That was Robert Kraft would do was let Bill Belichick do his thing. Jerry Jones not going to do that. He's not going to do that, but, but what the Dallas Cowboy look like, that's Coach Prime is the head coach. I wanna know y'all let me know what y'all think. Man. Thank y'all for tuning in. Tonight's show man. Peace, love. I'm out. The Volume. TNT Sports on True TV is here, is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More.


There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold with Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True TV.