
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home, the hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant.


The fans rebelled and wanted the old S sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enterprise Sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up.


Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next.


In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. The volume, what it do everybody welcome to The Bubba Dub Show.


I, I'm here Memorial Day Monday. Y'all been celebrating the day y'all been out here barbecuing. I've been smelling it and yet because barbecue smell yet because the smoke smell good don't mean the damn food. Good I to stop by p your people high. We barbecue. Pull up. I pull up. Jump out. You're smelling real good. When not bite into that damn sandwich. Trash. I shoulda went to golden. Everybody can't barbecue. White black mess out. Everybody can't barbecue. What? Happy Memorial Day. See everybody.


Well welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Hit the like button, hit the Subscribe button and make sure you keep your notifications turned on 'cause You know we likes to go live over here. Jail just got through watching the game. Okay, see knock the elk after wolf mouth tonight. 1 28, 1 26 Shay Alexander killed us. Yeah, shady came to Antman house and dropped off. Do you hear me? On the road. Come guess what your superstar do. I'm bringing you. You telling everybody you better than me to prove it nigga shit.


Skinny man. Thin man. Don't wait for 70 goddamn pounds. Came in and gave you what? 20 and one night on the road Jaylen Williams gave you a 34 34 cage going from Wing stop. That's what Jaylen Williams gave us. Found mcg gave all the rules tonight. Got 27 points from their bench. Somebody trying to go to the finals. If you ask me somebody woke up and they think Wes this morning OKC take a three to one lead right now against the rubber list Ant man I don't even know what to say no more Julius round the AKA Funny Marco by goddamn points in 28 minutes.


Nick you coulda gave you I could do that at the ymca. A Marco gave you 28 minutes tonight. Five motherfucking points about a little Anthony town looking like a boony right now for the Knicks. The timber wolf got lemon. You only had two fire fail. What's the goddamn problem with you? One for seven? You got go and get it and man you to be the face of the league right now.


See like you the face of making babies right now you in Nick Can five 13 train took two shots to first ain't gonna get in dog. You see you got, you got something You know because it came in your house tonight and put it down. I'm talking about putting it down like that nigga came over here and put it down with my baby mama. Put it down. Don't You know not walk in that nigga eat my pork chop sandwich.


High sauce. Don't get saturates on top of that motherfucker. People eating my pork chop sandwich in my house. A damn thing I could do about it but there was a hell of a game though. I mean OKC was up much as 11 points. I mean the W kept fighting back. Fighting back. They got like 62 points from they bench tonight from the w Divin went off Divin Haggard knife What? 21. 21 from him had 23 from Walker. This all off the bench. The bitch was balling night.


Nas re game nine That ain't gonna fucking get it. And what the fuck Mike Gunney Jr doing out there nigga 52 years old. The Miss 75 right hand. You be in the league nigga. I know you left. You can't shoot what you right. I don't understand this shit man. Five for 13 shots nigga it just 13 shots. Kobe woulda had 13 shots in the first quarter. You team went down most of the night bro.


You got, you got to be aggressive dog. You got to be shooting, you got to be doing everything you can for your team to win. Unless you hurt, you don't look hurt to me. Ain't no excuses for me. You ain't the best player on the court right now. It's SGA and it's not even close. KC hit 16. I got 37 threes tonight. The Wolves hit 18 out of 41 threes tonight. Bo team shot over 50% so Bo team was getting they shots but the Wolves had 22 turnover. When you have 22 turnover you gonna fucking lose. And I don't know what the head coach to Minnesota do.


I don't know what he doing no more. Not playing Julian Randall down certain street. Julian run just do like a chicken with his head cut off just running around up and down the court. It makes no sense to me. But KC 1 1 28, 1 26. It's over I it's 3, 3 1. It's over. They ending this shit down in OKC. Them niggas out there in them oil fields that they getting a day off. They all going to the game. It's wrap them Tulsa are four for them. Tulsa are fresh. 48 nigga they driving down OKC. They finna celebrate they next game Wednesday.


If You know nothing about Tulsa, Oklahoma. Yeah that was the black on wild on Wall Street. If y'all don't know nothing about they look up your history. The Black Wall Street blacks, we had our own hospitals on jail. We had our own everything up there in Tulsa. God we were getting off to, they bombed us giving y'all some history of what's going on up there in Tulsa. But now lil niggas up there shooting everybody and everybody don't. I be with Jay Money serving this shit killing getting old. But when them cops killers, God damnit we we we we riding and shit and and and and we should especially when they ain't justified but God damn we got to be the same way with one one another too.


We gotta stop kicking one another. We gotta stop getting so mad to make us wanna go and get a gun and take somebody else out. We got to stop all that shit. You gotta take your ass whoopings. That's the problem. I took plenty of them. I'm still here. You know how many niggas don't put they motherfucking hands on me. I didn't wanna go and get no gun. I got something better than that. Jail. Jail don't really like jail. They ain't gonna be doing too much to keep going back. Now you got some people love jail. Why? Because what's in the ass? Yeah that's nigga like going in ass.


They hard on the street but the as off in the inside. I done told y'all before, it's some niggas I am right now. Hardcore waiting room every day lifting weights, iron in the streets doing they thing with deep. Ain't nobody because they like that but now they bending over. How hardstyle they jumping on the phone though with the baby mama. You tell my son when I get home I'm gonna put some mo's as because because but in now you ain't getting nothing. You ain't putting nothing. They putting it on your ass bend over, spread wide. Hold on now he niggas, they claiming they so real hard in jail.


They let another man hold them by they hips and hit them. What ain't do that y'all I know I done got off track from basketball but I'm just explaining some, some some live shit to y'all to tell you stop shooting throw but I can die them es You know I got pulled over earlier. Me and my uncle trunk full of motherfucking illegal fireworks Soon the law pulled us over, asked for do we got anything in the court. Illegal. My uncle no I stood up. You a motherfucking lie. Check the trunk for tap of me.


Don't get the tap of me now. You smart. My son get I told you you gonna be speeding, you driving 45 in the 20 they gonna get us. Unc had to learn the hard way. Soon as I seen them sirens, I started sweating like a prostitute in church on top not don't fold, I'll fold it like a long chair on the beach. He telling me how I, how I should react to the police. You know motherfucker, I'm scared gang jiggers out the car. They riggers. I right on telling me be quiet fan nephew. You had them right. Remain silent. Nah nigga you do. I'm not going the jail.


Lucky I'm here or the car woulda got towed. I'm look, I I drive the car home officer. But you gotta want this shit man. You gotta, you, you gotta want it in this NBA and I know it's hard man. Kings fighting all year round to to to get to the NBA finals man. I'm just thinking that man gonna come out and just ball out. Man you got to this brother so talented. Just shoot the three got the first step got can jump. He he, he got everything but dude, he got the wheel but dude, he got the wheel to wheel his team to a victory because they was right there. They was right there the night you got the run to Julius Round.


You got to grab that nigga get in the game nigga. He ain't sports. I need you in the fucking, you over here sweating. Game done a god damn thing for me. I aunt man I'm on the bench like this. They showing me the playbook. Fuck that playbook play. That's what I need you to do. Box rebound. Who? Rudy go. You get your big long lanky ass down now and blocks you shots don't you? Put your hand in this hug a no more. When we say 1, 2, 3 wool goddamn ba get thing, get it done.


How y'all feeling tonight man? Know some of y'all full of barbecue. Some of you full of brisket right now. Some of you gonna got so damn full you don't even wanna go to work tomorrow because you was out today. You chilled all day. Now you contemplating because you gonna stay up late and again, watch the game now you ready to go in and lay out. You really don't wanna go to work but you gotta go. 'cause if you don't go to work, how you going to eat? How you go eat some more shit going on out here in the world, man, you got, sometimes you have to sit back and reflect and just, and God man, for what you had in life, man, the other night, man, me and Champ, me and Floyd, we we riding through Vegas, we riding through strip.


We in the roll Royce, man. I'm fresh off the Wheeler Warrens tour. I'm, I'm on top of the world man. I'm, I'm feeling great man. I'm I I'm starting to fight. You know, he we got, he got, he got a, we got a couple exotic women in the car with us Hell far name from over him. Hell, I'm talking about bad. I'm talking about super bad. So I'm feeling myself, y'all man, I'm starting to feel like I finally made it. Y'all real talk man. I never really talked like this but I'm just showing my experiences with y'all. I'm starting to find, I'm starting to feel like I finally made it but then that's when I realized this levels to this shit. You see, champ had just bought a brand new Mayback champ had just bought a new plane and only thing I had new was these goddamn teeth.


That's all the fuck I had was new teeth. He had new everything, all that his teeth. Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh.


It's back in Walmart, target and other stores not for under $4. There's A reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause.


And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com. Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com.


I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the cmba Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group voit. Were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary.


We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets.


Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. It made me had to humble myself, boy you ain't done shit. You ain't made it, you ain't got a motherfucking pain. The only thing I do got that nobody can take from me. We all got it if you call on him and that's Jesus Christ. If I ain't got nothing else, I got that.


I got that. God is good man. God is great. Don't think this what I'm going through and don't think it happened overnight. It didn't. This shit is a marathon over him every day. God bless me to wake up man. I'm thankful man. 'cause I could have been called home but I'm still him. I'm still smiling even through pain, I'm still just smiling. Yeah, we ain't gonna give up one thing about this black, we ain't going to give up. We ain't no fucking quis. We might be lazy but we ain't no fucking quilters. We gonna go out, I gotta finish the job. It ain't about me no more.


It's about us. So if I can get around the floor at Maywell, I can get around anything else in this world. If you put your mind to it now I want them big movies to come now I'm gonna go kill him. I ain't waiting on shit. I'm not waiting on nobody, nobody. Same way people around you they got, they gotta motivate you man. Riding around campus, just giving me games. Just on the real estate things man. Things they gotta should be buying. Damn the watch. Damn the chain. Damn the car own you a house my nigga get you some units. I'm just giving y'all games.


What he giving me? Buy you some units. So y'all look at the cars now. That shit cool. Damn. All that. Like I tell Tim this shit is nice, cool. You know what I'm saying? Woo woo. How do I get these motherfucking s and keep stacking them and stacking them and stacking them? That's what I wanna know. I wanna get the game and bring it back to my people who ain't who, who probably never know how to get this game but I want serve with 'em for free. I'm not writing no book. I'm not, I'm not starting no seminar classes to charge out for free game. That ain't what do do what? I'm gonna share it. I'm gonna teach you nigga. All I'm doing to y'all is teaching.


Y'all showing y'all gotta wise up. I'm soaking up game. I want it all. How you do this, how you do that? Don't go down that road. Okay Bet God. Damnit that's that's it's live is about about live. It's about learning shit man. And I thinking You know everything. I don't know everything God I don't but I want to get some people around me that know this and know this and know this and know that, know how to move. Know not to make that move nor learn when to be quiet. That's all we gotta do man. We going to and we gonna be okay. I promise you that man.


I'm hearing t and Roach gonna be going down in in Vegas. We hatch. Can't wait to see this one the tank. No he got the goddamn come on. Ain't no more li gagging in that boxing ring right now. You, you can't get embarrassed and regardless of what Tank saying and I love him to death but he don't like that draw on his record. He don't like it. That means they don't know who won to fight between me and you. That mean they don dunno soon say, You know, say you won but why you do a dog again to prove who that top dog is.


When me and that stu thought she was the top dog, I I I could come out and make it Now the stud hit me with a bad motherfucker. I ain't see it. I was talking to her like I'll put some on your dyke bow. She hit me dead in my nose water. Like I couldn't see, I seen my, I seen my elementary school teacher to be honest when they stood hitting me and I fell out, I, I wasn't really out. I was just embarrassed and shit and I started shaking and shit like I had a seizure and shit like, and I put a lie out like I was no diabetic and I haven't ate and I had been stressed and I ain't slept in two or three days because I but on just being honest now she knocked me out and I'm okay with that.


I'm okay with that. Y'all sometimes you got to accept defeat. I accepted my defeat. What's it goes back sometime when you, when you do these and you get knocked out like I knocked out. Most people wanna run and get a gun man I didn't do all that man. I just learned to stay away from that motherfucker. That's the, the difference. This ain't no regular stud like her, her, her father and them were Crips, You know what I'm saying? The rolling sixties from You know from them neighborhood type I I'm from Alto, Texas. I ain't no grew, we ain't got no damn gang. We ain't bang, we ain't gang banging on that.


We grew up selling peas and kicking berries and playing in red dirt and shit and playing football and and on on concrete. That's what we grew up in. We didn't, we didn't grow up shooting anything and doing drive-bys and all this trip walking and we ain't do all that from different cultures but what my New York nigga fans in right now man I gotta give y'all, y'all do. Y'all came through in Indiana last night bowling now. Now somebody on here asked me a question Bubba do would you rather be in the room full of New York rats or fighting dig charge put me in the room with the rats because I got keys now I don't facing what Diggy did so you want me to put myself in Digger's situation.


I don't sleep with men Pam so I can never picture myself or put myself in Digger's shoe. I don't walk with men, I don't want other men calm on my nipple. Never not putting myself in no goddamn diggy. Sure Diddy out here sneaking and kid Cutty house hiding his dogs in the bathroom blowing up his car, unwrapping his Christmas deal. Diddy a woman you can't tell me P Diggy ain't behind closed door. P Diggy was putting on his mama dresses and his sister Dukes name ain't Sean Combs, it's Sean, that's his name.


Sean Co. And I pay attention to what's going on in the world. Trump done have a meeting to have every rich motherfucker in the world to attend this meeting on his coin. You know Trump got a currency coin going right now. I don't give a damn Trump saying he ain't gonna give a damn what's going on in the world right now. I'm having the meeting up print this goddamn white house and we going have big money. I like it. I used to have ho ooh don't think the good old white boys ain't up there jamming in them white listen to our music, they listen. Trump love tu on. How do you hold it to, how do you feel?


Y got some imported cheese from tying on the crackers. I how them white boy roll baby Ur niggas got rot, tail dip. White people got uv this difference we got. See they got wine, we got weed, they got goat, we ain't got backyard. They on boats. It's a difference rising up everybody.


We gotta, we gotta be smarter. These motherfuckers trying to go up there for a reason. What's finna happen now here? This y'all keep trying to run up out. You can't run from God. That's the problem man. Done thought man done came up somehow in his mind that he's s smarter than God never get them rich being them motherfuckers that look at Steve Jobs had all the money in the world but needed a what? A kidney guy called him home. They ain't what you got. God wants your soul.


If you gonna give it to them, the devil got, You know it might sound like I'm preaching tonight but I ain't just preaching to y'all. I'm preaching to my damn self. I got my own thoughts. I'm not perfect devil don't pretend to be ain't but one perfect man. Watch this earth, that Jesus cry. One thing I do know when you start getting a little success, success brings greed. Success brings envy. You could be the best person in the world, never do nothing to nobody. You're up in one day and get you a brand new car now. The same people used to smile at you every day in your regular little vehicle. Now they ain't smiling no more now marrying up at you.


I'm talking to those black folks. We the most nosy, jealous, hateful motherfuckers in the world cheer you on all day when you dying. You know but soon as you get here nigga stop cheering for you nigga stop clicking on your video nigga. Stop commenting on your shit. I ain't trying to help that nigga do nothing. She ain't, I'm saying nigga, nigga ain't replied to my dm, nigga ain't seen your dm. What you in my DM for nigga God way ain't buy business. Fuck with ho nigga. I know nigga. Oh because people ain't seen your lot of time. People ain't, You know how many times I DM A a, a lot of people they never responded but I bump into 'em in real life.


What's up? Oh man duh boy I fuck with you so my nigga you my nigga. Ah nigga I ain't DMed you. Oh damn nigga I ain't see it my bad And it's cool. I don't hold nothing against people. I don't hold nothing against nobody. Nobody owes me nothing. Nobody owes you nothing. That's why you gotta go and create shit for your own, have your own platform so you ain't gotta worry about nobody trying to hold nothing on your over your head because they'll do it. Lord I help them get a car. No I helped him get a high and I hooked him up with old girl, You know what I'm saying? That's how it go.


They'll ho you can, they'll hold it over your head man and you can't let them. You got to be a natural leader. Natural leader. You can't beat your house. How you gonna leave somebody else? That's all I'm saying to you. So I'm ready to see what these New York Knicks are going to do tomorrow night against the Indiana Pacers series two one right now. We got a series right now to see how, how the burn come out this next game where they play with a sense urgency. Miles Turner been playing great, been stretching the floor for the Pacers last game. Neman Smith didn't have a good game.


Let's see if he can come back this game and duplicate what he did in game game two. Nick Bronson what you going to do fam? You took the pay cut, you got the players you want, you got to deliver, you got the motherfucker deliver dog. Simple as that. Kat been stepping up polling can he keep doing what he's been doing because it really comes down to them two and can makay bridges can you get them from 16 to 18 points dog If you can get them from 16 to 18 points. The New York rat Knicks got a chance. You gonna think them damn rats woman hit the parade. You don't think them rats women ride down in NYC on the little old things and shit. That's what the rats wanna do and they fucking deserve they tired of the subway, they tied of the underground.


They wanna be over the road now they wanna be seen again. Goddamn rats from have they own go New York. The red got and no motherfucker got some clothes collection out this goddamn world. They wearing Kanye new fit too. You know that motherfucker, my rat friend FaceTimed me today. He had on them first Yeezus one when he was with Nike. Yo you can't find them no goddamn world. My rat had 'em on. They was in Nick's colors. I ain't bullshit. You got rat hat on Nick Colors Ezzy them Yeezy ones I with the Jeremy Lynn Jerry Sound come.


It's a rats world. That's way illegal. Motherfuckers right now ain't going to jail get paid for it. Living good things done changed. Pablo Escobar rolling over and his goddamn crazy right now. All these rats running around him. Me, I don't give a damn if you round not rat up pat a tail. I don't give a damn. I'm not going to jail. Never. You better not do nothing wrong around me. I did it right in your motherfucking face And I do it with passing too wrong with.


We see so much shit going on. We don't say nothing. We got business two motherfucker must white people going do that. You see, you tell when you tell it all one one thing, one thing about white people, them motherfuckers can tell a story. They can paint that picture to that law man. They can paint that picture to that judge. Them motherfuckers are giving them be real serial killers but they'd be crying. Talk about what they went through with childhood and and how they parents lock them in their room for five minutes. They couldn't have their phone and and and and that's the reason why they snapped and them motherfuckers get sent to a psych ward for 15 years and back home. Now us niggas, we going to prison or we going death from I ain't have my father so, so, so is a whole lot of other niggas and hagg they father was in the house with him.


Gotta be up on gang baby. You gotta pay attention to what's going on out here. You goddamn days man. Don't nobody want, don't nobody want to take responsibility for our actions no more. Man I ain't have my dirty in my life man. It be my act like this no nigga, we ain't doing all that now. This is part of the show now we doing something different. Motherfucker breakdown the the baseball So y'all now. Oh yeah, I gotta tell you what we on 12 games today. Yes sir. There's a lot of motherfucking teams. Should be the same. They said Johns beat the Tigers. You know what I'm San Francisco got the W against Detroit today. I guess Detroit was more focused on mo oil than, than being on the diamond field today. Brules beat the rest side. Jackson Torrio. Homer on the first pitch today pitch from Gary Croque.


Gary Croquette still had 11 strikeouts. If you don't know what baseball is, I mean know how it go. Let him strike out. That means Gary Cro the pitch motherfuckers Outr the yeah still had them straight guys man shout out to the Milwaukee Brewer. CC beat the Rockies. Now listen, the Chicago Rocko Rockies are nine and four five. They done fired every motherfucking body on the team nine and 40 now Coach Prime got the the the the Buffalo looking good, the Denver Nuggets looking good. The Denver, the Broncos on the now Colorado was soccer motherfucking team is DI 9 4 5.


Come on Daw. They fired everybody. They fired the coach Bud Black. They fired the best coach Sid. They they fired a whole lot of goddamn people. Orange beat the cardinals dial Carson hit a three run bum today. Baltimore Hogg nigga Summer cookout right now come and what I tell y'all about my boy for the LA Dodgers, they one day too commute. Sure your turn hit another home run. He got 19 full yo told you sure your turn that drop be motherfucker got something they tune in baseball. That's where you better be putting your fall in at. We'll get to that in a minute but I'm telling you baseball is, what's it right now?


Blue Jay beat the Ranger. Kevin GOs pitch like his Ja was on the line and they six strike out six something. You write them up, I'm gonna send them back to that goddamn bug out. Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they fd up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it.


Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause.


And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. Clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next.


In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets.


Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away you gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else but never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council.


Y'all gonna see at a couple baseball games. Sure I'm not bullshitting. I'm pulling up that damn Reds beat the Royal. I already told you the Dodge Beat the guardian rage, beat the twins and dive by bats. Beat the pirate. They shug them out five to zero. Pittsburgh Pirate Ain't Wolf a damn. Yeah, that's my baseball take for the day. Every time I'm going live now I'm gonna give y'all a baseball score on what's going on in baseball. God damnit no right now. Sure your tongue 19 home runs Aren Ju got 18, they playing right now. I gonna know if he hit a home run tonight. Not yet. I don't know but I do know them two are battling in the home run thing right now.


So let's see how that goes far as that man. And if you watching this show, you gotta be knowing that it's presented by Price Pitch right down low. You been watching this show every day. I appreciate it but I need you if you, if you can just go right down there down low price, put in my promo code trash with the two Hs. Man. Yeah, you put $5 in, they gonna give you bid there Square. I bet you betting more or less on your favorite player. Only way you gonna win if you don't play prize pick is the list. The number one thing say album in the game right now. Even if you could play a player and you player playing and he get hurt, guess what? They going even count it against you. That's the little prize pick shows. If you can't watch my show and you only can listen to it, you can do it at Apple Podcasts and Spotify.


Type in the Bubble Dorf show there. I'm yeah like a genie. Make a wish. That's all you gotta do. See it's the effort for me. Talk to me now. Not get in a chat and chop it over Child man. I want y'all to talk to me tonight. Y'all can ask me some questions, ask me anything. Let's get to it. What we on right now, man that's tough. Orange's not that good but we won yo go or one you correct. They're not that good. Finish back in the World Series this year. Let's see, Las Vegas Raiders, what I'm expecting from the Las Vegas Raiders I think, I think y'all gonna be all right bro. Y'all got Pete Curl, you got Jingo Smith, You know that was good trade.


They went and got this off season, went and got this old quarterback, You know, someone that he's familiar with that that knows his offense instead of just bringing in somebody off the bat that don't know it. Jingo is a proven veteran right now. Let's see how old boy come back from his injury off the defense. And I think it's Crosby, I mean the sky's the limit for the Oakland, I mean not for the, for the Las Vegas Raiders. I feel like the sky's the limit for y'all man. You know you got Tom Brady and management right now. Let's see, let's see what y'all do. I know a lot of people been hitting me up about the Dallas Cowboys and You know, whatnot. What we able to do? I'm hearing we might get Jalen Ramsey. I'm hearing that through Grapevine. Let's just see. I mean it's up to Dak.


You know if can, if the offensive line can protect Dak, I think Dak can make the throws. He, he's proven that he made the throws. He just for me in the critical moments he be folding. And I think that's the problem with the cowboys. And y'all know, y'all been asking who's the growing it back. Everybody gonna give a give a down as long as somebody can can can give us third and one can give us a first down and keep us in. Like if we can be in second and sixth, third and full, that's when the good team's at when you, when your team can get to second and sixth and third and threes and third and folds instead of third and five and six and seven, they can just keep it in the sixes and four, I mean twos and fold. They gonna be good. That was what the Eagles was good at. They was, besides just on the first place, taking them 1670 yards.


They was in a lot. Jaylen Hersch had them boys in a lot of second and six and they was due to Shaquan bark them running the ball. They been running like the way they was running. So de always been six, You know, second to sixth, third and Fos we're gonna be all right. I'm not saying we gonna win no Super Bowl, but shit we, we, we can be a very, we can be a a, a good pretender. I still think we are a year or two away from being what we need to be. What Jerry trying to do, he going on a cheap route about it. Hey, that that's his, that's his decision. I don't, they need to go ahead and sign Michael Parsons. I they I think they definitely need to do that. They got Pickens picks in the contract gear. If he ball out I think the offense gonna be okay.


I do, I feel like the tight end for us this year, they gonna be getting a lot of balls coming their way due to the, due to the coverage on lamb and picks. It's all about staying healthy in the, we all know that we all want our teams to win but it's all come down to health. I know the Detroit lines, I'm gonna be honest, they whole team was hurt. I ain't going, I can't cap. They whole motherfucking defense was hurt but there's still no excuses At the end of the day. The commanders went there and bust they damn nose and that just what it is. Unfortunately man injury, play a game, play a part in, in, in, in games. So that's just my take on that shit. Hold on. What we else, we got that tush push.


What they trying to take the tush push away tra You know Travis hung South Travis Hunger just got married no prenup a found. Hey fam, hey that's, that's what you doing. I'm, I love Travis a good young guy. I'm not gonna get on here and and and and b him for not getting no prenup. Hey man, if he don't wanna get a prenup, he didn't wanna get a prenup if that's his business now I got my own out on that but that ain't what this about. They, they newly wedged. I pray them to be together 60, 78 years. But You know I'm just don wish positivity. I ain't gonna say what we all might think. I ain't going even do that. We gonna push positivity, shout out the track or something. Hunger on getting married to his girlfriend.


Y'all enjoy y'all self. Y'all is one now and continue to do what y'all do man. That's what we doing man. And You know I think Jaguar got j Jacksonville, Jaguar got a hell of a play on him man. Huh? Can you put me on last Friday? I hope I don't just want him to put it on it. Put me on it. See I wanna work for it, I want, I'll dis for it and get the part. Whatever else you got man. I want it man. I need y'all to help me get this shit. That's, that's, that's do a petition for me getting in there last Friday with Cube and, and and and get this shit going because that's where I need one of them Big boy ad movies on the cool dub that on a big screen.


All y'all coming to the guy thing Diego to see it. Man I love for me, matter of fact if I can get in one of the movies I don't give a damn. If it five seconds I'll do something to the point of I just might fly to a certain city man. And man all my fans man we watch this shit together like yeah I, I be wanting to do shit like that man. That's the goal for me right now. Really getting into some movies. I'm doing the comedy thing man. I'm doing these shows You know. You know 19th You know I'm gonna be with Earthquake Kamel Macho. Who else on this DL Huley I'm gonna be in Fort Worth Texas at the Dickies Arena June 19th.


Man You know that's a special day for us man. Sure. I got to Dick Greg for really giving me the history on June 19th. Juneteenth. Yeah Dick is a ringer. Juneteenth Fort Worth Texas June 20th you can catch me in Tampa Bay, Florida two shows. One at seven, one at nine at the Funny Bone Greg Tickets on June 6th. You can catch me in Pembroke, Florida doing a show with Darnell Rollins doing a show with Be Simone. I'm making my ways, I'm gonna put my, my tour schedule up real soon. Hopefully one day this week y'all can see on this show with S'S I'm gonna be at pull up. I got merch.


What else I need to tell y'all I'm a bad motherfucker. You a bad motherfucker. We together we can't be stopped and we ain't doing no goddamn competing with one another. You doing you in your lane. I'm in my lane God and we going down through there. I what I really wanna know is 'cause I don't smoke cigarettes but I wanna know what's in these motherfuckers right here after I follow up this goddamn this ain't trash if you ain't had this you you If you ain't had this man, I don't know what to tell you man. After me and Barbara Lynn fired up, this motherfucker right here. She fired up one these and when after she fired up one of these motherfuckers what she get After she fired that motherfucker up?


Y'all about 10 minutes man. I know. I told y'all don't like women who smoke cigarette but Bob in. Oh after she fired months like she just go to another new height with this shit and man she flipped me on my motherfucking back the other night and grabbed that motherfucking Tahoe penis of mine and went down through them. I ain't got no little tackle. She went down, threw her on it had my eyes rolling back of my goddamn head. I ain't lying. I woke up and went bought Bobin fold brand new tires from my Mexican friend. One goddamn brand out did Discount Tire want what? 1200 for them brand new Tire one.


Let me get 'em for folk come Here. The motherfucker slick but they brand new telling you what Guy Love Right Live. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you hell Part of the show right now we call a hell Nizza. The hell Niall segment baby. Damn you. Somebody ask me Bubba Dub, I seen you with Floyd. You Think you can ask Floyd can you let me borrow a hundred thousand? Hell no Not asking Champ shit. Ask show ask your people I me asking Champ for hundred thousand.


That's how y'all niggas get put outta this position asking for shit. Hey man let me get this. Hey man let me get that. Nah people wanna do something for it for you. You let 'em do it. Genuinely. I'm not asking for a motherfucking thing but the game give the game Champ. I know they say you bro. We know that you ain't. I like getting around Floyd. I like missing one. Say Champ man, them motherfuckers say you bro. Man Chimp got the pull not so much motherfucking money little nigga dog that that shit he showed right there. That wasn't shit I'm talking I like Edge on too. I said damn Chuck. They say, they say you ain't tracing the same again. That nigga. Man I can't even explain this man. This shit just ridiculous And it gets motivation for me.


I don't want all that shit he got but that nigga, that nigga spend a lot of money. I'm cheap but man, people say anything about you man. When you get to a certain level and it just bad it hurting when, when it be your own people at the end of the day You know we can, we can accept other people talking about us but when it, when it's your own people it just sickening man. Like be happy for me man that nigga that dude boxed, he ain't sold no dope. He ain't kill nobody. Nigga boxed just like a just like us who working nine to five every day. Saving up our money, saving up our 401k, investing it and then getting a couple of meals man just box and this be us who do the most hating the most and lot of time I realize that hey shit just be like folks just mad 'cause they ain't there.


That's all it be. If the shoe was on the other foot, they would be doing the same thing. Man, ain't no difference. People see the difference between some people is when they get around them, certain people like Champ, now they act different. I never act different. I act the same. You know what I'm saying? When I'm around champ, my peoples get to come with me Now they in, they in the mix too with me now they bonding with him too. It ain't just all about me. We, we, we family, You know, we family. At the end of the day, anybody that I'm cool with gotta talk to or text on a, I don't care if we blood or not, we family blood don't make you family LOYALTY too. And it just, it it gotta be respect from one black man to another.


I see a lot of black men out here doing great. I love it. Salute. Keep doing what you doing. Oh, you in the trucking business? All right, cool. I might come back down the line. Hey bro, what you, what you got going? Like how do you do that? Because I'm, I'm, I'm trying to get in that too. Oh, I can break bread with you. Cool. Because sometimes people will charge you in they number. It's their number. Stop trying to get the discount on that. Nah, pay that man what? Pay him what he want. Y'all pay white motherfucker what they want. Y'all pay he Mexican what they want. But when the brother come along, you want a discount? Come on dog. Don't hit me too hard. You shut up. Do you want it or you don't on now.


We ain't doing that shit. Thank y'all for tuning in. Tonight's show man. See y'all again tomorrow night. Peace of Love Out The volume. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about.


Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes.


Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d.com. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content.


The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. We asked parents who adopted teens to share their journey. We just kind of knew from the beginning that we were family. They Showcased the sense of love that I never had before. I mean, he's not only my parent, like he's like my best friend. At the end of the day, it's all been worth it. I wouldn't change a thing about our lives. Learn about adopting a teen from foster care. Visit adopt us kids.org to learn more.


Brought to you by Adopt US Kids, the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Ad Council. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.