
Are, you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school life or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it. count with Purdue. Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start, your comeback at Purdue. Global dot Edu.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cashback adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash in other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in above the fold with Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over prime time, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on true tv.


The Volume. Yeah, y'all come on in y'all fucking ho. Hey man, you Hey y'all. Hold on man. You man. Get the like button man. Come on man. Y'all hit the like button man. I don't wanna hit the like button man. Sorry about that. I apologize about that man. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. You see what I'm going through? You see what I'm going through over here?


Come on in man. I know y'all dub got on that steal. And do I told y'all I'm fucking with the cowboy no more. I done learn my lesson. I learn my lesson. Shit. Yeah, Steelers won last night. 26 to 18. Russell Wilson, the man they were talking about last night. Lemme go on and get to it. Russell Wilson 20 for 28, 276 passing yard two T. No inceptions had one fumble that he lost but other than that, Russell Wilson looked real damn good last night and Joe Buck and Troy Eggman was hating on him.


I'm watching Russell Wilson put the ball in the mother bread basket. I saw it. You saw it. Mike tumbling even saw it and we know he got during the head like I, we know he saw it putting the ball right here and guess what they say? It's a okay throw but better catch. Stop it. Y'all act like Russell Wilson ain't got a ring. Y'all act like he wasn't on that Legion nigga Boone team. I want the world to quit down in Russell Wilson out because he winning and got era married. Put 18 babies in him and love him on him the way he's supposed to.


But y'all don't like him. What have Russell ever did? What have he ever did to y'all? Russell ain't never did nothing to y'all man. Y'all don't like him because of future and he a good step. Daddy, good, good for him. But I wanna talk about his production and what he doing on the field, how the Pittsburgh Steelers look like a different team. Told you two weeks ago Pittsburgh was gonna win this division. Oh you trippin. Do you think I'm trippin now? Just the whole world wanted to know, including me at the time. Why would Mike tumbling do at Justin Fields haven't played that bad but Russell gives them a different dynamic.


Russell can see the field. Russell is seeing the field to throw. He's not getting in the field just to run. That's the difference in the Pittsburgh Steelers right now the offense is flowing. The run game. Let me put you on game by stats because Dub gives stats over him. Steelers threw the ball 28 times last night they ran the ball 31 times. If that ain't balanced, I don't know what it is. And they penalties. They only had five penalties last night. That's a good ball club right there. I you can live with five penalties. That's why the Pittsburgh Steelers is is in the league in the A FC North right now in the division with the Bengals.


In in in the Ravens. In in in Cleveland Browns right now Pittsburgh Steelers once again will win this division. What am I'm seeing outta Russell Wilson being the starting quarterback. I'm seeing a offense that's looking a little bit more happier now. The offensive line is smiling now. The receivers is happy now because they getting, they targets, they getting they balls. Don't think them pickers. Don't think he ain't a diva. Them ball don't want the ball. They want the ball. Russell give them the best chance right now to win a Super Bowl. Will they win it? I don't know but the way the defense playing looking good to me. They defense only giving up what?


14.8 points a game. I can live with that You gotta be able to live with. What? What Russell Wilson has brought to the Pittsburgh organization right now. I love it. I love it for Najee Harris. Now everything ain't just got to be on him now you got a quarterback that can get outside to pocket and thin some plays and and get the ball down the field. Now I wanna know what do Joe Bucknam have against Russell Wilson? It was Tom Brady. It was the best throw in the world. We never seen nothing like it. But since it's Russell Short ass future Wilson, y'all got a problem with it and I don't like it.


Mike tumbling coaching his ass off over there the last 19 to 20 years, especially the last six years we got touchy, touchy Big Ben Mike tumbling ain't had no quarterback. Now he got him more now he got him somebody in Russell that's going listen to what he's saying. He got a real coach who ain't gonna do him out the way. Sean Peyton with dogging in my last year for no damn reason. Mike tumbling is a man's man. I heard I I met Mike tumbling. I have heard nothing but good things about Mike tumbling him being over under that leadership and the rest of them coaches on that team with Pittsburgh.


Russell Wilson is in good hands over girl. You see Justin Fields on the sideline holding the clipboard smiling. It don't look like he unhappy to me. It look like he around his brothers. It look like he around his family now. Okay, I'm not starting. I can sit over real behind Russell and learn the game. Yeah, Russell ain't the greatest quarterback ever but he got ring. He know what it takes to win And so Mike Tumbl and them got everybody over. Girl they they they believing and when a team believes like that, the recipe is great. That's all I'm saying right now. Like I told y'all two weeks ago, Pierce Bird will win this deficient. Damnit I'm not lying to y'all.


How y'all feeling right now about Pittsburgh right now? Giants Daniel Bones HU $60 million Man been playing a little better since they missed him in the fourth quarter. They got something in that running back over whatever. Tyrone Tracy Jr. He got something. We know what Les can do but the bottom line is D New York Rat Giants. Y'all keep showing that trash ass head coach. Y'all shouldn't even be coaching that man shouldn't be no damn head coach and y'all know it. Daniel Jones should be a damn free safety and y'all know it. Daniel y'all put his ass at free safety and watch him ball out.


He be the next Jason Seehorn God Daniel Bone back there quarter backing. Shit I put his ass in free safety. I'm just telling you the truth. Got to give credit. Got to give credit. What credit do I'm giving my credit to the Steelers. You see I'm rocking New Jersey. Come on Doug. You see the back of it? You see the back of it. Dale walk around I be out there catching Russell ain I'll ain't i'll if you coming into the show now. Had a little something happen before the show. I apologize for that. I apologize for that. This ain't one of them shows that ain't one of them shows And I and I apologize last night my Lakers lost to the Phoenix Sons 1 0 9.


1 0 5. Yeah my boy lost last night. LeBron. LeBron played like he had heartburn last night And that's okay because we all know players are not gonna play good every game. But one thing about LeBron, when he have a bad game that next game he come out on fire that will separate the good from the bad. A bad player can have four, five bad games in a row bro ain't never had that And I don't expect him to have a bad game tonight when they go down there and play Cleveland Agie Ball got last night Boogie D'Angelo Russell still hasn't found his shot yet. I don't know what's going on with him. Our bench didn't give us nothing last night. But let me give credit to the finger Sons K 30 too much.


Devin Booker last night he had 33 points. It would get too much of that. Giving the ball to KD down on the block. Got Austin Reeds on him. He too little. What K say Too little. It's just the fourth game of the year. No need for me to get upset. No need for me to be mad because we lost the fingers. Fingers is a good thing. Buckle Bill Durant three headed Monster but for LeBron to play the way he played and we still had had a chance to win that game. I feel good. I like what I So for the people who, who haven't watched the Lakers yet, let me just tell you from what I done observed so far from the Lakers during timeouts when a team normally go on a run on us with Darwin Ham, we wouldn't even call timeout team go 18 old row 18.


Oh run before they make a time out. Not, not Uhuh, not Reed. Go on a five oh run come here, come here. That's so that coach I'm stopping the bleeding. That's what I'm liking so far. Not only that, when we called timeout they are drawing up plays. I seen four plays last night that JJ Reed drew up after the timeout we stole on every single last one of them that shows me something that we didn't have last year, last year do Ham. Hey the play is go out there and make something happen. Not with jj. JJ Regg say you gonna run what I got on this fucking clip boy. And that's what they doing. Had 11 points last night like that streak liked to been broken.


The streak liked to been broken last night. Like I say he had heartburn, you need pimp AC or something. But I can expect that from Bru Bru 40 years old man. He ain't the the the 27 20 8-year-old LeBron no more. He still, he's still a top five, top eight but he ain't gonna be able to do what he used to do every night. Just like some of you old school, some of you you on shit. Y'all can't do what you do in the you a 35, 40 minute six, seven minutes and you outta there. You ain't feel bad about it no more. No I don't. I all time 40 minutes them days gone baby when I get in, soon as I'm getting in I'm getting out Swir couple pumps that's over with.


Throw Chick-fil-A and get a sandwich or something. When you get up in age, all you wanna do is get money and talk about food and and and look at your kids. That's all shit I got. I'm getting older now. I'm in my thirties. I gotta preserve my energy. I just can't put my energy on and everything. I might need to go mow yard or some shit. I might need to go check on my business. I gotta have energy. I can't have energy humping all day playing mad all day drinking and smoking all day shit. Now 55 still acting like y'all 30. Sit your old ass down somewhere. Earnest.


I know it's an earnest on my show right now. 55 years old still acting like he bird. Man stop it. Take your earned pills nickel. Take your vitamins nickel for you. Fall out around him at the family reunion trying to holler everything. Sit your ass down some water. You or two orange two. You've been doing this shit for 50 something this up with you. His finger catch up with you. Your voice hos all the time. I my voice ho. Stop eating all that cat. Cat these days taste like count five y don't taste like that but John supposed to taste like it supposed to be a delicate taste.


It ain't tasting delicate no damn more. Now tell me I'm lying. Let's get in bed when you salt. It's that soap I use soap. Hell you ain't using soap. So the word of the for all my people coming in today watching this show, the words for today is Wash your Ass. And I do mean wash it Ivory Spring they got Dove. They got all they old spot. They got all kinds of shit for you to use to wash your ass. Wash in the crack of your ass too because that's where the most of the shit is.


Talk about the New York Knicks call Anthony Towns ain't B Daniel Tall for nothing. Sell foot. He out here past the three point line after half court motherfucker get down look like Patrick you and used to do got my people up there in New York. Happy again. They wearing P pair coats and shit where you is after shooting three like Larry Bird get your ass in the nigga and box out and he didn't bring you to New York. Forget New York got high host Statue Liberty up there. The Twin Towers failed the rats on birth control.


New York need illegal call Edge Town. You were brought there for one motherfucking reason. Put the ball in the hole. 13 points at seven foot tall.


DRE TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold. With Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Are You ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the The Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


It's right from the Bobby Bone Show here to tell you that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 Yeah available with all-wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander seating up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more of this national sales event. The deals are there when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. That's buy a toyota.com Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay. Pay Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BT Plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream the best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Hazlett and the Impact Atlanta. Starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dion, Cole and Diara from Detroit starring Diara. Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder. Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs. All ad free with a premium monthly plan. Black Stars legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love. From exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET. Plus.


If I'm a New York fan, I'm disappointed in you right now. It's you Jaylen Bronson over there. Mackay Bridges with he broke ass jumper. Huh? It supposed to be the Knicks bucks and the CELs. That's what it's supposed to be. I ain't seen nothing from you yet Kat. All you wanna do is shoot three fam. That's cool. That's cool. That's why you shoulda never got in that three point contest. Now you think you're a three point shooter. Come on dog. You gotta mix the game. Well even I know that if my three ain't hitting, I'm finna go down and get some a easy shots in the post. I'm gonna get about 15 points in the post. I'm gonna get about eight to 10 outside the post. You ain't doing that.


You come down court, you running to the goddamn three point line. Run your ass down the middle, down the lane like a big man supposed to do but nobody won't say nothing though. Not me. That's why if I was the coach and I was on the New York Knicks, I was so called into the town film where he running to the three point line when you can run to the paint you seven foot the tallest guy on the court. Six nine. He can't stop you fam the game you supposed to work smarter not harder. I woo. I wish God blessed me with them kind of hype and skills to be in the NBAI every 40 points a game just by my knowledge. Just by getting easy buckets.


You got people on the team that can't shoot but call the for the ball and I'm the man of the team and you think I'm finna throw you the ball 'cause you open. No you not. You get your ass out. Nothing rebound for me nigga when I miss you grab it, kick it back out. I shoot it again. I'm selfish. I finna keep throwing this motherfucker you. I'm not gonna do it. That's what bro better than me at. He trust his teammate. I don trust. Shit I give it to you one time you miss you not getting it no more. Don't give a damn phone. I'm fine. Shit I'm taking it. Just don't understand it. The but.


But what I really wanna talk to y'all about today is I hate to do this I want to talk about my brother Anthony Richardson the starting quarterback for the Indianapolis coach. I don't listen to me fam. We already know the NFL man. It's, it's a dangerous game And it's a cut though. It's a cut though. Business. I don't know what's going on right now but you playing like absolutely trash you a worst looking motherfucking quarterback in the N right now. And I don't get on this show and just talk. I go look up production, I look up film work and you, I don't know what's going on.


44 your mother passes. That's unacceptable when you gotta backup and Joe f Flaco that gonna take your motherfucking job. And don't think they won't give no job either because they'll pamm. I don't know what's going on but I'm praying to get better. You better than the way you playing right now because I can't make no more excuses for you because when Joe Flacco was in there, the ball was going up and down the damn field. Not every time when you on the field it's third and third. What's going on? You need to sit down with your offensive lineman and y'all need to have some motherfucking conversations.


What is it about me that y'all can't get me three to four seconds to block from me? Get y'all giving for Joe Flacco because when Joe Flacco in there they blocking they ass off. When you in there, you either on your ass or running around or missing throws. That can't happen fam. You on a rookie contract dog. You got to take advantage of this shit. You got a owner that's on per thirties. Do you hear me Jim Earth say on per thirties fam you got a owner, you got the play better dog. I don't want them to give Joe Flack or your job but they will. You coming out saying you was tired, you ain't never supposed to do that shit.


Don't never say that shit again at no press conference fan that you was tired, you had to take yourself out. Don't you do that? Don't you give them motherfuckers no ammunition against you because I know what you are. I know what you're capable of doing but you gotta go out there and prove it each and every Sunday. You the legal of the team. Legal can't be saying I'm tired, this ain't no joke right here. I'm dead ass serious about an Anthony Richardson. Man that's my guy man. I believe in that dude man. But you need to play better fam. You need to find yourself again. I don't know what's going on up there in that locker room but I watch that team perform.


I watch them block for Flocko. Why they can't do the same for you Now I'm gonna piggyback off the Pittsburgh and I feel like the coach should do the same thing they done brought in Russell Wilson. I seen some of the plays last night that the Steeler was running, that Russell Wilson was running back in Seattle. Them quick little scream passes getting the ball out, bootleg letting them roll out, roll out and do him. That's what you got to do coach. You kind of make him be a pocket passer. That just ain't him. Let him run some bootlegs out, run some R options with him and and and let's cater to your player. The thing attributes that he do the best. We not seeing that. We not seeing that we come on here, we criticize.


Oh man he can't see this and that. Well you need to run an offense that's tailored for him because the eighth offense right now is tailored for Joe Flaco. You got big receivers out there. Let's take advantage Indianapolis coach whoever you are, whoever the head coach of, I can't think of your name right now man. Get Anthony Richardson. Some plays that he could succeed in. You got a good running back in Jonathan Taylor. Run them rigg out and let the defense make a decision. Either I'm gonna take Taylor or I'm gonna take Richardson. Now granted you've been hurt a little bit, you've been a little Tinder getting hurt but you gonna have to come on with it dog. And it just simple as that. How y'all feeling right now?


What y'all gonna seen so far from Anthony Richardson getting the comments. I'm in the comments section with y'all right now. I'm trying to figure this out with y'all. When I love somebody and I rock with somebody, I'm gonna support 'em. I'm not going to down 'em when they down. But I got to be a friend and I'm a friend. I'm a friend. That's one going to tell you that you've been playing like trash and you have and you're better than that last three, four motherfucking weeks before you got hurt you wasn't playing. What a damn. And you still not playing. What a damn that need to change. I need to see a 30 for 35 game. 330 yard four touchdowns or something like that. Knock this bullshit. We keep seeing each and every damn Sunday.


Now I'm just keeping it real with y'all all day man. If you just now tuning into this show, welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Make sure you can hit the like button. Make sure you can hit the subscribe button. Damn you don't need that no more. You need what you got right here in front of you B I'm give it to you the way you want. You wanna get full, come over here and eat with me. We ain't gonna sugarcoat shit. Come over here and eat with me now what I seen last night and in the NBA with the Celtics in the books it looked like the Celtics going right back. It looked like the Celtics going right back to the damn finals and win again. Youngest played great. Lili played great but that was all God damn Jaylen Brown 30.


Jason Taylor didn't had have a good game, had 15.2, hol had 21, they had Prichard off the bench. 28 damn points. You can't beat a team like that when they bench player getting 28. Who is these Niels Boston Bow them don't look like they gonna lose no time soon either. They moving the ball Alford, he gonna hit the founder of you. I don't know what's going on in Boston right now. The Patriots fell off now Boston back on top. God damnit somebody on peds in Boston, somebody on peds. It gotta be awful for 75.


Baldheaded right here, got her right here. He on something. And once again if you ears on PDs that mean you trying to win. That's I don't understand. See it's the good teams once again. That's always trying to win. Why the bad teams ain't doing no illegal shit? That's all I'm saying. America was off illegal shit. I don't understand why PDs A a let people take what they wanna take to be good and great. I wanna see a quarterback throw the ball, fives in the, I wanna see it. Let basketball player take PI wanna see it.


I wanna see the ball hit so hard in baseball. Ain't to hit a baseball harder than further than Barry bun. And we was just San Francisco hitting into the bay. A short jumped up, grabbed the ball in the air them the kind of home runs. I wanna see Yankees down three. Oh this chick over New York can't catch your break. The jet trash, the giant trash, the Knix trash, the next trash. Brooklyn can't take New York. Can't catch your break. Dig in jail. 2024 has been nothing but the truth.


The truth is being revealed in 2024. Whether y'all like it or not, some of our favorite stars that we grew up watching is falling by the wayside the whole time. We watching these people and want to grow up and be like these people and these people that we are watching are some nasty motherfucker people you and I love now done, done some nasty shit that we wouldn't even approve of. Do you hear what I'm saying? You sometime we can get lost in the sauce about who we becoming.


You got to re it in sometime. You got to know I'm throwing a little too much than what I should be doing when a nigga get a little money Fame and power. Nine times outta 10, some devil work is being done somewhere the devil work has been done and it's time to clean this shit up. It's time to clean your act up. My cousin coming home from jail, he gonna come home. He gonna be on five year probation and them Legos that he writing me. He telling me he just got to be a little bit more smarter than he was. Otherwise he wouldn't have got caught. Now that's telling me he ain't learned his lesson.


That's telling me when he do come home he gonna get right back into what he was doing before. See what I did was as a big cousin, as a big fan, as a big homie, sometimes you got to save people from they self. So when I did was I got on the phone and I called his the parole people guy in there and I say, Hey y'all seen the letters that he's wrote me? Obviously y'all not going through the letters. Y'all not looking at clues in the facts on what's going on with the inmates. And then, and I showed him that he do not need to come home. Leave him in now. Don't worry about his kid. Tell him don't worry about his kid.


I'm telling him fan, don't worry about your kids. I got him. I see your baby mama every other day. It's cool. You know it went over his head that I seen him every day. I'm seeing them and I'm seeing a little I'm loving but I'm seeing you too. So you just don't, only your ass in now don't wanna get your GD I'm handling this out here. Oh I'm handling you maybe mama. I got that kid got him in my football team and everything. I got little family on my football team. Nigga Cole Jay better than you. I seen your pictures and shit before you seen it face to face. You don't need to see it right now because you still got evil in your heart. You still got evil ways. God looking at you. I'm looking at you, the parole board looking at you.


I don't want you to come home for a week or two, then you, then you gone for another 20 and 30. Go on and stay in there extra eight more years. So when you come home you ain't got no paperwork. You free big me's free now. But he ain't halfway higher. That nigga can't just get up and go to Popeye's and KC and do all this and that. He gotta be at home by six. That sucks Don. He do all your time. Get your time out your way. I'm looking out for you. Most of y'all watching the show. Gonna say Fam the Hagel aint is but I'm looking out for him. I'm looking out for him. I'm being, I'm being the best cousin I could be to him. Don't judge me 'cause I'm being a big fam. I got a heart.


Some of y'all gonna have hearts.


TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold with Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with the superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the Adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you could experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream the best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Haslett and the Impact Atlanta. Starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dionne Cole and Diara from Detroit starring Diara. Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder. Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs All ad free with a premium monthly plan. Black Stars legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love. From exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET plus.


I apologize again behind that shit man. I don't know what's going on with people but you people be wanting to surprise you. I ain't in for all that today. I ain't going for all that today.


Check this out. If you tune it into the shoulder then you know this show it's being presented by Pics. Yeah down below. Go use my promo code trash with the two H's O there prize picks. Put $5 in. They gonna give you $50 instantly. Yep. It's more or less on your favorite players in they stats. Simple as that. LeBron playing tonight. They got mistake to have 21 and the half points tonight. You either put more or less 80 got mistake to have 27 points tonight. Either more or less. Hold on. Prize picks only way you gonna win on Prospect if you don't play. Yeah. One thing I like about Prospect, even if somebody get hurt or injured, they gonna even count that against you. Yeah, all them other apps y'all using, they cool but I'm dealing with prize picks. Real talk man.


If you at work and you can't watch this show man I missed a live You can. You can listen to it though. apple Podcasts or Spotify type in them too. Bubble dub show going to pop up but more than all, you know what I'm saying? It's Tuesday, it's Taco Tuesday. How y'all feeling? How? Who all eating tacos tonight? This is what I wanna know. Who all eating tacos tonight in your household? Who eating tacos tonight? Get on here. Let your boy do know. Talk to me. Not feeling too good. I'm still upset behind that ass whooping. The Dallas Cowboys took. How many ass whoopings do we need to take? See my mama only had to hit me one motherfucking time for me to understand.


I'm not going to do it no more but we keep doing the same shit each and every damn Sunday. $260 million man Dak Prescott. It is not all your fault but when is you going to have a good damn game. It's what I'm gonna know y'all because y'all wanna seem to keep defending this motherfucker but when is he gonna step up and have one of them game? Why can he carry us every other team quarterback carried their team sometime. When is he gonna carry us? Patrick Mahomes ain't been playing great but his defense carrying him. We ain't had nobody yet around team to step up and carry a not no damn body. All we doing is point finger dig arguing.


We're reporting but nigga you getting burned, you're getting flamed up against third tier receivers. But I be traveling with everybody and getting burned. I don't give a damn how bad my offense is if I'm a premier cornerback in this league. Goddammit I'm gonna play about it. Play like it. Y'all can say what y'all want say about Jalen Ramsey but God damnit. Jalen Ramsey be bought. He get burned every now and then but he gonna get somes too. He gonna get some tackle for. He gonna get some too. Not getting shit if I'm damn I grabbed digs know who you talking to.


I got the good for your trash as you think. I'm gonna ask your trash as then trash ask questions. Shit ain't a game a I'm tired of people calling me, texting me or seeing me out laughing at my cowboys. I have to do something about it. You only got a couple of times to whoop my ass for me to catch on. You see what I'm wearing here today. I'm rolling with Wills. I'm rolling with Wills so I know my cowboy fan mad right now man I can't believe you got on that jersey. Damnit. You better believe it man. You Trager. You got to stick it through.


Okay you at your job right now. You been at your position 10, 15 years. You making good money. Your boss come, you say I wanna move you to another position that's gonna pay you even more money. You niggas is going to that new position. That's all I'm saying. When I'm with Dallas, I'm sad and I'm crying. When I'm with the Steelers I'm happy. Don't y'all want me to be happy If you don't want me to be happy, you a selfish motherfucker. Stop being so selfish all the damn time. Sure me. That's all I'm saying. Sure me.


Yeah. Got to enjoy this shit. You know you seen the nuggets last night yo. Over time with Toronto. Yo fought points. Tim rebound Nuggets needed they win too. Westbrook being over there. He ain't really been doing too much C in last night a little bit but Yoki man something special. I don't like Yoic not 'cause of his game. I think he one of the best players in the world. I just don't like him 'cause what he do to my Lakers? My Lakers can be anybody in the NBA except for the damn nuggets. I don't know what it is about the nuggets that the Lakers can't deal with but I don't like it. But it's a new year. It's a new year.


So what I gonna ask y'all today is so far in the NFL season. What is y'all Super Bowl picks right now? What two teams that y'all think going to meet in New Orleans in February 1st Super Bowl. I'm gonna go ahead and give you my pick right now in this Kansas City Chiefs. I hate to go against my staples but just being realistic in the Detroit lines. Them were my Super Bowl pics. I thank the Detroit lines and the Kansas City Chiefs meet in the Super Bowl and I'm sorry Detroit, but my home was going win again. What's y'all picks talk to me.


Nah, the Lakers didn't beat the Suns last night. Chief Detroit. That's just the way it looking. I mean maybe Commanders. I know y'all in here hollering commanders. They, I don't know. I don't know if y'all got enough yet. I, I like what I'm seeing outta Washington but I don't know if y'all got enough yet to take that next step to that next upper Exelon. I feel like Detroit is Judge Jared golf is in a zone right now. Bone injuries. I feel like Detroit is the team that's gonna represent the represent the NFC. See I mean NF FFC and a C is is the Chiefs is not the Chiefs Steelers Ravens Bills.


I mean actually feel like Kansas City is the best team so far Rob. They haven't played like it all you even though they're seven and Oh but Mahomes haven't been Mahomes. We gonna see it. It remains to be seen. I can't wait to see that. I don't know if y'all know yet. Tank Davis the move fight back. He's not fight December 14th down here in Houston. I don't know where he fighting there yet. I texted yesterday. I'm waiting for him to hit me back and, and and get some more information on that because like y'all, y'all don't already know I'm gonna be interviewing Javonte Davis for this upcoming fight that he have. I'm super excited about that but they move the fight back so I'm just waiting on him to hit me back and let me know what what he doing and you know what I'm saying on this, that and the third, You know hell no segment me.


Guess you watching the show? You know I got the hell no. Segment me where fans send me questions, ask me certain things. One questions that a fan hit me up with with Bubble do what? You ever go swimming in the ocean? Hell no nigga I can't swim so if I can't swim why in the hell I'm gonna go jump in the damn ocean boy motherfucking sharks that'll eat you alive. That's one thing that I thank God about for black people. We gonna wake up thinking about swimming. We wake up thinking about what we gonna eat that day. How we gonna get some money and how we going white people. I like to go to the Indian Ocean. I wanna go to the deepest part and look for hammerhead sharks.


That's a good idea. And go out there and get your ass to off the bone. Now your wife got to raise this sung of yours. Who already ain't right in the head? Nah now he in the basement building bombs and shit. I hope because you went out there and wanna hunt Hammer head Sharps. I wanna swim with him. I wanna touch him. No Dave be a damn diesel mechanic that you are. My ears also hit me up too. Would I ever go to the army? Hell no. I'm not gonna no motherfucker army And you wanna come in there and scream at me. Tell me get up three, four in the morning. Is you crazy?


I'm gonna get up. I up. I'm tell me I need to get up and go run a mile. You go run a mile motherfucker. I'm sleep and I'm gonna stay asleep. Not doing none of that shit for all the veterans and people who went to the army, Marines and Navy. I salute you. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart. You a better man or a woman than I could ever be because I wasn't going to no damn like a lot of my homeboys they be, they went to the Navy. I couldn't go to go to the Navy. They on ships. Once again. I can't swim if in the Navy you gotta learn how to swim. Damnit. That ain't for me. That ain't for me. Shit. Throwing you in the water Blindfolding.


You gotta get out this shit. Go down to the bottom, take your clothes off, put your clothes. I smoke too much. I ain't got enough long for that. I got that. This ain't trash for you Dov got it. I got that is up when you're in LA all you gotta do is type in up in LA find it. I got that. This ain't trash there. Blow your motherfucking mind too. I'm talking about bro your mind. Yeah so y'all got y'all Super Bowl pics.


I said Kansas City and Detroit. Who y'all got? Somebody say steal. Somebody say Falcons. Ravens. Okay. I know the cowboy got the Falcons coming up this Sunday And you and and and I'm a real fan. We not beating the Falcons. I can't see it. And then lying to you know what Taxi boy know we act the fool when we go to a TL strip clubs come here. Magic City Bru Fame come here as some kid come see a, I don't recommend no team to go to a TL. They get down and dirty and in the A they do what you want 'em to do down in the a long as you got $75 you can get whatever you want.


Real niggas know when you go to the A go down and I do mean go down. So now Cowboy fans including me, I'm still hanging on by a damn threat. We not beating Kurt 30, we not beating Kurt 30. You seen it touchdown last Sunday. Last time I checked. We can't stop shit on the defensive end. So how we gonna beat how we beat? Nah all my teams ain't trash 'cause I'm riding with the stickers right now. We looking real damn good right now.


Real damn good trash of day is going to Aman and Joe Buck trash. I'm gonna need E-P-N-C-B-S Fox all you other get them ragged ass analysts off of there. Bring in some new blood fresh meat like me. Who gonna call the game fur the way it need to be called? I don't like the fact that y'all were dying in Russell Wilson last night. I don't like the fact y'all were talking my how Steve Defense. Defense ain't all that. They ain't all that. Why teams can't score more than 15 points against the D. Mr. Troy ate me. They run a lot of single high coverage. A lot of one-on man coverage. I don't see why teams ain't figured it out yet.


Teams ain't figured it out yet because they ain't figured it out yet. Gonna call the game. Damn it. Call the game the way it need to be played every week y'all give up over there. They have a good week of practice. Stop it. Everybody not having no good week of practice Knix. We human. Everybody not gonna have a good week of practice every week. Somebody gonna have some bad practices. Somebody gonna drop the ball and practice. Somebody gonna fumble in practice somebody gonna get burnt. Everybody not having no good practice y'all so stop feeding us this bullshit each and every week.


Stop it. Bring me in there. I get shit right around him. Ball hit the receiver in the hand. Oh he had to stop and all this and that. If he hit your hand damage you supposed to catch it. That's on him. I why Russell Whistle throw the ball. Scotty Miller last night it was slightly undertone but most of Russell Wilson balls are, he ain't never had the strongest arm but he always had the right arm or throwing the ball down there and letting you go and get it. Ball hit the white boy right, right in the chest. It wasn't a good throw. No he hit him right in. The ain't him. That's on him.


Not gonna let y'all sit up here and keep down in Russell Wilson like that. I'm not gonna do it. Y'all talking like everything else. Talk about the good game. Jamus Winston had bigger a powerhouse team in the Raven Jamus Winston did that. No interceptions. That's how you know God is on his way back. Jamus Winston throw three touchdown no picks. My heavenly father is on his way and we better get right. That's all I'm saying. Y'all better take heed to what's going on in this world. Drop up there talking about Michelle Obama nasty work.


But if y'all lemme watch this election, this shit is funny. I mean this is funny for y'all. Watch Trump. Trump ain't bullshitting up there in them speeches. It's funny. I don't know if you don't like Trump or not. I don't know. But all I'm saying is watching him talk is funny as shit to me. I ain't lying man. You gotta laugh. You gotta laugh sometimes to keep from crying man. The shit we, the shit we watch y'all. Some of y'all. Y'all too sensitive man y'all man, you got one life. Enjoy your life man. Y'all be getting mad at people 'cause they saying they voting for Kamala or if they voting for Trump. Y'all be mad man. Stop all that shit man.


Shit. Live your life man. Enjoy your life. You gonna be in that casket by yourself. Do you hear me? You were born by yourself. You going lie by yourself so you go and vote for whoever the hell you wanna vote for. My mama and them right now trippin about baby you need to vote for. You gonna me who to vote for, mama. I love you, but you gonna tell me who to vote for. I lie. Do I? I'm gonna vote for whoever I'm gonna vote for. I said I wasn't gonna vote. I lied. I'm gonna vote for somebody. And who have I vote for is who have I vote for? Make up y'all damn mind. Thank y'all for watching this damn sober today. Thank y'all so very much.


I'm gonna see y'all again when I see y'all. Peace. I'm out. The Volume.


TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in above the fold. With Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over prime time, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Does Money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order and that makes us fasting for life. Now, I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This a is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current Faft members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


Hey, Who doesn't love bacon? And? did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now


get In zone. AutoZone. Welcome To AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, sounds like wipers. If your wipers are streaking, skipping, chattering, or even worse loud, you need to visit AutoZone and get some fresh new blades. We've got basic wipers to get you back on the road as well as premium blades from Bosch and Rain X. So if you're hearing this, just head to your nearest auto zone or autozone.com. Get zone AutoZone.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chum a casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.