
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley. Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, What it do everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show, man. I'm so glad to be back on here doing my thing, man. Crazy night. You know, NCA Championship Night with Florida Gators in the Houston Cougars. Great game. But before we even get into all that, let's go ahead and hit the like button, hit your subscribe button. When you do, subscribe over to the Bubble Dub show. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on and if you're a new subscriber over here, man, welcome. Like yeah, welcome man. We we, we have fun over here, but man, I know y'all just got through watching the game.


Just got through watching what I'm watching, I'm not a fan of neither one of these teams, so I just gotta be 100% onions about this game man. The Houston Cougars choked. They choked this motherfucking game tonight. Last two minutes, last two minutes. Turnovers zero motherfucking points. You ain't gonna win like that. The Les went down there and handled business in their last possession. I'm gonna be honest, I really don't know. They saying if people could touch it again, we bring a double grip. I don't know because the last possession, I don't care who you are, you gotta get that motherfucking shot out.


Common says you gotta get that shot out fam, no matter what. Just see it and it didn't happen. I've seen the comments, people crying. Oh man, the ref cheated man. Damn, all that. The last two niggas of the game, man, case time have four turnovers, ZERO points. You not going to win like that. Hats off to the, to the champions, to the four Gs they hung and there they did what they were post dude came back in the end and won and that's all. You could really add a as a team. They, they, they, they got, they got the stops they wanted and, and they made points simple as that. Bam though, Elijah won't rolling over this motherfucking grave right now man.


Damn Hce time gonna be down for a couple days too because it just ain't gonna be good down here in the city. Man. Damn Hce time been nice. If y'all would've won shit, Lynn would've gave away some free oysters down there, the oyster hood shit it it, it would bring our all good but it didn't make it. But Hatch, I took a young man, sharp fam. I know a lot of people gonna be mad at you. Hold your head dog on the cool young man. Hold your head. Don't jump in. The transfer pulled over because of what happened on that last play. I mean it happens. It shouldn't have happened but it happened At the end of the day, y'all are blessed to be in the position that y'all was in man.


And don't hold your head down too bad man. It's all right. It's always like at the end of the tunnel. But Sha, I took a Florida Gators national Champions, they pulled that off. Much respect to y'all. I know y'all been looking for me, You know, doing no shows, man. Doing no shows. We a warns tour but I'm here now and You know what I want to talk about? Yeah, you motherfuckers know what I want to talk about is what them big bag Lakers did to the Oklahoma City tho of the other damn night. Let's talk about that. You, you motherfucker wasn't expect enough to go down there in first 48 Oklahoma and handle. I goddamn didn't you? But we ridiculous.


Have y'all seen the way ar been playing lately? Him and Luke see miracle whipping my age. Come on, come on. They kick in ass. How y'all notice local number one AR number two? LeBron number three? Who would've known that shit? Who saw that shit comping? I didn't see it but God damnit I love it But Don, but look, don't let me get a little heck of myself just still LeBron motherfucking team. It's going to go as LeBron's goal. Simple as that. But if that pop Billy Bur drinking ass Luca Duney keep playing the way he playing right now, being engaged, playing somewhat of a little defense. If he just play just a little defense.


You see what we did the other night, we whooped ass And I don't want to hear nothing about Oh they wasn't really playing You a mother fucking liar. Shay was sweating all because he didn't get his freak throw. He don't fucking deserve them. They don't never call no motherfucking fire for bro Dug. Hey phone. Soon as he see something bru crying. I hear all that shit you lost about almost 30 And I looked it y'all see that Pat Luca did and Ko come on Vincent, come on. Y'all need to just be honest with y'all motherfucking self and just admit y'all scared a Lakers in the playoffs.


I would be, you don't know what you going to get from these motherfucker. You ought be scared a god damn Ko. I was just out there. I seen when Bro went to, I seen bro on his way to the motherfucking game. He stopped at the store and and and and got some goddamn G real go. And I was at the store, bro was at the store. We locked out. What's up dog? I was trying to get you ain't I got got the nigga some guard, gave some guard, jumped in the car, went on to the game. I don't, next thing You know about two niggas later Luca were coming down the road behind shit. God damn Luca and Bron bro aint getting off up there in LA It's a beautiful thing going on in LA right now.


Niggas back wearing they jewelry again and everything. Man I be reading all kinds of shit on the internet man. Life is good no matter where you go man I feel like people should be able to work they shit. Nah you don't like yeah that's why I don't wear all that shit. Fuck all that shit nigga. That shit crazy out there and not just in LA but it's crazy anywhere you go. Ah but nevertheless I'm loving what I'm seeing from the Lakers. Y'all talk to me, let me know what y'all seeing from the Lakers. I still got OKC number one right now. I'm just talking shit like I always do but I got OKC still number one team in the west right now. But I do feel like in a seven game series we will beat the Oklahoma City Thunder.


I bet you that shit right Now. You see what Dallas did to him last year with Kyrie and Luca. What you think LeBron Luca and ar do to him? Shit y'all don't stand, ain't no beside Denver man yo, I can't stand that motherfucker up but I feel like this year we got Denver number and reason why I feel like we got Divin number even though we, we beat him this year a couple times JJ read it. That motherfucker his iqo the game. He ain't just, he he drawing up all kinds of shit And that's what I like, he know how to attack other teams and that's what it takes to have in today's league.


A good coach like Greg Popovich, he knew, he knew, he knew your weaknesses, he knew your strengths. So that's the same way I look at JJ Red right now when we play these certain teams the thing we can do but y'all gotta get electric credit man. We beat a hell of a team the other day and y'all know tomorrow we play 'em, I mean we're gonna beat 'em again. That's the I i I, that's the way I feel like it. I don't know how Lakers feeling but God damnit they oughta be feeling how, how I'm feeling. Well I feel like we gonna go gonna beat they ass again. They ain't, they ain't really ain't playing for nothing. They got the number one seed locked up so they might not even play their start as this game. But even if they do we going to tax that ass. Yeah that's what we do in LA we tax God damn you come to LA God damnit you gonna check in And you check in when you come here now let break down the other games.


Y'all keep talking about the cel. Well this sugar got ad and Bron, we beat the Boston Celtic. Y'all don't wanna talk about a y'all having 45 against the motherfucker, let's talk about it. Matter of fact, before we even get to what we did to the Celtic, let's talk about what y'all been saying. Duh. You didn't come over and talk when y'all got beat by Gold State motherfucker we couldn't buy a basket. We couldn't buy a motherfucking basket because we lost the Golden State. But guess what though? The Rockies team that we beat just beat Golden State. You motherfuckers ain't talking now go Curry N three motherfucking boy. Man LeBron could nip let LeBron score three points in a motherfucking game.


Y'all will still be on his and right now ain't no gold mind scoring no three points in no whole guy, no curry crying like a motherfucker behind them sugar up. Shut up. I want you fans to come on here right Now you big bag as Golden State fan. Come on here right now and and goddamn defend Curry for having three goddamn points. Let's talk about it. Anybody can be beat but it's how you be beat. We beat the dog shit out OKC. That's what we did. I saw what God damnit you saw but y'all talking shit to me.


You ain't say no Golden State beat for what? Wasn't nothing else to say. Golden State just beat us. But if I bench Gabriel didn't have no what three points that damn game. Three or six points that you ain't gonna win like that And they had open shots but you see when we hear our open shots what happened? We kick ass and that's all we doing. We kicking ass And I loving it love getting in the chat watching y'all cry man look ain't gonna do nothing to Sugar. Y'all knew giving us that white boy Luca, y'all ass in trouble.


Somebody say Kerry shot only shot was a halftime big. Yeah y'all goat had three points the whole game. That's terrible bro. Like ain't no excuses for no shit like a curry. Curry got four right Draymond, you got to start back and forth and shit. I know Curry your boy you love him and and he a franchise player of the team but that's when them time you brain curry in the locker room. Ha halftime anyway he ain't have three points whole game halftime and have a long talk with bro. I don't know fuck going on with you but you best to put that ball in that motherfucking basket when we get back out there. If you going to put the ball in the basket when we get back out him after the game, I'm beating your ass the same way I did Jordan Pool.


That's what if I'm Draymond that's what I'm telling you. Don't fucking play with me like that dog. You already know I can't shoot if I'm Draymond I can't shoot barely can dribble. All I could do is fo real good. It's your job to put the ball in the basket if you gonna put the ball in the basket. I mean I don't get paid. I don't fucking whoop somebody ass And that's what it take these days. You gotta whoop somebody ass God it to let 'em know you ain't bullshit. Damn I give, I got as whoop And I ain't taking that never not taking no a I run in goddamn meat and when I'm running from you I'm talking shit to you the whole motherfucking time. You better not let me get to safety. You better not let me get in the eyes of the police.


Shit your ass in trouble nigga dig. I'm gonna run right to the internet and talk all kinds of shit. That's what I do. Tell y'all some real shit man. I just took my anger out to eat. Don't y'all know this motherfucker can't read no menu. This bad bitch can't read no fucking menu but she know every dance move in the damn world but when it come down to read the goddamn menu she can't fucking read you too motherfucking old for that ain't you all that sweating and dancing and all that line dancing at the reunion just musty and all that but you put a motherfucking book in front of 'em they can't read.


I just went over and looked at my grandma, you ain't done your motherfucking job, you ain't done your motherfucking job. She's still living with you and can't read what they do. You failed as a motherfucker. I ain't know I took my anger the god damn Uhuh I the guard shit. I'ma have what you have now be God you can't squeaking your eyes up. They go motherfucker here you can't read nigga get you can't see God you can't read. I called my cousin man don't y'all know y'all god damn mama can't read. Yeah we know which one. Why the hell y'all here though?


Why the hell y'all that's embarrassing man love my s motherfucking death but I ain't even know no more man I ain. I ain't even know that shit kind of threw me off for a minute though. Nah nephew I can't read but You know every motherfucking dance and know every song in the world but you can't fucking read. Come on now. My family don't like it. I'm talking about but fuck them sometimes you gotta be like fuck family. The family ain't right. Motherfucker ain't always right man don't fucker use you. They didn cry about it. Don't You know a REAL TALK I can have family member motherfucking die guy called him home die them motherfucker calling me.


Hey fam you got $15,000 Act like I act like I just got $15,000 laying around And we going bury such and such motherfucker. It's 200 of us all us put $5 in here God damnit $8 in God we can get such and such bury. Why y'all keep fucking calling me every time somebody die God cremate them miracles. That's my specialty. I burn your ass in a minute. No cop 12 burn him going the hell any goddamn way burning. Wanna show him mouth and put him in all this Gucci and all this shit.


Nigga never putting that nigga in no motherfucking go sending that shit right to the clings and and and and wearing that shit to one of my shows. I'm not putting that nigga in my good shit to send him home. Never fuck I'll burn that nigga. I call the family down right now, don't in there and look at it. Talk to him, hug him up. God don't do what you gotta do because when that weight coming here tomorrow Godda it only be ain't gonna be as a picture frame otherwise his aunt burn. I fucking calling me. Every time something bad happens y'all want to call me, call God.


I'm not stronger than God. I don't have God power. I don't have God's skill. I don't have none of that. God call him want me to save everything. Not don't fucking do it Sick of this shit. Trump got shit fucked up around here man my anger can't even read a thermostat. Trump got shit fucked up around here. My grandma four oh K 401k thing said 4 0 4 era. Fuck going on Trump. Fuck be around here fixing shit now my grandma on talking about moving in with me. No ain't going to happen.


Love my grandma and them but I ain't got time sharing my wifi in my bathroom with this hoe. Hell no. Grandma gonna show up to my high with one of them old Jane Brown duffle bag in a damn crock pot top my, You know I don't be eating that much. You don't but you cook like you cooking for the last supper. Go go on the road do my show come back every family member at my motherfucking house, all them running through my shit. You been lying. You got, you got more than what you say you got Get the fuck outta my house. All of my cabinets and all this other shit. Thosey motherfucker man.


Yeah man sometimes you gotta be like some family. Fuck Missy jealous as hearted motherfuckers you do something for 'em, you ain't doing enough. You could have been done done this. Well I tell you what, I won't do nothing now for your ass. I bet you that pick a up from work do a good deed. They won't you, they want you to take 'em all around the goddamn world for $10. Bitch 10 for gas ain't gonna do nothing for me. I'm riding around in my goddamn good AC too. Shit. Bet you've known how your ass will find your way home. It won't be me. I'm not going that way but the whole time I'm going that damn way.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent Voices from his past came forward And he Was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott, I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is oh he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts


Not feeling that shit no more. It's a whole lot of shit I ain't feeling no more y'all. I'm just not certain shit. I'm not feeling in my life no more. And all them girl trips came off so them hoes on them girl trips. Nike from the time them ho kick off them planes get down in them hotel room getting them little mustang goddamn swimsuits shit. Them hoes di pour 'em mimosas oranges line. Oh Don Julio them ho and they always make up a lie. Some man will fall. Look bitch that's that Stu I ain't locked y'all people what going on?


I need girl shit I need to get away. You trying to go get licked on hoe by Queen Latifa. That's all you trying to do. My tongue ain't good enough for your motherfucking na no more. Yeah but when your fat ass hungry you want me to go get your seafood boy or you want me to barbecue for you But God when you, when you, when you want that nasty And you want to shake and shit, you wanna go go get that stud. Lets get out. Call the CPS on you ho you Every weekend And you wanna run your ass to them girl trip ain't they god damn much girl trip in the world. I know what's going on down there. You done got turned out so you had a taste of it in college.


You were ding in college but you kind of grew out of a little bit but Now you, you got a family and shit now but the nigga done stress you out all these years now when you get back around them you feel like you young again. Yeah I know what going on then. Y'all think I'm crazy when I choke the bitch. You goddamn right. I choke the literal and prince all around. That whole nigga Gdy ain't got nothing on me Now you, I got a legitimate why I did it. He magic coming from work. You the scissoring shit.


I'm s I'm I'm doing the cutting, I'm doing the glue I'm talking about, I'm talking about taking big trips with my god damn money. The whole going is goddamn damn lumon. They went down to the Puerto Rico two or three times. They been to Jamaica with my money now all that talking about she finding herself. Yeah your family gonna find you in one the goddamn moves too. I bet you that you big bad seafood balling God, God damn. No neighbor having that BBL weren't having that motherfucker you they gonna family gonna find you me said I do what I wanna do but I ain't got no job.


I need therapy. I ain't going outta yard. I need therapy. When I opened up that motherfucking phone that time and seen that nigga dick, I kicked that phone across the goddamn hallway nigga with that dick that big gotta be autistic. I'm just saying. I'm just fucking saying my son autistic. I know that nigga Dick was so big it was she had to be an autistic. Ain't no goddamn way. She hardened that nigga shit. She ain't never hoarded my my dick picture when I send them to her. She always gave me the thumbs up. But that nigga she hardened his shit.


I went through her journal. She talking about she felt it in her throat. This motherfucker you got making you feeling in your throat Why he was a burning She she said she slept lunch. Y'all wonder why I'm mad. She, I'm trying to touch on this bitch and rub on her. She don't want to do nothing. She she's sore. You need sore for me. You what? So I'm that's assault. What he doing in my business man that's assault dog.


That's real live assault And I know y'all watching y'all laugh. This shit ain't fucking funny dog. Y'all need to be comforting me because they make me wanna go out there pow powow powow. I don't wanna do that. I wish you but I don't wanna do all that I did Mr. Stop cheating. This fucking not both pants legs. Mama wanna call me every morning and and and pray. It ain't working. It ain't working. She getting worse. She getting worse man.


On top of that now this whole one go see Usher nip us ain't that motherfucker burning them Shit your nice as gone some goddamn I wish I would bring to my girl one usher goddamn country shirt. He bring his goddamn sweating. James Brown as mannerism having ass around now trying to feed my whole grapes. I'm telling you right now I'm going feed or motherfucking hand and I'm talking about feeding him too. Security don't get fed too. I might get knocked out but the world gonna watch me feed or I'm feeding too. I'm gonna hear us with some shit he ain't never seen before Chapter show me some shit.


You god damn right. Yeah you see the left but you ain't gonna see the right come but out on TV too goddamn damn right. I might get drug up outta there. I might not make it home but the world gonna see me feed us and I'm gonna feed her too shit. Two for one. Come on. I'm fighting for love. When if you're fighting for love, everything going be all right but I'm gonna feed us there. You big I be talking to on Waistline over. Yeah you bring your big bad ass all over it nigga I'm gonna show you something. I better go somebody else And I'm gonna look her dead now. I ain't gotta say nothing You know but this look, she know when we get in that motherfucking car girl you, You know I thousand on goddamn And you acting like you wanna dig Nigga bitch you Y y you in trouble.


Did y'all see that Amy? She probably lost her goddamn mind. Russell fucking up homes. You can either hip it or fuck it up. I'm thunder. I know my whole week so Russell coming over to my girl. I can't have that. I can't, y'all can call me all kind of whole ass niggas weak. My emotional. I don't give a damn but I tell you what I'm gonna feed Usher shit. Feed him too that style nigga. Yeah we gravy come. Yeah I'm gonna be a, I'm gonna be a hero where I'm from. That's what I'm talking about nephew.


You don't let nobody play in your beast And you gonna let nobody play with your beat either you did that, you damn right. I might not be able to see I nearly one the eye for a couple months but Godda usher going to feel me. I be won't be no concert the next night. I bet you that I'll sit in us chest and feed. I beat shit outta us. Go down want y'all say I beat, I be, I beat the dog shit out of ain't not want too many more people but I feed you. I beat nigga I'm a monster. When I'm by myself regular I'm weak but behind a hole I'm pop sailor hanging come. I'm fighting behind Olive nigga.


I'm only going by what I seen growing up. Popeye weak. We didn't have no that's all weak. When life we broke, we dying. Now we gonna feel good but that's when we really at our best And we don't even know we do our best when we die, when we broke. But when we get money, we get the feeling ourself again. We feel strong, we feel like we could conquer the world. Yeah, that's that phi type action. But you the same be the same person when you're broke, when you same person when you getting money. Yeah. I'm gonna make you laugh but I'm gonna give you some goddamn facts too. Yeah.


Nigga used to wear pants all off. I as now, now they tight skinny jeans. Yeah Hurtful jeans. Louis belt sign this that I'm a victim. I'm, I'm wanna talk about myself. I never lose myself. I know who I'm as a man. I'm illegal. I'm gonna go kill her. I'm an innovator. I'm a I'm a inspiration type nigga. I get information. I'm not gonna hold it from you. I'm, I'm gonna give it to my people. I'm gonna share it with my people. If I go and fish, we all going to eat when I come back.


That's me. That's the way you gotta be in life. But I'm a firm believer of this. If you don't work, you don't eat. In most cases if you don't work these niggas will steal. I took spend thousand usher feed my bitch grape. I be damn my bitch don't eat grape feeding that bitch pearls. You know I'm an old school, I got a old soul. I'm feeding my bitch. Pearls come but my old nine, I got an old timer now.


I got from my grandpa I used that when I cut that powder. Come on, come eat, come lemme feed you. Lock old man nutrition lock whole give with us men and they don't never admit we changed these whole lives. We changed these whole diets. These whole be eating bad. They whole motherfucking lives now they give us some men like us now they eating Turkey bacon. Bitch ain't never heard of Turkey bacon. Bitch eating Turkey bacon now bitch eating grass fed bison. You know what I'm talking about. Bitch ain't never had them kind of meals in her body now bitch eating shit You know pescatarian now don't eat no meat. She eat fit like we be changing these women line. They gonna be wanting to give us credit for this shit man. But you women got to start giving us good men credit.


We coming to y'all life. Change our motherfucking life and then start giving us our props. Don't drink water every day. You know I'm talking about juice, coconut, water, the big skin glowing again wasn't glowing, wasn't glowing, wasn't glowing like that when she was with Chad. But when she got with you now, now she glowing now she done got a job now she got a car now she got ow now she got a baby now she got a life. We gonna get no credit. Some good men that watching this show right now baby mama treat 'em like shit. Hold your head. No because they pass gonna pass a law.


Your baby mama mistreated you anytime in your life. You have the right knock father ass one goddamn time. I'm talking about knock ILAs juice everywhere. I'm tell you something man. Boy I can find me one of them goat. Oh man I'm talking about she do it so good. Her eyelashes fell off. I'm not bullshitting. I looked at my lap. There were eyelashes everywhere. I said ooh that whole really light. If a woman really love you and she do that motherfucking hard to wear, her eyelashes come off. That's the one shit after we went egg digs baby.


You want some coffee? Just some coffee baby. You want some corn juice too? Just some orange juice. Bring us some wallet. Two. How many of them goddamn pancakes you want? Eight. Them eight. Dig, scramble dig. I took that whole Ds and spent egg five goddamn dollar and goddamn just what? When I went back to the house I enjoyed myself. I asked ahead, she knew, she understood the goddamn mission gave me all the vagina. I made me feel good. I put a $475 on cash app she'll throw on her motherfucking way when that mother hit her motherfucking account she's oh you make a mistake.


No idea. No idea. I didn't make no mistake. That's for you now these young 28-year-old thick fine ig wanna be marga motherfuckers that $475 will Willa pissed him off. But guess what? That bitch woulda just been $475 short too because you wouldn't have guy out. Yeah I got money but I ain't gonna take you to no goddamn gall. Real. No on a rainbow ho. What wrong with you fashion over and shit. You, you gonna gall shit. You my old lady, you see me walking around the and more female.


She belong to me And I don't let me, motherfucker gonna the mall that shit. I buy you some Nikes. I buy you some mermaids somes that shit. You not getting shit. Louis Queen NI beat. Damn you be the one I think you're gall real. You one you in and out these goddamn malls. And if you watching this show right now, I don't give a damn if I run you in the mall, that's just what I think of you and in the mall type motherfucker. Yeah close. I don't get fed. You want something now I don't really be wanting that big bitch.


Bitch You know I'm saying you couple dollars Bitch I was thinking we should go steak 48 Never. I go steak 48 I get dressed up but we going then Steak and Shake. Bring your ass up and steak and shake in a minute. I ain't too proud shit. I ain't no big, big, big, big celebrity yet. None of that. I'm on my way one that day but I ain't there yet. Yet. We can go steak and shake And we can shake. I can eat too. God damn right. I never changed who I am. Give a damn about what people talking about. No Knock on fucking do it.


How y'all feeling man? I'm feeling good. Been on tour ki now. This weekend was crazy Friday we was in LA Saturday, we was in Oakland last night. We was in Arizona. Man it feels so motherfucking good man to to go out there and just let it go. Just let it go. So many people showing up so many. If you're a single man And you coming to the comedy show, you going to leave. What's up? I guarantee you I leave motherfucking women out here. Y'all niggas fighting it. Shooting for what? And you why Let's go on and say it. You boys like fucking boys And that's your business.


I love you. I ain't got nothing against you. I'm just telling you what I see all these women out here. Y'all niggas shoot and fight. Yeah Big a buck keep big A buck. Not Song day. Little bit tough. He said up to me ain Gay got into a fight last week, they called me. I ain't got to call me that motherfucker fight then you. He build like me upper body but lower body like his mama boy is cold with them.


God damn hands ain't get them hair from me. I can't fight the whole world. No I can't fight. But the boy can fight. Ain't gonna bullshit. Whoever, whatever nigga he get with they in trouble.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley season one. I Just knew him as a kid. Long silent Voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is oh he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


He aggressive with the fans. Shit ain't got help got call me. I ain't getting in that business motherfucker fight though. I tell you that. I I'm, I respect my son. I I I love him to death. He do what he do. I don't get in his motherfucking business and You know he, You know, You know, You know he always can stay here if he need to play, stay, You know I I I love him. That's my boy. Can't, You know, I'm saying I wish we could sit down and watch the football games together and shit. But he like watching Love and Hip hop and You know I be wanting to just talk to him certain shit about certain things And I can't 'cause he be wanting to talk about women's shit and so I I've been having to adapt to my son and, and, and his lifestyle that he just chose.


And I had a little piece of game over her one day and he came over and she was laughing and, and You know, I told her, Hey you want me laughing at my son now that that that that's, that's my baby. I love him Now. You, You know, laughing little two motherfucking hard bitch your life be cut out next week gonna be calling me and I'm gonna leave you in the dark. So I mean I be laughing at my god damn son because, because he and this motherfucker twisting and, and and and going on and shit. Shit. That's what he do. My son come over, I go to the other part of the house. I let him have his, You know have all that. I go over him and come on let him, because he finna invite his friends over. They finna have drinks. And I, I love my child.


I'm a real fucking father. I'm a real father but I'm broken. That's why I told you I need therapy. I went golfing and come back to the house. I can see his car And I went to a part of the house and he was in that motherfucker toothed his ass up. And I been going to church every Sunday man. Ever since. Huh Lord where did I go wrong? Was it me Heaven, I started questioning myself. Was it me Heavenly father talk to me Heavenly father show me a shine. Heavenly father lead me. Heavenly father.


What should I do with my son? Heavenly father. I put that nasty some bitch out. Yeah you goddamn come back. Go your mama. You nasty. Some of them. Yeah don't tell me no goddamn we don't do all that in this house. This house of Lord we don't do all that shit. We don't do all that.


You watching this show, it being presented by prospects going I'm finna do something new here tonight man. Go and download prospects. Use my promo code or trash when you do that, I want you to hit this number. It's a 8 1 8 number 3 5 5. I think it's 51 51. I want y'all to hit that number and when y'all do it and I'm confirming with prospects that y'all use my promo code, anybody that from now on sign up with my promo code trash with the two H's. I'm gonna give y'all $50. That's where I'm gonna start doing for y'all. Anybody that sign with prospects from now on and using my promo code trash you, you hit that number and once we confirm it I'm gonna give y'all $50 man REAL TALK. And it's more or less on your favorite play over there. I done rang it up the last two days man. REAL TALK And my team will tell you that last two days I I done rang it up by 8,500 squat business just like that. You think I'm lying? I screenshot and show it to you but yeah Prospect is the way to go. All them other ones trash. Yeah Prospect. If you can't watch the show And you only can listen to it, go with Apple Podcast. Go with Spotify, type in the bubble dub show. Oh damn. And it's just that mother simple man y'all playoffs coming up y'all Hell And I know y'all ready. I'm ready because I'm tired of all this talking shit. That's the number right there. Here. 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51 Cy Prospect use my promo code trash if you do that And we confirmed that you did that, I will give you $50 man REAL TALK. That's what we doing. Help me and I'm gonna help you. That's what we doing man.


But like I say the NBA playoffs coming up next week, next week is going down. I can't wait. I can't wait for y'all to see these motherfucking Lakers man. I probably believe in the Lakers more than they believe them. They just REAL TALK. They get something about that purple and gold. It's something about something about that shit being in LA when they winning man there's a different vibe in the city right now in la It's a lot of love in the city in LA right now man. Just what Luca coming over and bad. It's a beautiful thing after the east. I ain't gonna lie. You got the Celtics, you got the calves.


It's gonna cut my little two teams in the east for sure. Celtics calves. I don't reach nobody else beating no two teams. Celtics got their hands full, them calves. I'm gonna be honest with y'all. They they got their motherfucking hands full. I was just Saturday night I was with my good friend Gary Peyton GP and we was talking about it and he was just saying he like calves too just they deep they bench it's deep. They they got like a seven eight like a eight man rotation and Boston is gonna have to deal with them far as the west. Y'all I got Nick. Nick straight. I ain't gonna lie Nick straight but I don't think they could beat the Cals or the Celtics. Let's be real seven games. I don't, I don't see it but if they did it would be good for basketball for damn sure.


But the West, You know OKC Ace town man like can't sleep on no motherfucking rockets man. Most definitely, most definitely gonna You Doka got them boys playing like some real good live ball right now. I always dim with Yoic and then you got my Lakers man. I mean you got my mothering Lakers. What like what more can I say? And that's just what it is right now with that. Appreciate that King. Get a big man LA would've be scared. Yeah I I was hoping we would've got a big man bro.


I was hoping and praying we would've got a fucking big man. I don't know why rescinded that trade with Dolton connect I for whoever know. I don't know. I wish they just would've made the shit happen. Appreciate it Omar. I don't know man to be honest like that was some bullshit. Maybe we get one next year but next year I ain't promised like tomorrow ain't promised us bro. That's why I keep telling y'all man if after, if y'all gonna do something do that shit now. Quit procrastinating, appreciate it. Dedicate quit procrastinating and and and go ahead and do what you going to do now man because tomorrow ain't from us. There's too much shit going on in the world man. To be honest man. One day a person will love you the next day I hate you so I always tell people gonna get too high, don't get too low.


Stay in between keep your nose clean and, and and and and work everything I have. I work for everything. I work for everything. You probably have, you work for some of y'all probably had it better than others. That's cool but that gonna make you less than us at all. But stay focused in these times. I'm just telling y'all just to say this, I always keep my ear to the streets on certain shit what's going on above our pay grade or what we in in our life hold what you got. It's doesn't get bad. Aren telling you gonna get bad but don't, don't get discouraged.


That's I would say don't get discouraged. Keep pushing, keep being great and keep God first in your life man. You know you and your relationship with God. It is your relationship. I know a lot of people be trying to force religion on people. I never do that. I hate when people do that. Your relationship with God is your relationship with God. My relationship with God is my relationship with God And if I want to sit down in my home and and go to church in my, in my living room And I that just what I'm going to do. I had this female trying to tell me And you ain't need be done all that. You need to be going here and Now you go. 'cause at the end of the day when I go I'm gonna be by my motherfucking self.


I'm not gonna be in no cash with you. Not gonna be in no cash. I'm accounted for my own self. You account for your own self. So me trying to tell me what I need to be doing be you doing. That's why you gotta get your own shit fellas and put these hoes out whenever you be up. Yeah bitch get loud, get out, get get out. I don't mind saying nigga in love saying it too Bitch I run this. You might have ran your apartment but I run appreciate it hiking.


Once we confirm that bro I'm gonna send you 50 square business. Anybody else that subscribe to prize pick span used by promo code trash two hs. Once we confirm that, get that number, let us know I'm gonna give you $50 Man we gonna make this shit work for all of us because if I win we all we I'ma you right now finna get that big. Some of you finna get that breakthrough this week. You don't even know it. You been waiting. You been waiting. It ain't came. Guess what It's coming this week. The breakthrough you looking for is coming this damn week. You just gotta believe man. Keep putting yourself in position, keep going. Keep doing your thing that you supposed to do at your job. Yes some folks gonna talk about you. They going ha hang on you but you keep doing what you're doing.


Don't be like them being messy, getting in the shit at the job getting rolled up. You keep being the perfect examples as you supposed to be. You will grow promise you that shit be don't be with the crowd that's always talking. I always got something smart to say. Can't never learn 'cause your ass they can't listen. How you gonna learn if you don't listen sometimes you gotta know when to close your mouth. Yeah that's where your pride come in. Yeah. Yeah. Check your pride sometimes you gotta know when to be quiet and don't say shit and just hold again shit. Good shit happened. I promise you that man. Yeah.


Yeah. Some people gonna say your ass kisser but you got a family to feed though. You gonna wanna go back to the streets. That's where you came from. You don't wanna go back to that. You don't wanna be away from your, your girl or your kids no more. Your mama And you gonna wanna be, you wanna do right for a change and and god damn it's all about being in the right environment. You understand It's all about being in the right environment where you can thrive and, and and, and be all the things you want be. You can't be all that when you back in the hood where you get s You know you can't, you can't, anything can happen now.


Anything can happen to you anywhere when you're back in the hood and you're back around that environment. I kind of look at it like the algorithm, You know understand what I'm saying? It's the a that's life algorithm now. Shit you think about it happens. So if you're thinking positive, positive shit going to happen. If you're thinking negative, bad shit going to happen. Y'all get where I'm coming from. It's REAL TALK. You gotta think this shit man I shit got bad motherfucker over. I gonna do everything to I'm do it. I that shit happened boy that shit happened.


All you gotta do is talk hey Lord heaven and Father I want get this money but when I get this money I want to do right. Bless you. Your bless you. I'm telling you man, I thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show. He knows And you, It's always a blessing to come on hunch and and chop it up with y'all man. Somebody just part your should call. Hell no signal man. Somebody hit me and say bubble the bigger you get. Will you, will you ever stop believing in God?


Hell no. I always believe in him. I know some don't but I do. I know what he do for me. He wake me up every mother freaking morning Come wake up man. Lot of my friends and family members didn't make it to see my age. Somebody ain't gonna make it through tonight. So blessing never Stop counting your blessings. Always be thankful for what you got. Not for what you not have but always thankful what you got. God gonna give you what you what you need. He not gonna give you what you want. He gonna give you what you need, not what you want. So be thankful. Be mindful of the people in your life and some people watching the show right Now.


You need to tell somebody you love them. You might be mad at 'em holding the gr Tell them now before they gone go when they gone you ain't gonna be able to tell 'em the thing you sugar told 'em when they was hurting. I see it all the time man. People can't live with theyself no more 'cause they were mad at somebody and never got to tell 'em they love them. So no matter what at the end of the night you mad at your girl, your kids or whatever at the end of the night. Tell 'em you love them. I don't care if she done gave another nigga head And I been there and imagine praying for a motherfucker who was sucking another. I mean sucking it with Bash ain't never suck. She ain't never, she ain't never suck mine like that before.


Your boy and my thing ain't that big. She got nigga on, she glazing over this nigga shit man slapping herself with it. She ain't never slapped herself with my meat. You know how that make me feel man watch your girl slap herself with another nigga meet And you, it's heavy. I ain't never heard that before. Not never. But I still have to pray for that big wild head asshole every night I did that night. Yeah I need therapy. Ain't nobody gave me no award from holding a motherfucker from sucking a nigga dick. I had to hold that hole. That whole cheating on me and cried with me. But she wasn't crying when she was sucking that nigga meat. Was she? Hell on the house.


She wasn't on her job. Bragging about that nigga meat. She ain't never want her. Y'all bragging about my meat. Only time I ever went to her job with bragging about me by my meat is when I barbecued. Man I'm out man. I'll let y'all man I'm out man. The Volume Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer.


Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.