
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen Often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three. Play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woohoo Chba. Chaba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cumba life. Visit tempo casino.com. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Get into zone. AutoZone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, worried about your battery and the heat. We get it. You don't want to get stranded somewhere with a car that feels like an oven. We've got you covered at AutoZone. America's number one battery destination. Our free battery testing and charging service can help. And if you need a battery, we'll help you find a new one. No problem. Power through with free battery testing and charging at AutoZone. Get In the zone AutoZone Restrictions. Apply


The Volume. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show everybody. Hope everybody doing good today. Today is Tuesday evening. You know Taco Tuesday? Ain't no motherfucking burgers being eat on no toasted straight Taco Camille. Camille Meat and Cheese. No salt cream, no tomatoes, no G lettuce. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Make sure you, when you do you keep your notifications turned on over here on The Bubba Dub Show.


I'm back. How y'all doing? How y'all motherfuckers doing So going on in the world Future. Got a new haircut. Thought were wondery. Who knew? Look like Wonder Sys. Everybody wanna go to this. Meet the dollar and and and walk All everybody wanna go meet the dollar but don't nobody wanna go. God ain't pleased with you niggas. He blessed you to wake up in the morning. Bless you. To eat clothes and all this other shit. But you still don't want gimme time. Okay. Keep playing with him. Yeah, keep playing with him Last night.


I know y'all sold them New York nieces beat them Boston Celtics. Boston Celtics was up 20 points on that strap up there in New York and still lost. I damn take them bro and say I ain't going out with, I fight ain't movie Bawling. Gimme Spike Lee rolling over on the movie set right now. Him and Denzel gotta admit I thought the game was over second quarter. I ain't gonna lie. I thought it was over. I thought it was gonna be another win that the bosses said to get Cruise to but Uhuh New York. Knick said it's a new year dog We same New York Weeks that that you used to. No we not. We different.


So I wanna give credit. What credit do Jaylen Brunson didn't have a best game. Yes he You know he had what, 20 what? 29 points but he was only nine for 23. Shooting wasn't great shooting like I said a noby have a good game Co. Anthony Towns look, if you co Anthony Towns just fucking frustrates me and I'm the only one you'll come my first quarter. 10 12 motherfucking point bowling after that. You don't see him no damn mo all that damn fo I bitch you can't help your team on the bitch big boy. Yes you got that fine as Jordan Woods. And you do but that don't mean a damn thing wasn't too long. When you gonna marry a fan?


Getting messy now been with Jordan by six, seven years now. You ain't married yet nigga nothing. Let I'm new you bullshitting. You supposed to run your big ass down there in the flash in the paint. Woo-hoo. I'm open you in the goddamn corner like you goddamn step curry Nick. I'm sick of your shit that you better than what you play dog. I ain't going to lie. Yes you can. Yes you can stress the floor. I get it. But they need you in the paint too. Getting re Abraham big boy because what's his name? Pingus. He got the big 7 3 7 4 White boy for Boston got hurt that might change his series.


Yes I still got Boston Wing this series in seven. But missing him is is going to hurt them for a size while I know it got Alford Alford all shit. Al Horford is old as shit and y'all know it. Y'all keep talking about bro taking something. I think Al Horford taking something because that motherfucker ain't had her since his third year in the league. Tell me I'm lying. Yeah he came out with the hoax y'all, y'all forgot Al Ho used to play for the hoax. He ain't had her since his third season. You gonna just lose her in Atlanta. You gonna lose no mother you change up there. But the next 1, 1 0 8, 1 0 5. Like I say Boston Celtic was up 20 points.


Lost the league. New York got the momentum. Jaylen Bronson getting shot after shot. Y's heart getting rebound second chances y'all. That's what I like about the New York Knicks. They get second chances. They hustle, they scrap after every loose ball And that what happens when you, when when when you gonna give up. They coulda just packed it in. Got ready for game two but they didn't. And as a Boston self fan I know I get it. I know I game too. Y'all point comeback out more serious and focus. Y'all probably beat them by 30 next game. That's just what I see. But this series gonna go seven. Don't think the New York Knicks is just going lay down. They not and it just great basketball all the way around man I just, I just love what I seen last night from the New York Knicks and y'all gimme y'all takes on that.


What y'all think? How y'all see this series going between the Knicks and the Ss right now? Jason Tatum didn't have the best game. 23.7 for 23. Jalen Brown was seven for 20. He didn't have the best game either. So let's just see what this series goes. I still got the Celss coming outta this series but it look for right now go it look real interesting From the Knicks. Like you can't tell me them guys in that locker room ain't ain't really feeling like they can beat ball like they really feel like they we were down on 20 we point comeback and one shit. We good and we can't even at my home good we got two games in Madison Square. Go and lemme tell you Boston self fans this 'cause I know y'all got one of the best loudest ar ringers in the world up there in Boston.


Y'all. Y'all magnificent up there but New York, Madison Square, Gordon is the Michael every about Fat Joe drunk Tracy Morgan, Chris Rock, Jerry Seinfield and the rats gonna be in the motherfucking building. Believe that them rats can't victim word at new Gucci shoots every rat in the city wearing in Gucci and in gang thought I mean gang three Don y'all want about New York, them goddamn rats support they teams. They gonna be there early. I don't know if they're wearing white or blue. If they're wearing white it's gonna be a whiteout number. Rats master pl going be in that motherfucker.


Six nine gonna be in that motherfucker. I might even be in that motherfucker. I be stitching two. I'm saying Nicky born them. I the motherfucker I snitched d this is I I tell it on your bad ass when she used to work a nine to five I was the eye talking this motherfucker on my job. I go by all the work man y'all doing good man. I go You know we got a meeting right. I'm gonna go ahead and tell them y'all doing y'all job. Y'all need a raise. I'm talking strictly to the brothers though y'all I'm gonna tell them y'all need a raise. That's on me. You gonna do that man, why not bro? I'm for us. I go right in that motherfucking officer office and do the opposite. Man y'all need get rid of them.


Bring in some more Mexicans. What I'm nigga don't work. They they they always talking back. They late and they don't wanna fucking do nothing. I tell that Mexican to do something, he fucking do it. When I tell a joke to do it Joe got attitude. I ain't got time nothing arguing with them niggas all damn they they bigger than me. They high they sweat Testosterone. I threw the roof. Y'all gonna fuck around and get me knocked out on the yard. So y'all need to get rid of some of these niggas. Soon as I go back out there, I think it went good boys. For real. I think it went good. I Think you gonna get a raise. What they think the next day we got to let you go? They calling me ba they fired me. You bullshitting man let me call you right back.


I'm already knowing that them niggas been fired better. Them me sha me. What you want W ain't right. Shit I needed my JOB When I'm on the JOBI keep my motherfucker mouth closed. I don't do no talking. I don't do no talking back. Well the boss tell me to do damn nigga I do it now when the boss gone I'm right along with y'all talking cash money, shit. But when the boss come back I ain't got a goddamn thing to say. I teach you how to keep a job smart. Talking as motherfuckers can't keep a job. Me, I'm smart about it man. I'm gonna talk my shit but I'm gonna do it low, low vibrations when the boss around but when you league God damnit I'm and I know and I know y'all seen the thunder low last night too.


Aren go and Bow hit the three at the end. Now let me just say this, I'm gonna break the game down for the people that's watching. I always think I'm just hooting and holler. Don't know what the hell I'm talking about. Lemme tell you some real shit. Let tell you some real facts about the game last night. Yes the demo nuggets won that game but you expect to get yo, you expect Yogis to get 42 and 22 and six again. I'm I'm just asking the motherfucking question. Are you expecting that again? Are you expecting Westbrook to get 18 off the bench again like that? Mary had 21, Gordon had two are you and you barely one. So are you getting one going with that? Do you expect that to happen again?


I don't think so. Jayden Williams Thunder didn't have a good, didn't have a good game. Shay didn't have a good game, had 33 but then shoot what for? Damn I'm simply asking y'all a question. Do y'all think Yos them could continue to play like that? I don't think so. I think Yos can probably score forward in 20 again but the rest of the players that was balling out last night are gonna see it consistent in going like that. I see this series going six games on the way. That's just the way I see it. Maybe I'm sleeping on the defending champs from a couple of years ago but I just don't see it like that no more. I just seeing a flawless game from the Denver Nuggets last night and they pulled it off Aren Gordon with the three at the end all everything was heroic for them.


Everything went they way last night and they got it but the th that didn't play their best game last night. Let's just, let's just be real on that part. But all the hate and down talking the these so-called scouts and plant people was doing on Westbrook. Eat your words nigga Brody after balding and I wanna come on my show and apologize because when you with the Lakers I blanked you. I ain't gonna lie, you wasn't more for damn with the Lakers but it would because I they use you see it take a real man to come back and apologize and be 100 with the people and also myself. It wasn't, it wasn't you whereas Brooke and you knew that and and your real fan base knew that it was just how the Lakers use you.


It was just how the LA Clippers use you. The Devil Nuggets are using you the right way letting you do shit your way and it's working. I can't do nothing but salute you for what you done done this year so far with the Nuggets dog man to man bro you're doing your thing. I, I'm proud of you and You know I hope you get your first ring. I mean I hope You know Denver, Denver could You know Wing a ring. I wouldn't be mad but I don't see y'all winning this series though. I see the Thunder Wing in this series but You know Nuggets won 1 21 1 19. They up one. Oh right now they still out there in Oklahoma. I look for Oakland Comeback Oklahoma Thunder come back the next game and beat the dog shit out of Yes I know devil ain't gonna really trip 'cause you going home for two games.


But them goddamn youngsters gonna be ready to go on that road. You can best believe that Them youngsters gonna be ready to go on that road and do what it do. This ain't no old act. Clippers and James Harden booty breast smelling as and Kaly arm transmission. All knees happen as team. No think about it. Just think about this though. Shea what 6 7, 6 8 where we can't hold that motherfucker. Do you remember that Westbrook can't hold that motherfucker now they can put the lou loose in the little dirts They could put him on the on on the Jamal Marys of the world a bond of the world because they about the same height and statue inside this and that.


Hey man I'm just loving. I know y'all are man your Lakers in Hawaii, you damn right And that's where they fucking need to be. Every time a Laker loon they wanna put a report out about bro being hurt. I'm tired of that shit. Take your a on nigga. But it do make me recant what I said though if that boy really hurt his MCL and that's the reason why he was playing like that. Maybe he is the goat. I was trying that day. I come on this show now I was fucking guy. I was on that. This ain't trash y'all. I wasn't in my right mind when I was, I was.


I was. It was. It was passion. It was in healing moment when I said LeBron wasn't no goat. I'm sorry I was tripping. I was tripping. I apologize. The reason why 'cause he was hurt. Now I know what y'all gonna say. Come on dude you can't be doing that. I don't do whatever the fuck I going through. I can see clearly now the is that's I was saying to y'all day, You know I be flip flo. I said I be high ain't mean too to Hood.


It made me do shit that I don't normally do. I hit some shit that last night. It made me wanna go snorkeling. Do I look a nigga that can snorkel can't swim. I call Floyd and say man let's let's let, let's, let's go to Miami though. Let's get the boat. I wanna go snorkel. He like Doug You know you can't swim. I can wear a long jacket no fan. My point is I'm not letting nothing stop me. And that's what we be doing in today's time. We'll let somebody say something to us and discourage you. I'm not doing that no more. So now hotel me, my thing ain't big. I don't give a damn.


It's bigger though. May not be big than you this big to some homeless motherfucking female on the street right now. You think I won't go on the streets and find me one of them homeless ho and wake her up, clean her up, straighten her up, move in with me. I got a job for you. Not going to the club no more. Not gonna the lounges no more. Not going to the church no more. Not going to Walmart no more. I'm going on the streets. It's some homeless hold on the streets that need some TLC here I am. They ain't picky either. I raised them goddamn seats up off that side and let goddamn knock you stay down here, knock you goddamn.


Look at God girl. If you get me three months I'll change your motherfucking life. I'm believe in going in the streets and building the streets up. That's what I'm on right now. I don't know what y'all on but that's what you on REAL TALK and now y'all notice the people that always go out, we outside they be the brokest motherfuckers outside ain't paying for shit. Taking pictures and big yo we outside you out there and broke looking for some, looking for some guy or some stud to buy you every goddamn drink you wanna talk to me You I guess she buying me and my whole team drinks in night.


In night. You get your Captain Morgan big throw tequila, drinking ass pop my face. That's because you key. I'm supposed to buy you a drink now I'll not them women in the seventies one doing that. Them women in the seventies when nurses had eight kids, God damn had two or three jobs and God there never seen their kids because they was always at work. But they but but but they made it happen D ho d they got one job in crime. I don't never have no time to do nothing for myself. My my Barbara Lynn, them, Barbara Lynn them didn't, didn't have no help. Ain't got it done.


That's why, why my baby Bob Lynn come over here to the motherfucking house. Now I show her nothing but Lord I got nothing but love for you baby. And Bob Lynn come over here, we go over our insurance policies together. I bur you and shit and she got me on point nigga I'm trying to, I'm trying to invest in some funeral homes. Why you gotta get you a old woman, an old motherfucker that's on the side of me sitting right here. She she doing her puzzles and shit. I'm over here handling this social media business type shit. No we, we compliment one another. She makes me bail la cool chamber. She makes me bail.


So we all made mistakes right but on it up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degrees whole thing. It turns up sweat and other protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Trading shouldn't have barriers. When Robinhood started it was built to make trading more accessible. Now Robinhood offers more sophisticated trading tools. Experience the future of trading on Robinhood legend. The all new desktop platform that harnesses intuitive design to deliver a seamless experience for traders free to use with a Robinhood account. Robinhood Legend is designed for how you trade with powerful charts including custom intervals down to the tick and over 80 indicators and drawing tools. Trade all of your favorite assets, including popular stocks and ETFs all in one place. Take your trading to the next level by customizing your layout in seconds and even enter and exit positions in one tap right from the chart with up to eight charts per layout. The future of trading is fast, powerful and precise. Experience it now on Robinhood legend. Sign up today. Investing is risky. Robinhood Financial LLC member SIPC is a registered broker dealer. Other fees may apply.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota let's go places


Get in the zone Auto zone. Annie's first oil change wasn't as hard as she thought because she went to AutoZone where a friendly auto owner helped her find the right oil and save on an oil filter. He explained the job and showed her free how-tos on AutoZone dot com when she was done. AutoZone recycled her old oil for free. No hassles just help Everything you need nothing you don't get in the zone. AutoZone restrictions apply.


Fuck them young women. They ain't damn no more man. I keep telling them young ho want too much. Her puss like Vical probably straight water milk. You Her 95 pounds too. She dick she real tall. I grabbed her. I love you but you don't know what love is shit. God brought us together. So what it is you got a point young man. I know I I know I do. But how y'all feeling this though man? I'm feeling real good. Over the weekend the Houston rocks lost to the Golden State Warriors at home.


At Home Rocks. You lost Jalen Green Ain't what? Ain't ain't what I thought he was. He and I I'm sorry to say y'all, y'all need to let Jalen Green go, y'all need somebody else or nothing because if you had somebody over there like Kevin Durant or a Bradley or Devin Booker on this current Rocky's team, y'all would've beat the Warriors. Now that guy Thompson, y'all got, y'all got some of him. They single. Y'all got single. Y'all got some him. Y'all got the team. Y'all just need somebody else to give y'all the extra push And Jaylen Green not here Niel paint your knee black nigga paint them red 'cause you need to be on fire and your what?


And that's why y'all let the motherfucking high right now Rockets. But you got Promise you got a good future. You got a good coach, you got a good organization right now. I feel like you Doko gone. He gonna bring in somebody to help y'all rock. So if I'm a Rocket fan y'all ain't got nothing to worry about. Y'all will get out the first round next year I guarantee you that. I guarantee you the Houston Rocks get out the first round next year y'all got the team, y'all just nigga add one or two more pieces some sugar 'cause Jayden Green didn't get the job done. Alright. I don't know what it is like I don't understand what players man he got so much promise a player that You know him can go out and get you 25 and 30 but this motherfucker giving you 12 points, what the fuck going on with you dog?


Like I, I don't get it. People have all the talent in the world and they don't and they don't display it. I don't wanna get up here on my show and say that young man don't work 'cause I know he work I do but is it mentally, is it mental with these players is what I'm asking for the former players that's after or for the players that's in the game. Let me know. Talk to me. Is it mental when You know players that can go, I can get you 35, they get you 12 pulls the big brothers in the locker room talking to these players 'cause they gotta be confidence. Somebody gotta be you just can't say hey bro no we'll give them next game.


No you need to be in somebody motherfucking face talking to 'em Dog you better than that dog. You gonna get this many opportunities to make it to the playoffs. We we right here and you ain't. We your mob as nigga Jayden Greenford like he was diabetic. No energy, no sense of urgency, no nothing. Come on players. Come on now. Got got the play better than that. And the the Pacers they beat, they beat the cat out the first game. A bag ass Tail lost Bone Thug come out with a new album.


Not no damn low. They disappointed them damn Pacers come out on fire and they playing again tonight. Who you got Pacers house? I look for the cab to come by for redemption tonight. I do Donvan Mitchell. You do got that fine ass Coco Jones and I do mean fine but we'll make it all better if you take care of god damn business tonight. That's what you got to do. You go down oh one cool, we sugar it's all good. We point comeback. We at home Homecooked meal. I'm at the crib with baby.


I'm gonna keep me some before the game. I might smoke a little early before the game. I'm gonna get to the game early about two hours early. Work on my shot, work on my free throw what I'm saying get get get get in the room. You young niggas ain't doing that. Why? 'cause you're too busy at the house arguing with your girlfriend about what goddamn jeans you going to wear. What shirt you don't wear You niggas arguing with y'all women because you wanna wear they clothes nigga y'all wanna wear they purses and shit. Well they do that. You nigga didn't have no father figures in y'all life. When you, when you, when you get your mama at work, you at the house with your little sister. You trying on mama heels, you trying on Mama B blouse.


You trying on Mama earring, you putting up on makeup there boy you really wanna be a woman but you just good at basketball. That's all you ain't got. That ain't who you are. It's a free world. Even though America ain't shit because you can go to jail, you can go to jail for weed and come home and find night. It's a Fortune 500 industry. Tell me I'm lying.


Just stating the facts tonight y'all. So I do look for the Cleveland Cavalier, the Tiger Series of tonight Golden State facing off against that badass Ant Man. Oh yeah. Golden State going up there to Minnesota face off against Ant Man. And let me just say this right here tonight, today I bet you Rudy Goldberg don't do that shit against them Warrior that they have a nightmare about Dream of Green. The same motherfucker that was in that barbershop cutting her Clarence, that's Draymond Green. Who you talking about? Dope. I'm coming to America. You know when they was in there at that beauty pageant and he put that, that chicken in the, in that collection bun said What you doing Clance?


I thought I'm gonna the trash can I whoop your ass? The person who said I whoop your ass is Draymond Green. Draymond Green older than what they saying? Yeah I'm just telling y'all the truth. I know they say LeBron 40, LeBron 45 I bullshit LeBron 45 Draymond 47. But I look for this series, I think this series going to go six games. I think m so get the Warriors out there in six games. I really do. I feel like Ant Man gonna be a little too much for him. Na Reed Mega believe I me McDaniels mega believe I me I just think, I just think M so just got a little bit too much for the Warriors.


I think the experience of the Warriors got them past the Rockets but I don't see 'em getting past the the m so Timberwolves. But I just don't see Rudy Goldberg dominating the Warriors the way he dominated the the Los Angeles Lakers. I like JJ Red's a young coach but I think Steve Kerr is a little bit more smarter than that even though Steve Ker coaching has been questioned at times this year by him not playing commingle at times not playing Buddy heels at time Buddy Hill, I talked shit about you the other day and I'm glad I did because game seven you came out and ball because the game I came out and watched you play Game five and Ace Town.


You can do a motherfucking thing. You holler at me. I appreciate you being cool with me. I appreciate that dog but damn all that put some points on the board nigga I got, I done pick you, I done pick you on Power pick dog. You thinking I'm smiling because I fuck which I do but at the same time nigga get more than eight points nigga the fuck you wake up in the morning. I got a game today baby boom we about to go do our thing in stole eight points. Bitch I'm not trying to score eight, I'm trying to score 40. Where's the buddy hill? And we saw it ain't sell, we saw it. Will we see it Game one but your game travel, you did it in Houston, it travel in Houston, you went to home.


Can you keep it on the roll if you can Buddy Hill can average 20 points this series. I know I said tell me what's gonna win this series at six. But if Buddy Hill average 20 points this series somehow some way the Golden State Warriors will win this series. Anybody on here beg, beg to differ. Let's talk about it. Somebody say Buck two Bug Hill. REAL TALK damn for man you gonna win something. You gonna lose some of them things man. But it's But you gotta play. That's the thing. You gonna win something you gonna lose.


So see this NBA topic that I'm talking about now it's being presented by prize pick in case y'all didn't know right there at the bottom man all you gotta do is is just put in my promo code trash with the two H's. That's all you gotta do. You put $5 in, they gonna give you 50. Matter of fact they doing something even better than that right now man. They're doing a three pick flex. You got all the way up to May 31st to put a three pick flex in. You could do it up to five times a day. It don't matter if you win or not. The reason why I'm telling y'all to put these three pick flexes in right now because you could have a chance of going to the NBA finals. Yo you got a chance to win and going to the NBA final court side don't matter if you win on your pick or not. It's about about the entry for them. So if I was y'all I'd be putting in my three pick flex right now because I just put mine in last week. I ain't do shit but I just put me another three pick flex in if you want my three pick flex, I'm gonna put it on my Instagram DM in my stories Bubba Dub 94. I'll put my three pick flex up for tonight And you can make all kind of three pick flexes though. That's the thing though, You know you you gotta go. You could do it up to five times a day. You can't beat it. Prize piece man. Just you just picking more or less on your favorite player D. It got Draymond Green down for eight and a half points. Either you think he going to hit more or less. Go holler, let your boy and do what I asked you to do. You wanna get this paper, I'm gonna put you in on the game and if you can't watch my show at times go to Apple podcast or Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show boom magic there I'm there, I'm NBA play off talk.


You want somebody that's gonna come over here and talk that talk not be all PC and and trying to be. Nah nigga I'm I'm gonna give it to you role the only way I know how is to break the game down to you is the way I'm telling you I'm not gonna sugar coat shit And is it me is that these motherfucking players can't make free throws. What's going on? These motherfucker can't make a free throw to say hey damn lie they nigga 3 33 nothing but nets. Get to the free throw line air ball nigga what's going too. Where's your, your hand coordination concentration follow through.


You gonna have it but you got it for these hoes though. You got it for these. You got, you got all the concentration in the world for these hoes. That's distractions. You gotta come to the court ball now. I know a man that was going through some shit in his life. Kobe bean Bryan that rape shit he was going through off the court but when that motherfucker came on that court, do y'all remember that boy had nine straight games of 40 So points each and every night Bow these players right now can break up with they goddamn girlfriend and have a worst game.


This nigga will face him break but no nigga them hole gave up that mustard they done nigga. What was he finding out? Girl cheat. Trust me. I know, I know it. I found out my girl cheat on me nigga I had to go get her. I had to get sedated. Do you hear me? I had to get sedated. I thought my life was so thinking she at work she had some apartment getting her goddamn back beat.


I'm talking about getting her back beat in nigga my bitch was wobbling when she come out the apartment 'cause I stayed out there till she came out. I ain't go up there and try to find out what apartment she was in back then. I didn't try to do all that shit. I just knew I seen my car because I had a trucker in the motherfucker and when she come out she was wildling and I jumped out the car. You bitch I call all kind of B Lord forgive me I did But the nigga ended up coming out too. He ended up coming out too telling me get my ass out out there And I did. I got my ass out. I knocked up and then I sit around and waited and seen where Coy got in and wrote down his motherfucking his his his tags.


Yeah. Come on license plate come. I had a buddy on the force. I had a buddy work at the police park ain't run any place for me dog. He come back told me some shit. Oh he he got, he's a proud of this and proud of that. He is. Okay well let's just say that man ain't no longer on the streets. Let's just say that. And the last time I heard he had 15 more years to go. And that's just the way I like it. I'm back in good graces with my baby mama again. So let's just say I ain't worried about that nigga no more. If it's a problem y'all I always remember this. If it's a problem it can be fixed. You ain't got to go and kill nobody like y'all be doing behind these ho I could have bow, bow, bow and been in jail.


I could have been somebody woman in there but never you got to outthink people sometimes y'all you got to think smart. You got to be rational sometimes man I be him the right way through the sister. We don't need drug dealers out here no more. Not them kind. He was killing our people. He was killing our people and his mama went to my church. My church, he went to my mama church. I know that boy mama. You know what I'm saying? I know that boy mama man I know she didn't raise him like that but the devil can get into anybody and I be less of a man to have people out here killing my people on these streets. I can't do it. I can't live with that.


So when it was time to walk in that motherfucking courtroom I did. I walked in on my head hell high. I heard the people calling me a rat and I didn't give a damn God put me on earth to help the people not kill them. We are all God's children. We going to act like it. We treat people like shit and then come back around. We be needing the same people we treat like shit. Stop treating 'em like shit. 'cause you very because you never know where your help going to come from, come from. Do you hear me? You never know where your help going to come from. So I always treat people how you want to be treated. Treat 'em with love, treat 'em with respect and you hope they do it in return.


We can't worry about how other people treat other people. You only can worry about how you treat people man. REAL TALK. You want people around you. You, you are who you surround yourself with. Remember that. You don't wanna be in a room full of people when you leave. They talk about you. You wanna be in a room full of people when you leave Nothing but good things being said about you whether you there you not them, them the kind of people you need to surround yourself with. REAL TALK. Yeah them gangster niggas that ain't cool but they dangerous. It's a lot come with being around them niggas who act gangster and hard and wanna be showing off the jury all the time and flashing money that it's surprise to pay.


You can flash all the money you want but you best believe them Damn wolves kicking in your door. So sometimes you gotta keep shit. You gonna see Elon Musk holding money up to his ear wearing all that shit do you? Hell no. Hell no. So we have to be smarter. That's all I'm saying. Black people be smarter with your money. I can't tell you how to spend it 'cause you can do what you wanna do with your shit 'cause it's your but be smart about it because if you don't motherfuckers will try to take it from you. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying to y'all all day man. Live on show. He knows what he's here you.


Hell no. Y'all watching this show. Y'all know we do some shit called the hell no shit. You know what I'm saying? And somebody and somebody hit me up these days bubble duh. When you travel these day do you be by yourself? Hell no. Even though I ain't got nothing on me but I my security go with me big boy with me everywhere I go and I got him on Creole team now. Goddamn man feeding big boy cre team around the ow walk around. You wanna, he'll show you something. I ain't gotta worry about my brother-in-law no motherfucker more. I bet you that now that's one more person I gotta deal with and that's my cousin. Oh yeah?


Who? Your big boy. I got something for you. Shit. You a her say you wanna do something to me that's the way you talk. But lemme see if you gonna think that way when that big six eight monster with me God damnit let me see you do something to me. No because I already done told him do what I paid you to do. Give damn about him being my cousin. You better put him on his motherfucking neck boo him on his neck in front of his mama. I wanna do it at the family reunion too. I'm coming to my family reunion. Make an example IY whole as meals. That's what I'm gonna do.


I'm finna get in shape too. I'm finna start working now too. I got a goddamn chicken chest right now but God give me ogles. I'm gonna be goddamn looking like Mike Tyson in the eighties not bullshitting with y'all. I fucker get spoil eating right, drinking right, living right. That's the thing. And I'm shining right, I'm shining. 'cause the good lord some of y'all shining too. Your people around you see it. They might not say it to you but you're shining. Keep doing what you're doing. A lot of people around you trying to figure out how you doing what you're doing. But don't you ain't your job to tell them keep doing what you're doing.


Don't let your left hand know what your right hand is doing. Always remember that man. But I'm ready for, I know this past weekend Ryan Garcia lost you see what happened when you ain't can't do damn thing. Now I need all my big bag as Mexicans friends to come on my show. Right. Well this excuse y'all got from Ryan Ro wasn't trying to hurt that shit went to left Hook about wow come here. Didn't know what happened. Talked all that shit about what you were going to do, Ryan to roll it and you didn't do it.


We saw you in the back of that SUV crying dog. We saw you and I and I see the competitive in you. I do but you ain't. You ain't, you ain't bad as you thought. You ain't bad as you thought. Now you just came off a controversial wing against Deon Haney that you cheated. Don't give a damn how much was in your system dog. You cheated At the end of the day you cheated Devin Haney. But you come out the other night and lost against Roy. And I'm not saying roll bad flagger. Yeah she got dropped a couple of times but it's redemption. So shy got to you Rolly. You did what you did.


You backed it up. People had you picked to lose and you won. Shy got to you now Devin you didn't look that motherfucking good to me. I dunno about y'all man. Devin didn't look that good to me y'all. I said all I'm saying you didn't look all that you won brother Bill I love you. You know I joke with you all day. It's never personal. It just, You know baby Bo, you look too the goddamn good now. I don't know who training y'all but y'all need to go train with the best. That's all I'm saying. Y'all need to get back to the roots. When you first started when you were looking like Monster and everything now, now it look like y'all working with triangles.


That's on Fentanyl. You ain't keeping your hands up your guard up here when you throw a left foot, you bringing your hand down. He ain't got to be him nigga when you throw a point gotta be like a block. Your hand all down here now you getting talent now how motherfucker who can't fight know this shit And y'all been in boxing y'all whole life. Y'all don't know this shit. He said I know I can't fight. My scared guard came though that damn right. I'm handing out as whoopings. I will hand out ass whoopings. I'm not handing ass whooping, I'm handing you over to the cops and I'm not one of them niggas.


Ah man. Everybody gonna know you talking to the cops or you. I man that shit don't bother me. I love that shit. I'm sitting right there to the cops. Get here. I'm going to explain everything that went on and I'm gonna put on a little bit more. Yeah you might be over here on your side. I'm over here and they might be over there talking to you right now and kind of figure this thing out. But at the end of the day after they figure it out you're going to jail. So we all made mistakes right, but on the up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back. The OG cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Get in the zone. AutoZone, welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, worried about your battery and the heat. We get it. You don't want to get stranded somewhere with a car that feels like an oven. We've got you covered at AutoZone. America's number one battery destination. Our free battery testing and charging service can help. And if you need a battery, we'll help you find a new one. No problem. Power through with free battery testing and charging at AutoZone. Get in the Zone. AutoZone restrictions apply.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Yeah I get, I get it, I get it. Josh say he got so much money now but Champ Floyd was making so much money during boxing. He stayed hungry. He stayed dedicated. He focused even though he had the holes and Champ do got the holes he have. I wish I could give y'all names but that ain't, that ain't how I am. I can't do all that. That ain't how I rock. You know certain shit you keep to yourself but Champ had holes. I'm talking about some of the holes that you probably jacking off to can have REAL TALK and he stay focused, dedicated. You know what I'm saying? That's the way you gotta be at your job or whatever you're doing to my, I tell my niggas out there that's hot shot right now man you just getting started right now.


It's a little rough for you. Keep pushing the money gonna come but see it got to be more than the money that you're doing it for. It gotta be the love of this shit. It gotta be something in you that's driving. You see I love comedy. I ain't just doing it for the money because I was doing this shit for free once point in time I was doing this shit for free. I remember when we wasn't getting paid for skits, I was just putting them out, putting them out, putting them out. That's you gotta love it. Whatever you doing you gotta put your all into it. I know some of you niggas get on her and you got a girl right now. She ain't the same size she was five years ago. She a big little bitch now still love her.


She used to eat one high dog, she eat three now. She face 'em out but she still eat three. Used to be one. I'm going to bed baby. I don't eat nothing now. Now that bitch getting right back up again. Getting seconds then leg on the night by 11 or 12 after y'all do y'all do she eating again before she lay out. But you got baby you gaining a little little too much weight now. You know we getting older now. It's hard as they get it off for you now you gotta encourage your woman man you still a beautiful big motherfucker now it just getting hog on me to up with you. Like wrestling with a goddamn bow. I'm not in shape so. So ease back out the hot dog roll tail dip a little bit.


Start cooking salmon and smoke name even butter. You could put your seasoning on it baby. But all the heavy food. Let's stop it. See I'm a old school tight nigga. I come up on old school people see I'm a real nigga. You know I like soul food kind like Barline when she come over, You know my baby got that sweep between her legs. I call it dressing. Yep. Barline got that sweet dressing and I tell her all the time, let me put some Turkey with that dress. Come here, lemme put my Turkey in your dressing Barbara.


She come over there, she take that goddamn, she take that she, I got the old school nigga they they she got the real lingerie real like that bullshit booty shorts or a t-shirt back Real lingerie. It take a minute to get it off of them. But when I get that goddamn lingerie off goddamn s me and say I ain't told y'all barber in six three. Hell got me a big climb and I be climbing that motherfucking mouth and you hear me. She take them goddamn teeth out come baby ain't got no teeth.


Hell no she don't heal. She don't heal. Put your phone out baby. It's off. But I got legal I gotta vibrate in case my grandbaby's call. Fuck yeah your grandbaby's 25. Fuck them. They grown. They gone. They Time to get their love making going on. Thank y'all for watching today's show. You know I'll be going live tomorrow around the same time too so we can get caught back up on schedule.


Make sure you hit the like button, make sure you hit the subscribe button. Keep the notification turning on. Tell a friend, tell a cousin, tell a homie about the bubble dub show. Tell 'em you enjoyed it. Tell 'em we laugh. Tell him we talk about God. We talk about everything on the show. We talk about what's going on in the world. I know y'all seen that black man Rodney Hint Jr. Rang over a police officer because the same police officer killed his son. Brother was justified or not. The father felt like he had something he had he needed to do. And I'm not telling everybody to go and do this 'cause right is right and wrong is wrong but they gonna stop motherfucking killing us. They ain't gonna stop motherfucking killing us because now they starting to see there's consequences with this shit.


You gonna kill my son nigga I'm coming to you too. That's a father. We don't know what that man going through in his mind, y'all as a father, we don't know but he felt something wasn't right for him to go and do what he did. Man ain't never been in trouble in his life. From what I hear, what I know so far. The information I can gather could be wrong but I don't think he have. And for him to go do a aggravated murder like that, he had to think something wasn't right with that police officer killing his child. So he said I know y'all not going to do nothing about this officer killing my child.


We seen a countless and countless of time or a police officer killing innocent black folks or innocent people in general and nothing's been done to 'em. He said nah I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna handle this on my own. And they had arrangement for him yesterday. I don't know if y'all saw it or not, but he was in the court with his lawyer and they, the judge allowed 40 cops in there. Never had that many cops in there. I guess they were showing love for the fallen soldier cop and I get that. But he walked in with his head held high, no fear. You can see it in his eye. I did what I had to do. I'm not scared of y'all man. Y'all gonna kill my baby boy. I gonna give a damn about living them.


I don't care but y'all, how gonna stop killing innocent people man y'all, y'all gonna stop that shit man. Same way. Y'all wanna go home to y'all families. These people wanna go home to their families too man. Sometimes I get it, you police officers, you in the line fire. You got to handle business. I'm I'm simply talking about the one where y'all didn't have to shoot 'em is what I'm talking about. 'cause some of them niggas they need to shot God damnit. But for the ones who didn't deserve to be shot and y'all killed them, y'all wrong man. Y'all are so wrong man. For the people, white people watching this show, thank y'all. I appreciate y'all. You know for the most part. Some of y'all are good. I'm being honest. Some of y'all are good, we don't have to worry about that.


But there's some of y'all motherfuckers know deep inside y'all ain't right and you try to hide it man. And you come on here and you say some more shit. Well he shouldn't have been running. You don't know what was going on. Man can run all day but if he ain't getting no threatened position or trying to harm the cops or nobody here, he shouldn't be shot in his fucking back like a dog. That's a godward. That's a godward move. And it's been happening over and over and over and over and we sick of it. We sick of it. And when it happens, all y'all do. Yeah y'all go using the race thing again.


That's the most insensitive thing you can say, man. The most insensitive thing you can say. 'cause if you lost a child the same way you red face motherfuckers will be up there on every, every count, every surf in the goddamn world. But when it's us, we need to quit crying. That's bullshit. And it takes us to, to to, to get this shit the right way. Start voting in the right council people, the right commissioners and the right governors. It's up to us. The boat is with us. Our neighborhoods and communities ain't gonna get right until they start with us and start letting them buy us out.


We give you 2 million if you get the black vote, fuck that. We want some righteous people in the building. We want some people. That's for the people in the building, whether they white, black, You know, man. But long as you're for the people, as long as you're for the people, man. Peace and bliss in the mouth. See, I lay on The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's zante purse spring and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any, any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Get in the zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, worried about your battery and the heat. We get it. You don't want to get stranded somewhere with a car that feels like an oven. We've got you covered at AutoZone. America's number one battery destination. Our free battery testing and charging service can help. And if you need a battery, we'll help you find a new one. No problem. Power through. With free battery testing and charging at AutoZone. Get in the Zone. AutoZone. Restrictions apply.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for Business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chases Company.