
You're listening to an iHeart podcast, Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you.


What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four days a Week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business.


Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chasten. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. The volume. What it do y'all? What it do? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub man. Make sure y'all hit the like button. Make sure y'all hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on too. Just got through watching a a a another hell of a game.


Just got through watching another hell of a game tonight and I'm about to break it all down right now. First of all, New York. I told y'all don't go down there eating that White Castle ass fool. I told you you were gonna get sick now guess what happened? You were sick tonight. You was shitting every damn well. You damn pace not bullshitting. I'm talking about this is a great story for the NBA right now. How the burden let get you 32, 12 and 15 tonight. That's grid, that's grits eggs, bacon with the Dwight toast. Come in bing a dick. Bing a dick. Yeah RA came game 20 off the bench.


You see them bench players normally play better at the crib where they was at the house and they got off New York nigga boxers, y'all turned the ball over 17 times the night your bench only gave you 21. That ain't going get it. You gave up 50 points in the paint. Now you see now you're down three one, now you're down three. One. Man Pascal se went off the, today he had 30 points. Miles Turner gave him 13. Neman Smith gave him 16. Just the all around effort from everybody on the Indiana pace. Man, I thought I, I'd be, I ain't think it was gonna be like this.


I thought this, I thought this shit gonna go seven games. But Bronson chipped in 30, a newbie gave him 22 court at the towns, gave him 24. But court at the time he one of the soft big mens I ever seen in my damn life. Just fucking sauce. It was a stretch three minutes into a stretch in the third quarter. This big motherfucker fo him fo on time, foul on time, foul on time. If I don't careful though, get your big fuck ass over him. Y'all got a chance to go to the finals and you out here bullshit. Josh Floyd ain't don't do nothing but fucking fire. That's all Joshua do is fucking fire and cry after every call.


It wasn't me motherfucker to count on you. We see what's going on Josh. What? You a good player. You, you, You know what you saying, you hustle but you're foing dog. Bronson needs some help. I I mean I know y'all got time. Bronson needs some help man. He you, he he hurt for one number one. I ain't going to lie, he hurt. He ain't the same. Yes, he had 30 points tonight but we talking about a player that normally in the fourth quarter he bling, he four quarter and he not doing shit. Matter of fact, this four quarter he was started off on the bench Maybe, maybe the look don't run out for New York Knicks and You know the Pacers just remind me of one of them teams.


They remind me of the Detroit Pistons that year. Was it oh four when they beat the, the Lakers in the finals? That's the kind of team the Pacers remind me of right now. They get a matchup problem for, for the New York Knicks. Holler Brandon, you Rich. That's why I told y'all a couple days ago, Holburn, you gonna know which one you going to get. You know, like tonight you got the 32, 12 and 15 some games you might just get the 15 and You know what I'm saying? And, and 18 assists and let 'em rebound. Like you never know when is Holburn gonna be wanting to score or not. But tonight he came out, he was aggressive hitting threes from, from, from from everywhere in Indiana. God damnit the Knicks couldn't stop him and I cried the Knicks on being a defensive team, but they gave up 130 tonight, a 30 motherfucking points tonight.


That ain't no defense says Right. Look, had 50 points in the paint, 29 assists 11 turnovers and hit 13 threes and scored 22 points off Fast break. That let me know right now New York Knicks was getting beat all motherfucking night after Lose by even though the Knicks won and rebounds but they was turning the ball over The Pacers wasn't, I mean even though let 'em turnover, let 'em turnover, but it is, it is not as, it is not as much as 17 and they just stayed, I think the biggest lead tonight for the patients. I think they got up to like 15. The niche kept cutting, cutting it and getting back get back. But I think it just took too much energy.


I gotta be trying to fight theyself back into his game And I ain't gonna lie, I ain't gotta be Anish on this show, man. The, the rest was calling everything for the Knicks tonight. I'm just saying from what I'm seeing, from what I seen the rest was calling every goddamn thing fucking Pacers and, and and rightfully so, the Pacers at home, they gonna get them calls but for a couple mins I was like god damn, I knew we went down there, got tackled no foul. NEMA Smith come down there and bump somebody and they and they called a fire for him. So I, I don't know if the offic is, is, is is foul. I know I kick your ass and and write because they could bug a team but Ref's been bullshitting tonight man. I I need, y'all could tell me what y'all see 'cause I, I ain't, I ain't been seeing some shit.


Y'all talk to me. New York Knicks need Draymond Green Holler brand play like their cousin pops in the building. Jeremy Lee and Ro over Ms. Grave. Hey man, at the end of the day this is just some good basketball that's being displayed by these two Eastern conference teams. They in the final right now if you just not tuning in, the paces are up three one on the New York Knicks. I feel like the New York Knicks like I told you, went down there ate that White Castle, You know what I'm saying? And I got them, they're surprised with the women down there Real Talk maybe them Knicks bumped into a couple and, and and got and got tired but but nevertheless though man the Pacers man it's a good story of Reggie Miller and them man I seen Stack five and them pull up to the game seeing Mike ILPs them pull, I seen 50 of them pulling up to the game man.


Oh man shit, I mean the city lit right now The fever even though Kaylin Clark is out, I don't know if y'all heard she, she out two weeks with her injury but can the New York Knicks go back home and win game five? It it like that's it's just one game at a time. Can the New York Knicks somehow go back home and win Game five in New York? It's going to be lit. You know every celebrity in New World that's from New York, from Queens Harlem, Brooklyn going to be in the building. So let's see if their home craft their home cooking, their home love can can push them to another victory.


But don't think for one second that these White Castle Pacers won't go in there and knock the Joe's piece off Broadway off these damn niches 'cause they will do it. They don't feel oh damn right. You seen Honda Pepper when he hit that sign on the neck? Yeah, come here. So let's see how this shit play out man. I don't know if y'all been keeping up with the news but them 10 escape people from New Orleans, You know they escaped from down at that jail man. You know done got caught now AGU done got caught ain but two lefts they say what's his name? Antoine Massey and Derrick Groove is still missing Ron Nigga Ron. Ron Nigga Ron.


Ron nigga Ron. Hey man run far as you can now I seen where a couple people was in was only in jail for a probation violation. Some little old minor shit took off running now you done got 10, 15 more years taxed on T Boy y'all some big dummies could have been me on that motherfucker escapee I would've went outside and and then ran back in and shut the gate. I told the police all them niggas playing where they were going, family members, all that. My time would've been reduced. I'm all about getting my time reduced. I don't even that 15, 20 year, 30 singing judge we getting this shit reduced.


Even when I got that light bill coming in four, $500. I called right down there. Hey I need to get this shit redo summer time. It's hot motherfuck them kids home. These kids home and eating up every goddamn thing. They think they wanna be inside the house now we went inside the house. This kids, it was the hundred 50 degrees outside, our black ass was outside with the waterhole. We wasn't up in here up on the AC eating pop sugar playing the game, TikTok, YouTube, we, we wasn't doing all that. Our black must asses was outside playing and I was playing Hang, go get it Pep. Y'all know I'm not lying. Back in the day we wasn't summertime nigga we got to go.


Ain't gonna be in there no hot shit. You better get your black ass outside. They high and don't you come in until I tell you to come in if you winging me before your mama daddy told you come in you would getting your ass beat. I know I was. My parents will put something on your ass. I had friends. Hey man let's go in the high man you don't wanna go on there dog man come on man. Man you gonna want man. You don't know my mama dog. My mama would throw a shoe or anything and hit you in your head. Well she going to give a damn and all that today with these kids. I'm gonna call CPS shit I wish I would tell my mama I call CPS call them and I'm gonna beat your ass again. When they get her in front of them now call them shit.


We used to get our ass whooped for even saying you call CPS that was a ass whooping. We get another ass whooping and we didn't be quiet after they gave us a ass whooping. My parent them back them days were crazy. How you hit me in the head with a goddamn stick and tell me don't cry bitch this hurt. Do you hear me? Bitch this hurt my soul. You go you we got hit like that through a Mac. Say when you get the PS knocked out your, I'm telling I bit now I know all about it. You can't hit these kids these days. They ain't going to jail. Can't scream 'em can't high level them, You know what I'm saying because some of 'em, You know they they're a little soft and me personally, I think all of our kids retarded a little bit.


I'm just, I think all our kids retarded just a little bit and I blame it on them goddamn damn snacks and earth fryers. That's what I blame it on Snacks and air fryers. That's why these little motherfuckers look little be retorted every time my finger hurt. Mommy you want a snack? Mommy my hair hurt. You want a snack now y'all cooking chicken and goddamn air fryers. Stop it. Why do God baby retarded just a little bit. Your kids. My kids, everybody kids. We ain't leaving nobody out. Retarded just a little bit. I'm just telling you the truth though. It will go on these goddamn day and breaking news. COVID shots are no longer recommended for healthy kids or pregnant women.


Did You know what the fuck I just said? COVID shots are no longer recommended for healthy kids and pregnant women. Well what about the healthy adults? What about them women That's just healthy. They and that mean we all can catch it. Something ain't making sense to me. I told you Miracle shot this fool man they think we done so a pregnant woman and a healthy and healthy kids do not have to get COVID shot but you want us crazy motherfuckers to go down there and get that shot in seven months from now. I can't feel my no lips or none of that shit. No. Told y'all I never get that goddamn COVID vaccine shot.


I joined the Army before I get that COVID vaccine shot. Mr. Morgan come in get your shot. No getting no goddamn COVID shot for what? You know I've been out here baling these ho for years. I ain't never caught nothing worried about no goddamn COVID. Well damn what the symptoms are I ain't, I ain't gonna catch it. One thing about me, I don't claim negativity, I don't claim evilness. I don't do it. So some people like to call you. Hey man you heard about such and such. I don't get well damn about such and such. I'm trying to figure out what I'm going to eat today.


I'm trying to figure out how I'm gonna pay my goddamn car. No I'm gonna pay my goddamn order. That's what I'm trying to worry about. I'm not worrying about who done got their as tore up off the bone. I don't give a damn mama calling me. Hey baby I can't feel my knees. Take your goddamn medicine mama. You maybe you feel your knees. People call you just with dumb shit. What's up, how you doing? I'm good. You know I get paid tomorrow right? Yeah. Okay cool. Can I borrow $30? No bitch take a nap right now. I used to do it. I was so broke. I used to go to bed early. Real Talk. I was so broke. I used to go to bed early trying to sleep that shit off. Y'all got it Bad college trying to borrow money when you get paid the next day bitch go to bed then I got time fucking with y'all man.


Y'all folk like to come through. Get shit. Don't bring it back. Let people use my lawn mower. They don't bring it back. We either gone all the shit I had fucking gone family members got it but let me call down there and ask for whole ass nigga you got all that shit down there. Let me get you this shit one time. Kfo look out for kinfolk. Nobody ever look out for me man. God damn man I see you. That's all I hear each and every day people calling me with the old fucked up ass story. I used to be fucked up too, don't get me wrong but not like calling everybody never. I suffered alone that motherfuckers don't wanna suffer alone. You want the world to know you're suffering.


Well God damnit you are on your own now I'm going camping. No cell phone. No, no, no communication with me. I'm going camping with these goddamn white boy. They said they gonna give me 500,000 to go out there in the goddamn woods with them and and and I'm gone. He scared. You know why? 'cause I hold the goddamn secrets to these goddamn white boys and they goddamn es they be going got going on do got all the info. How a nice place I'm gonna get that 500,000. Y'all got me bullshit. I got burn mac, I got a knife, they gonna give me a gun And I'm telling them right now the first motherfucker jump out there in front of me bow.


I ain't time trying to look through no scope, trying to figure out if it's an animal or a human. You run your ass out there in front of me. I'm gunning your ass down. Boy. I thought it was about, I know I'm a black man full of 50 white men around this motherfucker. I said I'm I'm fear for my life. Life. So we all made mistakes right, but on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans greases whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen.


They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one mix anti persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Hello it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino.


Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small wave Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy One. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business.


From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about V chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next.


In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there are so many stories out there and if you can find a way way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets.


Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Doug going get that 500,000 shit y'all who wanna go, who wanna go with me out there in the woods? I think we going the out Montana, we gonna be out there three days and three goddamn nights. Watch me survive, watch me your fire I motherfucker I come from the woods. The hell y'all talking about. I'm come from the Hill. Have I? Have you seen My family knows the motherfucker look like them.


People from have I? I'm not bullshitting. You know I, I know we ain't real human. I know we got Bulldog in us some god damn Well my family, we got Bulldog and I know we do Shit No goddamn way. Tell y'all some real shit that's going on around here too. Breaking news. Y'all remember Ty and Julie Chrisley a married couple that had got locked up for for the from for federal prison fraud. That's what they had going on. God dammit. Fraud, bank fraud. Big money fraud. Well guess who pardoning they ass today? Trump.


Trump said them people had a horse singing and you bringing them home and some of y'all mad. I'm not mad. It ain't but One felon helping another felon ain. What's wrong with that? See y'all shoulda known Trump gonna let them people out man. Fraud. Bang. Oh you could have been black, he would let you out. Bang fraud. And that mean you trying to get some money. That mean you could probably help his his fe ass in in somewhere down the line. He gets you out. The husband had 12 years, the wife had seven years. Well they coming home man. I don't know what motherfucking friend they got that was able to get Trump on the phone. They say they got Trump on his motherfucking cell phone. Look here dog. My people in jail.


They ain't did nothing. What? What they do? Brain fraud. Oh that's nothing. I know but they gave him 12 years, gave him seven years and whatever gave told Trump, Trump getting them motherfucking folks released. They meeting. I'm talking about immediately. I shit I need some goddamn friends like that. I tell y'all right now, I need some friends like that too. Real Talk. And I'm hearing and I'm hearing Ja Morant and Zion Williamson Mike team up in 2027. Let me tell y'all something right now, if Zion Williamson and Ja Wick team up on any basketball team for about 30 games, them motherfuckers gonna be undefeated because the rest of them, they ass going be injured.


They gonna be fucking injured. It's gonna be done residue everywhere and nothing but strips. Commit and place a boo. Zy Young don't go nowhere out that goddamn boo Big boy be getting out. He got the boo with the crackles. The real New Orleans, Louisiana. We boo boy the NBA ain't ready, the world ain't ready for that right now. I'm letting You know right now. They gonna be getting out 30 games. Them boy gonna be about 27 3 right after that. The motherfucker gonna be, I'm telling y'all think I'll be Bon Bullshitting NFL News tonight.


The Fs get started. OTAs and Kurt Cousins is not there. Y'all shouldn't have gave hundred million. You know god damn way. But you did. That's your problem. Even though Michael Pink will be the starer this year for the line of faculty. Line of faculty. It's time to is trying to figure out what to do with Kurt Cousins. But you owe so much money man. Y'all Think don't gave that motherfucker a hundred million dollars. You like that huh? You like that? Y'all could have gave that, y'all could have gave that half of that. The Cam Newton. Y'all could have gave Cam that and and and been all right.


Cam still can play shit. Y'all don't know what's going on in the NFL. No more's too much politics going on in the NFL for me man. Bringing, paying bullshit ass players when you can get a good solid player. All Cam ain't the same Superman football player no more. Nah, we we know that. We, we, we, we know he ain't that. But you could have saved some money to Atlanta and, and potentially guys, You know I y'all, I ain't try, I ain't trying to get Jalen Ramsey up on the defense. Five. Come on now. Come on dirty, dirty. Let's, let's, let's, let's get to it. That's what y'all should be doing right now. I know.


I look, we ain't saying by Cam being washed, we saying what they could have did for one year. He could have brought him in for one year instead of paying Kirk Cousins all that damn money. They paid Kirk cousin all that money as if he Finn take the goddamn falcon to the Super Bowl. Bu that's what I'm saying. Could have saved money, could have had extra money in, in, in, in the salary cap to bring in somebody else. Now that's, that's what I'm saying. They could have saved some of that money and went out to t Higgins for the Cincinnati bingo before they resigned it. That's what I'm talking about right there. Far as that. But hey what, what do we know? They know everything but obvious they don't because they ain't been winning shit.


Simple as that. Talk to me Cam playing for Dick oh six. Oh shit. No Dub banging into politics. Dub gets telling y'all what the fuck is going on in the world. It's my job if I get some information, it's my job to share with my people. I'm gonna share my information with the people. Now what you motherfuckers do with, it's up to you. That's all what you do with. It's up to you. But you gotta pay attention to what's going on around here these goddamn day. Man, my grandmamma tell y'all something about my grandma man. I love my grandmama death man. But my grandma a nasty motherfucker man. I didn't know they, I didn't even know they made th diapers.


I swear to god my grandma had on a th diaper and she was waiting on Mr. Charlie to pull up. I said Grandma like what the fuck is is you all right? You got dementia? What's going on? She said baby, when you get older You know the walker don't run like it used to no more. So that's why I keep Grease in my purse. You know a great-great-great grandma and you out here talking about having sex Grandma you ought be ashamed of your damn self but every Sunday you first mother real god see you. My grandma 85 man I hear a twerking at family reunions going on and shit thinking she's still young.


My kicked your down somewhere. I love God. Why mama them hold ho damn Like grandma wants a ho I mama every ho I'm just cheaper one. Huh? I'm just being real ho my blood women that's watching. I can't be faithful because missing me. That's all I'm saying But YY look at it Duh crazy. I'm just saying man, grandma was who steal horn my aint my mama they horn man.


That's all they know. That's who they learn from. These big head waterhead motherfucker right here. My grandma, she a Ring league of Holness but I still love her and don't y'all grudge my jam? Don't y'all judge my Greenage Ether. If y'all watching this show then You know it being presented by prize piece man. Yep. Right down below. Scan that code, type in trash with the two H's. Man. Real Talk. Go on, download this number one sports fantasy app in the business right now. I keep telling y'all man y'all keep playing with me. I be trying to put y'all onto the money man. Everybody else be putting y'all on straight bullshit. Y'all be sitting there listening and everything and going crazy and to come in.


What? And they ain't taught y'all shit. I teach y'all something every night and just the fucking credit I get Es and shit. And if you can't watch this show and you can only listen to this show then you need to go with Apple Podcasts and go with Spotify. Type in The Bubba Dub Show. Boom there I am. Yes sir. Now we finna go to the major league baseball with 15 games a day. Minnesota twins beat the Rays four two, the Phillies beat the Braves two zero all Atlanta. All Atlanta battles went ghosts today. They couldn't hear the mean young finna leave.


Y'all gotta do better down there. Atlanta, Detroit Tigers beat the Giants three to one. Winsor Perez showed out. He the Homer and at the he the homemaker firstly bat today Riley Green had three hits, two rbis. He was eating all night. The Cardinals beat the Orioles. Nolan Nando hit the Homer in the eight round to win that game also My boy show Tony went off again. Show your attorney for the Dodgers. I keep telling y'all about this Japanese. This a bad motherfucking new eating mother and him last three games, three home runs for the year. You got 20. I'm telling you right now, he gonna be the motherfucker mvp. I'm telling you. Them magic, them magic bad Blood Johnson the Dodgers, You know they won.


They won it last year. You do know that right? Y'all do know the Dodgers won it last year. But y'all do know right now show your Tony is the best player in baseball right now. Right. 20 home runs, not bullshitting. Last three game three. That's where you wanna make your money at. You want make some money on prize. Go right there to MLB. Hit me up. I give y'all some of my picks, we can share our picks together. God damnit we can come up together so don't think y'all basketball season finna be over. Ain't no more sports. See I'm covering baseball and the Chicago cub beat the Colorado Rockies today. We gotta tell y'all four three the Colorado Rock trash. I'm on they ass every show I'm on the Rocky's ass.


Every show they gonna do bail them good people spending, they good Christian money with them up there and demo Rago and they bullshitting. I don't like it. We gonna stop that shit. We gonna do, we gonna do nothing now we gonna stop all these losing ass teens. So I'm talking to you right now. Vegas, Reagan, your ass better not be losing next year Carolina Grasshoppers come here. Better not be losing this year. Jacksonville Jag Ward better not be losing this ship or your ass getting reduced Didn't reduce. I hate don't YI hate them When you go your, when you, I'm not used to go in clock in nine to five and you might bring you little lunch to work and this hour that one motherfucker ain't never got nothing to eat but they hanging around you.


Let's go sit down somewhere. Go get in your car somewhere, get the fuck away. Me, I'm not shit. You know what I had to do to get this, I had to eat a motherfucker to 75 pounds. My face still smelled like can this damn new home grab coworker eat for you. Leave motherfucker. I don't give a damn what you gotta steal? Only you gonna steal for me. Don't come up man. If I'm hungry I'm trying to eat. Don't be hanging around me asking me what what's all in it. What, what, what? I don't know and don't give a damn can't stand the home rats coworker man.


I don't a motherfucker be and shit That look good. Uhuh did they use this bitch? What does it matter? You ain't Finn try and you ain't getting no cigarettes either. Never. And I used to smoke cigarettes back in the day. Shit I I don't smoking no motherfucking cools. I wasn't sharing no motherfucking cigarette. Nigga I can afford my habit. I'm not Finn afford your habit for you. You got people like that now when you get ready to roll up and smoke they motherfucker wanna pull up. They wanna pull up and smoke for free now you want some boy you won't get it from her because I'm a smoker.


Lemme give it 3.5. I don't sell a dope sell. I smoke. Smoke like a magic, like a goddamn magic show. Somebody say my grandma was playing two live Kruger Ho show you Damn right she would man but man I got a beautiful family man. My grandma and them my, they real hustlers man. My grandma sold pussy, sold dope, sold pit bull puppies. I mean she dig it out for us. Whatever we needed. She used to have sex with the pastor for me to have shoes. I told you I get story Real Talk like my grandma really put it on the motherfucking line man. And I can't do no a plugger 'cause some of you women these days y'all keep talking about I could never, I could never.


And that's why your ass gonna never get you a man and get the things that you want because you could never funky head holds don't hold, don't want shit dog. I'm telling you if you got a good one keep because what you thinking is real Ain't motherfucking real. I here dog. These hos ain't, they ain't about that live man. These hos struggling dog ain't make it look good on the motherfucking ground like they taking trips here and there man none. That shit was seven years ago. They just piecing them stories together and shit. That piece back that the bitch had her now she ain't got her right here no more. Y'all got to pay attention to what? To these photos. Two weeks ago that shit was bald.


Now it full come on now I've been to Barba. Bitch your husband, you married to the military or station out there Bitch that's the only reason you was in the Barba. You ain't just flew over there and took no trip. That's where you was station at. Ho. I know what's going on. I was in Germany bitch that's where you was stationed at. See I'm logging the motherfucker army people, the motherfucking, the military people, they like to get married so they can get a little little extra money. I knew we, I damn right because you telling us secrets ain't no goddamn secrets. You know people know what's going on. If you, if you're married you get more money. If you're single you get less. That just the way it go. I don't ask me how I know but I know And y'all stop.


Y'all stop hating on my face with her. Man my shit finally starting the motherfucking girl. I might not got no face with her but I got her on my motherfucking head nigga. Some of you niggas 30, 30 years old Baldheaded bald headed as y'all niggas need treatment. He said I got at least I got her on top of my goddamn head. Damn I ain't cutting my shit man. I'm gonna let that shit grow until they finally grow and when they grow in you ain't gonna be able to tell me shit either. Bam. Yes. Gone get y'all laugh on now. I don't give a damn. I'm not cutting shit because y'all don't like it. I'm not growing my face in her for you niggas throwing it for me.


I go and be single. Hey for real though man, man, man, You know what I mean? My mama told me to cut my shit. I said okay man I'm I'm gonna stop paying your bills. Don't and grow that shit baby. You know what I'm saying? You looking real handsome. You grow that shit and then the goddamn I'm growing this shit. But talk to me overall though man, like, like what's going on in the world that y'all been seeing that y'all feel like ain't nobody been talking about like, like what's really going on out there man. Like let's let, let's, let's, let's talk man, let's, let's have church let's, You know a lot of people ask me today about that video deal I put out about us killing one another. What's the solution? Shit. The solution is shit. Stop harming one another but will it ever stop? Probably not man. This shit been going on forever man.


And it ain't gonna never stop 'cause it gets endless. I mean I guess it gets the way the world is. It gets the way it is man. We, there's gonna be some people that kill people. I mean it's just what it is. But what y'all think overall could be a good effective way to slow down the killings, these senseless killings at that. What, what could be a good solution to that? Y'all don't know. Shit. I like I say I think, I just think when we got money, when people getting money they ain't, they ain't really thinking about killing nobody or robbing somebody and stealing people getting money man, I just wish there was a way, You know we just gotta be smarter man.


I mean sometimes people get on drugs and they blame the drugs for it but people be knowing what the f going on in the world man. They be trying to play crazy but they be knowing what the hell going on. Man, I was on this manger reason why I did like my uncle, my uncle on crack real bad man. I was on crack. Reason why I stole grandma on tv. Man, stop it nigga. Stop it bro. You coulda, you coulda went I got a job or some shit for a day or two and, and and and you gonna have to steal grandma on TV dog. But you did you smoke, You know what I'm saying? You, you smoked it and and then when you, when they get caught they always wanna cry. Don't nobody love you. Nope I don't. So I stopped telling the motherfuckers I love them motherfucker. If you just want somebody, you just want somebody you cry on and try to feel sorry for you.


I'm not feeling sorry for no motherfucking mo I'm be honest with you. I really want him to go to jail. Everybody talking about rehab. I been doing rehab 40 motherfucking years. He still smoking, rehab ain't working. Send that motherfucker to jail. He ain't doing nothing out here. No way. Shit. Let him let him go and nothing and, and, and You know what I'm saying? Let him learn. He learning. Huh? He ain't learning shit out him. Y'all keep letting him smoke and steal from everybody in the family and y'all gonna never do nothing to him. You gonna never go to jail. Y'all don't never gonna press charges. Y'all could keep letting him do it, do it and do it. But guess what? This time that motherfucker going to jail. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them.


It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree.


Cool rush for yourself. A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways, Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like business week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick.


Hey, I wanna learn about VI chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or Whatever it is that that they're doing. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core.


It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Arapaho away you gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council. I am telling you now, bringing back love songs. I mean we different now man.


We in a different era. We don't think the same no more. Man we it's, I mean it ain't, ain't nothing new happening on the sun. Shit. It ain't even this generation shit. I think, I just think, I just think I just be honest. I'm not, I know some of y'all are some good parents and I'm not talking about y'all, I'm not talking about the people who take care of their kids and do. Right. But I think this is a Cyrus generation of parents I ever seen in my motherfucking life. Like some of these women, young women, that's 38, 39. They got a son. 18 and 19. He out there being hardcore. I be seeing some of these women like this shit like you seen my son Junior, he got all the tattoos but they gonna tell you if motherfucker being in in in juvenile and jail all this, they gonna tell you all that.


They just say he junior, he got tattoo. He cutting her now. Now you, when you, when a woman tell you her son cutting her, that motherfucker done been to jail before. I'm telling you right now, you gotta pay attention. You, you, you got, you gotta you gotta see it. I can't see it. When she was telling me junior, You know what I'm saying, got tattoos and shit. I, I thought he was just a normal look old kid, You know what I'm saying? He, he ain't shit was a straight up god damn killer. I'm not bullshitting you. He was a G shit. And I got, and I, God damnit, I got away from him too. I I left that woman behind her son. He was too, he was too violent for me. That motherfucker slapped me so motherfucking hard.


Y'all, I went, I started going to church. You know I'm one of them. I only go to church on to eastern Christmas time. That little every motherfucker slapped me so hard. Y'all, I started going to church man, I, I cried. I, when he slapped me, I ran off. I cried like a motherfucker and there ain't nothing I could do. I couldn't call the police. I I couldn't call my brother 'cause he, he, he, he, You know he, he he'll do something. He keep them switches. I ain't talking about the one from them tree. He keep them switches. So hey man, I just waited till one day he went to school. He, You know he went to school one day and I, I packed my shit up. I got the fuck up outta there man.


That little boy hit hard a motherfucker too so Yeah. Yeah it's one of them times I had to leave man. But I just think this is just the serious generation of parents we ever seen. Like I told you earlier in the show, these young, all they ever do now give their kids snacks for what? Snacking you snacking these goddamn kids to death. You I ain't reading them no goddamn books. You letting YouTube and everybody else raised them kids gotta get there and talk to them goddamn kids man. They need to feel love man. They growing up and and thinking they gotta be this and that at a certain age man, no let kids be kids man. Let teenagers be teenager and their grownups be grownups man. But now these they, these teenagers wanna be grown and they own parents are allowing it.


They want to be their children friends. Fuck friends. Not my kids friends. I'm your fucking daddy. I'm your father. I'm your, I'm the provider. When you in trouble and you can't hand me, you come to me. That's where I am. I'm here to make your lives supposed to make their lives better than what I made my life. Make it easier. Make it comfortable for them. Make 'em feel safe. Let man my dog know to show 'em real love. I got two girls, I got to show 'em what a man's supposed to do for a woman opening cargo and shit like that. And they get ready to go in the restaurant sitting pull the sea out for 'em. Real men provide for real women, real men don't provide for hoes.


I think that's been the problem in the world today. Real men supposed to provide for real women. Real men ain't supposed to provide for no hoes. You got a real woman on your side these days. But sometimes the man be a whole ass nickle. Y'all know I ain't lying to y'all man. I'm keeping the one. It's some real women, not him man. That love man gonna stick by they man. They not gonna cheat. They going, they gonna, they gonna be right there with they man. But you got some of these motherfucking hoes When you niggas when you go out and do your thing, she out doing it too. You Think you sneaky but you ain't nobody more sneaky than a goddamn woman.


What a cat do when he shit he cover it up. You can't fuck with no woman when they kind of be sneaky. Yeah your motherfucking stomach hurting having people down there pumping pills out your goddamn stomach. 'cause a woman, a woman will put you through some goddamn pain that you can't bear. I know the good Lord say he won't put no more in you than you can bear. But when my girl cheated on me, God damnit I couldn't bear. I was reaching for a pistol nigga I was, I was thinking about ow brains would've been everywhere but I knew my faith in God was stronger than the devil had on me that day. 'cause ain't no better, worse feeling in the world. I know your girl than there taking dick And she was nut every stroke he hit my bitch.


She mom I was in my, I was saying myself, you goddamn another go aint your ass every which way but loose. Y'all don't y'all fucking laugh at me either. Don't y'all fucking laugh because you don't want that karma. You don't want that to come in on you. That shit hurt dog. Real men to getting to come and let me know if you ever been cheated on, You know that ain't no good goddamn feeling. I don't give a damn how player you Think you is. If that woman cheat on you nickel you going to be sick. I was looking for the pills. I was looking for the pills. I was looking at everything to sue my motherfucking pain.


But I come up out that goddamn storm the same woman that dogged me out. The same woman that didn't want me. Yeah she won. Suck this old pig again. And I call friends Once. You can depend on friends watch. You call friends these motherfucking days. So you calling a friend real ain't your motherfucking friend man. These folks be envying you man. You don't even know what they be in competition with you. You don't even know you get living your life doing what you doing but they measuring everything up against you.


My G that's what they be doing. They don't tell you that but they, they peeing gang. They watching nigga I got this if I just had this. Yeah I stay away from them. Most sucker busted ass people. You don't need them to ride. You know motherfucking way. Competition ass niggas trying to compete with your homeboy. Trying to compete with your homegirl. That ain't what we doing. We need to come together. I'm gonna keep preaching this on this show. We need to come to y'all come together on y'all side. Y'all come together on y'all side. Y'all come together on side. We come together together on our side and we all coming together. So once one of us leave I and walk around, we still got somewhere to go instead of walking out to the world in the darkness to the eveningness by yourself.


Need somebody with you man I don't give a damn with nobody. Say you never get no word by yourself man. You always going to have some help come from somewhere. I wouldn't be where I'm at wouldn't be for help man. But I put in the goddamn work each and every day I'm on grind to get a little bit of hell. A little bit for look and y'all got to do the same. I know some of you right here doing y'all motherfucking thing. Real Talk and ain't nobody even told you they pride of you. I don't even know you. But if you're doing the right things and you're prospering, I'm proud of you. From the bottom of my mouth heart. I really am. That's me Eric. Some other people my different, they ain't proud that you doing good. They wanna see you mess up.


They wanna see you in jail. They wanna see you in tears. They wanna see you flag on your ass. Some might want to see you in your casket. That man up there, he see it all don't it? Oh yeah he see it all. When your back been hurting, you been going back and forth to the doctor and they still ain't found out the problem but all of a sudden that man since something down and now your back feel better than never. The doctors don't know how how it happened but You know how it happened. Your faith, your love, your everything is in that man up above man. You can't lose with him baby. I'm telling you. I know I hey when I got that man with me, when I step into these meetings I know I got the good Lord with me. Lord help guide me into the right room's, not the wrong room.


Don't let this devil show me all this money that they can give me but I might have to sell my soul or do some things I don't normally do. Oh Lord don't put me in no more. Put me in them right room rather damn if it take me 50 years to do it but they be the right thing to do. Sometimes we like to cheat the process same way back and I'm gonna use this reference same way like cooking dope. You know what I'm saying? Back in the days they used to put that cocaine stuff on the stove where they real good, real harsh can you Then they came up with the invention of the microwave. Now I gotta put it in that microwave and do it.


Not everybody rain, just put your own game man. That's all you gotta go work for this shit baby. Ain't nobody gonna give it to you man. Believe that some people have it easy than others. That's true. And I'm still not knocking the people who had it easy than me. I'm not knocking more power to 'em. But I'm gonna get to that goddamn door one one way I'm gonna get to it one day matter. If it take me 5, 10, 15, 20 years, I'm gonna get to that door that I want to get in. That's the way I look at it. So it might take people one year to get in that door and they gone and throw up and do great things. I'm happy for 'em but it might take me longer. That's okay. As long as I get there. You know what I'm saying? As long as I get there. I might not ate no cheeseburger and fries like you ate today.


But long as I eat something I said long as I eat something, little talk. That's what we on man. You know you got the Minnesota Tim Wolfs and the OKC Thunder playing tomorrow night KC up right now. What they three one. Will they close it? Will they close it? I think OKC go back home tomorrow night. Like I say, the fans gonna be in the building, the oil field. People gonna be in the motherfuckering building tomorrow night and I see the OKC Thunder advancer to the, to the, to the finals. That's just what I see right now.


I think SGA gonna have another good game. I think Jayden, we gonna have another good game. I think shit gonna have another good thing. I think we see a bigger game from Lou Dot from a, I think Lou Dot gonna have 14 points tomorrow. That's what I see. I see Ant Man coming out forcing it. I do. I see him coming out forcing it, trying to be super aggressive tomorrow and it just not going to be enough on great season to the wolves. You was out. You know, you, you start out with a live Bart, but your bike wasn't shit in this series. Round up my Lakers, who ain't really handling them bounces, but yeah, I see OKC going to the, the finals this year facing the, the white caps Pacers.


That's how I see the finals. Thunder Pacers. I don't know how the ratings going to be, but it should be good because it's gonna be a first time champion on the team beside Caruso. I think he only got a ring over girl on Oklahoma. But I'm talking about like I the stars, I the star. I just, what I see how y'all feel. How y'all got tomorrow? Night game. Tomorrow night. Game ending talk soon. Appreciate that. Bj, Frederick Thomas, it's over with, but up there. Okay, C that series is what you talking, Mike is over with. Minnesota done had that Esco.


Boy do straight drop. Mike p Real Talk. That's what my pops used to always say. What else y'all talking about? Oh yeah, Tampa. Yeah. You know I'm gonna be in Tampa on June 20th at the Funny Bone. Grab 'em tickets, two shows, one at seven, one at nine, let's sell 'em out. Like I feel like I got the fan base. Y'all, y'all been hitting me up Tampa. I, I'm there June 20th, Tampa, Florida. Tell a friend, tell a friend, tell a friend to everybody You know. And if, and, and if I as Tampa now I need my people. Let me know what city y'all want me to come to. 'cause I gonna be knowing where all y'all from. But drop 'em in the cumin right now. Drop 'em in the Cummins. What city y'all want me to come to?


What venue y'all y what venue y'all have? 'cause You know, I'm, I'm only doing the improvs in the fun bones. This torch called, I got motion tour. We just come off the week of Warrens tour with Mike Snam. I'm, I'm, I'm progressing in life. I'm progressing in life, but I'm also losing people along the way. And it hurts sometimes 'cause you love those people because you gotta keep it moving, moving. You gotta stay focused. I'm not letting nothing stop me, man. I gotta get it. I come this far, I ain't come this far to turn the car around. And, and that's the way you gotta approach things in life Sometimes you gotta better separate business from, from personal and sometimes, You know, they ain't gonna understand.


You know, you can't miss business with a person. Sometimes people ain't gonna understand the business and they're gonna say some mean awful things about you and you gonna be willing to retaliate. You gonna be willing to say shit. Right. But sometimes you guys gotta just let 'em talk. You know, most of the time the people that talk the most got the least if they make sense to you. So you let those people talk and you just keep walking and doing what you supposed to do. I'm living in my purpose right now, man. I'm in a groove. I'm in a zone right now. I'm dedicated to this show. I'm dedicated to being on time for this show. I'm, I'm, I'm just, 'cause I feel like I can get my message out more through this podcast thing, man. And I'm just trying to spread love, spread the, spread the right things.


I don't wanna be known for the bad things. I wanna be known for the good things. I wanna be known for the love that I'm showing. I'm planting seeds and hopefully they grow with y'all as well. But June 19th you can catch me at Fort Worth, Texas at the Dickies Arena. I'll be there June 6th. I'm in Pembroke, Florida. Go to bubba dubt.com. You can see where all my shows are at on now. Bubba dub t.com. You can see where all my shows at. If you just only follow me on YouTube when you wanna catch me somewhere, you can catch me on ig at bubub 94 or Facebook Bubba Dub jr. Check, check me out on there. But yeah, make sure you share this show.


Alright? Jump in the comments for sure. Send me messages and shit. Like really let me know what's going on. Bubba Live The show. He knows what he saw and It's probably the show when we do somebody see me question on, on hell no. And somebody could ask me bubble dub, had you ever snorted cocaine? Hell no. Never in my life ever snort cocaine. Never wanted to. Never had the the want to ever do it. Never. I seen what they do to my brother. Real Talk. Yeah, do keep it 100 on the show. I don't, I don't.


Sugar cogo mother fucking thing man. I seen what it did to my brother. Got a brother on drugs right now man. Strung out, loving to death. Keep going back and forth to rehab. And that's my brother. I love him to death. But I seen what he did to my brother. I seen what he did to family member. I seen what they do with friends. I seen what they did when they snorted it. I sold it. And I'm proud that I used to sell drugs. Nah, I'm not proud of this shit man. But that's where I came from. That's, that's just some stupid shit that I did back in the day. So I'm telling all the kids now that Mike gets to watch this show, man, don't sell drugs. Don't do drugs man. Stay away from drugs man.


That shit fry your brain up. Real Talk. We gotta teach. We gotta teach and we gotta practice what we preach. So that just what I'm all man. So answer that question is hell no. I seen the effect that it do do to people. 'cause they start snorting and all of a sudden now they, they they they putting it in their weed and all of a sudden they take it from putting it in their weed. I think they call that promo. I mean not promo but primo And then I'm after gas, they smoking rocks. Real Talk. That's why I don't smoke everybody blunts. I smoke my own. I roll mine. You roll yours. We good because I don't know what your, I'll be putting everything in y'all motherfucking blunts from wax to roast, spray, all kind of shit just to get high.


You ain't gotta do all that with that. This ain't trash. You ain't got to do all that with that. This ain't trash. La la land you with bubbles and Michael Jackson should never land Real Talk a somebody keeps saying a was a motherfucker, You know, got some old schools on him. They gonna let You know when they coming. My old schools, I got the realest old school fans in the world. They gonna keep it 100 with you. Man, if they saying the dope, the cocaine and the IES were good, God damnit. It was good. I'm telling you, somebody say just flour real tall.


That's all I stick to with just flour mean I don't knock anybody for what they do because at the end of the day, I don't have a heaven nor hell to put y'all in. I can't judge y'all. I, that's something I don't do. That's why people been hitting me up. Man, walk back. Travis hung love Travis hung the death. But he gonna learn the motherfucking hard way. I hope he don't. I hope they together forever when You know, oh wait, and if he do, we still gotta be there form. We still gotta be there form, man. Real Talk. That's my time. Peace and love. I'm out The volume.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's xper sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four Days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up.


So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chasten. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content.


The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts. Sometimes as dads, I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers, but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away. You gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov.


Brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council. You're Listening to an iHeart podcast.