
Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Mc d app for details.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now.


Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FAC ET t.com. This ad Is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal or tax advice.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty Stressful. Now imagine Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com


The Volume. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. Today is Friday. I know some of y'all mofos than wanna go work but you had to 'cause you ain't got no more PTO. You gonna use that all up This summer and you ain't go no mother where Nevertheless though. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. Yep. Y'all been doing, y'all been doing good lately. Look, we can do better though. Let's keep it going. You know I already got how I'm gonna start the show off today with team USA TRASHH out here down 13. Down 13 a half to Serbia That don't even make no sense.


You got LeBron KD steal MB nappy neck heaven ass and you mean telling me you dying to serve your 13 point bullshit Steve Cur you ain't coaching now another damn team. If you ask me got Jason tag over riding on the bench, put him in the damn game. If you see the starters were bullshitting, bring in some fresh legs. You tell LeBron got Jet legs got more miles than an airplane on his body. Curry too dur too. Bring in them youngsters. Bring in Jason. Tag them. Bring in holler Burton. Let him play. God. I dunno. Even though we won, I get it.


We came back but there shouldn't be no damn coming back when you should be already in the damn league now. Who over on on Serbia right now. Name a play on Serbia right now. That's better than anything we got including the players on our bench and I wait my point exactly, nobody, every time I look around team USA is down. That is pure bullshit. The dream team would never be down to be damn these type of players y'all playing right now. But y'all wanna be in the hotel room playing car and gambling doing all this other bullshit when you need to be out there. Practice. Yeah. Team USA needs some good old ass practices going against one another every damn practice going there ain't no way y'all should be down like this got me scared and shit, thinking y'all ain't gonna win gold then all of a sudden Curry got to go off and B got to go off.


He about to blow a damn knee. You know him B got bad knee about to blow a damn knee to go out there and win the game. Y'all should be winning by 20 and 30 points every damn game. If you ask me could you Jason take them last night man I get it. Some games you ain't gonna need them but last the the game before, after that game y'all just won y'all nigga Jason take them man y'all needed that. Y'all needed him on the floor because one thing about tag him, he great on one-On-one. I know he like to stall the ball out, you know and all this and that but Curl come on man you gotta put the guy in the game man. You gonna kill his confidence right now. He don't even wanna be there no damn mother. You as me him on holler.


They gets over there taking pictures every time. Look around, they just taking pictures sad ass pictures is that I don't wanna see no sag ass person around me every damn day time I look around they looking sad. It was me. I send your ass home but since you can't send them home, put they ass in the game, let them play man. How y'all feeling right now about Jason take them not playing. I seen some of y'all coming. Y'all mad like man they tripping man I need to put fam in the game. You know he just won the NBA championship. Holler Burton put him in the game too as well. I know JR Halladay played great defense. Holburn can can play just as well. I ain't saying defense but he could play just as well. He's a long linky defender. Ain't nobody on Serbia got no mad handles like y'all like these guys can't hold man come on man.


If I'm Steve Kerr, I'm playing everybody on my damn team. Why? Because you here for a reason now Ka bru them, they gonna get they time but for bam. Who else over there? Bam. You got holiday, you got Devin Booker, all them y'all going it, it's gonna be a team effort over here on Team USA. If you ask me for my opinion now that guess how I feel about that. Y'all getting in the comment section right now. Hey Doug. Man you right man. I don't understand why they ain't playing table Table. Ain't no stop. I get it. I ain't the coach but it was me. Kirk came coach and he to me he he never could really coach if you ask me that was Mark Jackson team that it took.


He came in implemented a few little things but don't forget Mark Jackson put that golden State warrior team together and you right or wrong. Come on dude you tripping. No same way Jerry or Jimmy Johnson with the cowboy put that team together but Barry Sch Swer came in there that year and took him 9 9 1. That's all it was. The same damn team Jimmy Johnson have since we talking about them damn cowboy. Jerry Jones talking about he don't wanna talk contract issue with CeeDee, Lamb TRASHH come on Jerry the best player on your team. You don't wanna play him. It ain't that. That ain't the best player on the motherfucking team. He might be the highest paid but he ain't the best.


Your bread and butter CeeDee Lamb. He a lamb now. He could be the goat tomorrow. Make up your damn mind Dak ain't no lamb. He a damn pigeon. Dak a damn pigeon. He ain't no lamb that way he can never be a goat but you wanna sit up there in that office and come down and talk to us people like oh I really ain't even thinking about it. Yeah you thinking about it motherfucker you better pay him. You made that same mistake with Dez Bryant not paying him this money, cutting him And. we ain't done a motherfucking thing since then. You got rid of Ma Cooper for the same mother fucking reason. Jerry Now you keep saying you won win a championship before you die motherfucker you tomorrow.


Right bro you Jerry it's time to pay CeeDee. Lamb pay Michael Parson then if you gonna take care of that, go on and take care of it. Other than that I don't like what I'm hearing from y'all ain't do shit to our C you ain't go out and get no damn body. You ain't go out and get nobody that's worth anything. This out season. Watch that Jerry. What you being cheap for Then you going bring back Potbelly noodle eating as Zeke. Zeke ain't Zeke. Oh y'all sitting around here thinking Zeke Finn run for 15 2000. Shit he can't get through them damn drills and practice holding his stomach and shit. Boy you got the flu.


How about running back, running through drills holding his stomach like he tired. Hell no. Y'all need to start playing on Deuce vn. That shoe should be starting for the Dallas Cowboy. Deuce V put him in the game right now. Watch him doe something. He's short. He's stocky. Remind me of Emmett Smith but he a look quicker. He ain't Emmett but he'll a look quicker. He can get in there behind the big offensive line hide see a hole and hit it. Same way. I see Lee hoes out here. I see him and I get straight to him. Yeah what getting 40? I got a 50 right now. Let's go. You gotta know when to go killed V mark. My word De Von gonna be a major major key to the Dallas Cowboys success this year.


You watch my word man you get that run game going. Once that run game get going you can't stop. They play action but now Hu I'm you thinking I'm hand to Dev V but I'm not This play actually not that rolling out tightening open. Damn open. Yeah. Cook's open. Yeah the bank is open. If I can see this and I'm on the eye side of angle is just seeing the game from this, you know the coaches in the player, they can see this shit as well man. You know what I'm saying? It's time. Every time a quarterback. That's one thing about his family gotta stand a quarterback not gonna see everything. He's not, he only can see what he can see. But that you gotta be able to see the motherfucking field fam.


You got to be able to see when your star receiver got his man beat, get him the damn ball and hit him in stride. Sometimes you hitting them then they got to stop and weigh them the ball and it's a 35 yard completion. But if you hit them in stride could be six. Just the little things you have to get right as a quarterback. That's why they make all the damn money as a quarterback as I gig come out the huddle, I'm looking, I'm looking at the defense. Oh is it cover two? Is it cover one? Could be a, could be a spy, could be a disguise. So I'm gonna send somebody emotion. See they got these things and preach down to send somebody emotion and see if somebody gonna go with 'em. Sometimes they gonna go with 'em.


They just sit there and try to trick you. But the but the but the linebacker's going to let you know everything. When you say hood they come up, you count once sec two sec three sec. The ball should be out your motherfucking hand and you shouldn't be stirring down the wide receiver that you're throwing the ball to. That's the problem. A lot of the quarterback when they throwing the ball at the wide receiver, they stern ging from the start Hu And they get looking, looking like that. No motherfucker be decepted move him around like Peyton man would do. You didn't know who he was throwing through. You looking him y That's what made Peyton mangan so good. That's what made that zebra. Yeah Pat Mahome that what make him so good.


His eyes, you going to know where he going with the mother fucking ball and that you can lose your leg. You can lose your leg sometime too fam. You ain't got to force that ball. Go on and down run get you six, seven yards on the plate. Josh Allen do it. You ain't gotta take no hit. You quarterback get so much protection these day. Six seven yard get down now you legacy. See another play. That's all you gotta do that because I honestly feel like man some of you play our game fall on you that shit last year the packers fall on you and I know what you gonna say but he gonna play defense but every time the offense go don't you get the damn ball. That's all. If Green Bay go out get ball, you score 45 40 8 million a year.


I don't want you on the motherfucking sideline looking at that iPad and with your head down motherfucker. You should know what every receiver gonna be. You should know your quarterback, your safety, your linebacker. This is what it called film study. That's what it's for. Study your opponent third and eight. Y'all like to run this defense third and five. You like to get in this defense, you know what I'm saying? Third and three. Y'all like to stack the box. You like to have seven people in the box. That mean there's four people out there for covering. Okay, I'm coming out here in jumbo formation. I'm coming out here in jumbo formation against your past defense. I'm finna run it down your damn throat and it won't stop if I know this, I know the coaches know this.


We can see this shit man. It's about strengths against weaknesses in this football game. Yeah, why do can talk Xs and Olds with you? Oh yeah. Oh I'm studying just like they studying just like Coach Prime told me when you come out and offense come out to a set and there's two tight ends and there's two wide receivers, the routes ain't gonna be no more than five yards every time. Routes from the receivers ain't gonna be no more than five yards man. But the thing about the NFL in college when they run these four masons man, they might run a certain formation, certain play rival receiver might run slants tight ends might run verticals right down the middle.


They'll come out and run another the same, the same play but a different formation. That's all the NFL is man. It's the same play, just different form Mason. They might run the same thing out. A shotgun that they might do in single back. It's it's, it's all about preparation. You got to be prepared in life. Even at your job man, you you, your bosses work. Your bosses ain't there but now you want slack off. No motherfucker work the same way that if your boss arm was there, work the same way when you ain't. That's how you get noticed. You never know who looking at you. You never know who watching you do what. That's why you can't go halfway at things in life. You got to be full force in life man to, to make shit work.


Sometimes everybody's journey is different. Sometime people take the, sometime people get to take the elevator to to success. Sometimes people gotta take the stir. I'm the type of man I gotta take the stir igon, I gotta work twice as hard as anybody else. But that's okay. You gonna see me complaining about that shit you shouldn't neither. You woke up this morning, you got another day to be great, damnit, go and be great. Stop being ungrateful man. You got health, you, you can see, you can talk. There's a lot of people out here can't do neither one of those things. They would trade anything in the world. Stevie Wonder would do everything in the world if he could see, you know Stevie Wonder so he could see some shit and they Million now got all the money in the world but blind is batshit.


Hey see sometime us as human man, we get spoiled and, and I get it, we done got spoiled over a long time ago by the well 30 year with the cowboy of the Super Bowl. We want. That was a long mother fucking time ago. Do you hear me or Kelly with highly fish grease back then when Cowboy winning or Kelly in that cell right now. Freezing like a mother singing. I wish, I wish, I wish nobody wanna hear that shit Kelly and people told you 19 years ago, stop sleeping with them on the age girl and you didn't do it. You wanted to do what Kes wanted to do, not Kes, get in jail and you ain't coming home so you can cry in that cell, you can sing all you want, you going to do your mother fucking time and to the parents who sent them young girls or nothing, you need to be locked up to.


Damn right y'all some predators. Dub don't like predators. Lot of shit going on in the world y'all. Y'all got to pay attention to what's going on. I'm down here in Shreveport, man, Louisiana down here at the Herman Harmony Festival 50 cent. We have a great show last night, man. What I'm talking about, man we had, we got the stars in the building man. We had the goats man. We had Dave Chappelle up man. Yeah, OO Dave there with his Newport cigarette Real and on white D look like he came from a trail ride but that day worth 200 million. But that's how he drink Damnit. That's how I need to start dressing. See if they ain't dressing like that, do need to be dressing like that.


That Kat Williams in the building go. Oh yeah, what cat The same motherfucker cat. Wait, that cat Bill Bella me in the building and La Crawford, Yale, his meatloaf ankles have ass in the he wants down Max Strife was down DC Young Ryan Davis down JJ Wilson D Everybody was there Last, last night in all eyes. Miss Hope, come here.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Lucky Lands slots. Asking people, what's the weirdest place you've gotten lucky. Lucky in line at the deli I guess. Aha. In my dentist's office more than once actually Do I have to say yes you do. In the car before my kids' PTA meeting. Really? Yes. Excuse me. What's the weirdest place you've gotten? Lucky I never win and tell. Well there you have it. You could get lucky anywhere. playing@luckylandslots.com Play for free right now. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. V GW Group avoid web prohibited by law 18 plus terms and condition supply low go us.


Visit modo.us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and Casino Holden. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins and exciting promotions. Register today at MOD do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details. Hello Joe, us


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills never ending food festivals, fresh, new dining experiences, outdoor adventures, and Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours, but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy


Big likes, big crowds. I love that shit man. Finally get to be in the room with all these people so they can finally see my talent for what it is. It's one thing to see me on the internet. That shit cool. You only get 40%, you get to see a hundred percent on me in real. A hundred percent of me in real life. See sometimes people, people always say they big fish but they only made for a pun. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying man, I'm a big fit. Nah motherfucker you, you a bad, you belong in puns and riffs. Hell, I'm an oracle. I belong in Ocean.


The Indian Ocean. That hell, that's where I belong. Anybody in this comedy game man right now man, don't care what damn where you at in life man. You gotta work. Ain't nobody gonna give you shit in this comedy game. Ain't nobody gonna give you shit in at the job that you at now. You know? Understand what I'm saying? So you gotta work, you got to prepare. You can't just get on a show right here. I'm like man, I'm man I'm feeling, I'm feeling I'm finna do this and do that. You got to be already doing. So when I do these show people ask me how I do this shit easy because I can put the work in at these comedy clubs and all around the world with the, with the comedians with me. You know what I'm saying?


That's what it's about. Preparation same way with you, same way. What you hold man, y'all walk around here raggedy looking hood out looking like baby roosters all day. Soon as that nigga say he coming over now you wanna clean the house up. Have sugar been clean ho sugar been clean? Lemme tell you whole's another thing man. Yes y'all fine. I ain't going motherfucking lie. Some of y'all bad going now do your thing. All of a sudden you fall asleep. She, she bragging this cat put you sleep. No it didn't. The mold in this house did that will put me to sleep. Oh. I'm calling CCPs on you. Kids ain't safe in this mold of ass house.


She real talk. But it's about preparation. You got to prepare before anything. When storms come, people prepare. They go out and buy food, water, toilet, paper, all these things man. It's all you got to do is start preparing life. Now the other day I was talking shit, talking to have different people tuning into the show and and asking me, you know I was asking a question, do y'all want to see Canelo versus Crawford? And the truth of the matter is I just feel like Canelo is the bigger guy and he shouldn't and I don't feel like Crawford should even put his legacy on the line.


Even trying to fight Canelo period. Le leave him alone. Not saying that I don't think Crawford could be, I just think it's a weighted thing and I don't think it, it just ain't gonna line up right now. I know Floyd fought Canelo at a certain age but that's Floyd. Floyd a different mother, human being do you hear me? And I know Crawford is too but Crawford ain't no Floyd And I've been hearing that ain't no motherfucking Floyd, he's Crawford. He's his own man. He he is his own man and he, he gonna move up in different weight classes that Floyd ain't move up in and won. I give, I give him that but you gotta understand Canelo ain't with what 33.


Canelo still young too. And a lot of y'all thinking oh man Bug gonna do that. You seen the way Mag Al will, will he hit Crawford? What you think another gonna do to him? Shit Rick Rooster still got that damn contaminated meeting his blood. I keep telling y'all that. Yeah because you take steroids that shit ain't gone forever. That shit still in there some damn well now Lot no alive running around got Covid send get your ass home. You knew you had Covid, Uhuh Track and Field knew you had Covid and they let you run anyway after endangering people after tingling and goose bumps and 88 degree weather.


Boy you sick and you know it. See that's the bullshit. I don't like that's some bullshit. I don't like y'all doing the Olympic. Y'all know that man was sick man. Man had mags all in his eyes and shit coming out there warming up talking about he's about to go down. You damn right your health that's the only damn thing about to go around your damn hell you get your ass outta him. I got my key thinking about you got your kids out there and he out there wanna play with your kid. Nigga please I we tow that goddamn damn track and field up out there. Me and Noah loud. Shit it would've been pink nail gloss all over me but I would've worn. I bet you that I would've worn that and shout out to Carmelo for helping team USA come back.


Carmelo was on that sideline giving bro them hell y'all tripping. Damn I'm right. Y'all remember Melo shit stop sleeping on Melo. Melo was one of the most prolific scores that this, that the NBA has ever seen. Look at the number numbers don't lie. He never win no NBA championship. Nah he didn't but Melo was one number one. I'll never forget it. Yeah him and bro were neck to neck for rookie of the year. Never forget it. A lot of people say Melo sugar warm. I'm just stating the facts before come out Syracuse BB just saying watching this show man you can't if if you watching this show, if you can't watch this show then you at work.


You know what I'm saying? You but you can listen to the show. Go to Apple podcast man, type in The Bubba Dub Show. You can listen to me talk my talk how I talk my talk. Can't nobody can talk my talk the way I talk my talk. Or you can go to Spotify and listen to me. I know y'all just been on nightcap. Y'all been on on Shea. Y'all seen them poster fly me OCHO football season. A lot of y'all fans in y'all feeling. Let me tell y'all something. Fuck y'all. I'm on that show for a reason. Do you afford a reason man we gonna have a ball this year on nightcap. I can't wait not just nightcap.


We having a ball right here on The. Bubba Dub Show. You damn right you tuning in. You ain't getting this kind of comedy and sports talk and world talk from nobody else out there. Ain't knocking nobody but you getting it right here with us today. It's a lot of shit going on in the world. I'm talking about a lot of shit Jordan. I hear motherfucker Jordan son, you gonna powder you do that shit in the high behind cold. It must have been that good book of sugar too. You couldn't wait. You were going down through that. I know Issa got you on this shit. That's why Scott Shrimp like a goddamn shrimp now because Issa it was that powder don't like powder.


Thank God I ain't never done powder. We knock on wood because I don't never want to do powder. I don't knock nobody for whatever drug you do because I know they say powder is a wristband drug. I ain't rich. I'm gonna stick to the, this ain't TRASHH for me but y'all, y'all want to climb mark up. Look we gonna have fun with it but the end of the day every motherfucker can afford his habit. That's mj. So he going to be forever be able to snort powder if he want it. I'm just saying. But he could have done it in a better way. But at the end of the day, Marcus Jordan don't give a damn. He ain't worried about us so he gonna continue to do what he do and get because Marcus Jordan snorting powder or whatever allegedly he was snorting.


Don't mean you should do it. Stay away from this. Stay away from drugs. Y'all stay away from any kind of drugs, stay away from it. I'm just being real to you. Don't need, you don't need, you don't need no drugs. Some of y'all feel like y'all need drugs to get motivated and help you move around. You going need nothing. All you need God and why nigga, nigga do the rest. Yeah it's a mind thing. But for me I just want smoke because I like to smoke. That's me. You see me at home ain't worth smoking. It look like a magic show because there's smoke everywhere. Some of y'all like to smoke. Everybody got different things in life. I like to smoke. Some of y'all like to run whole. Some of y'all like to lie. Some of y'all like to steal.


I got something for you niggas that like to steal that real steal bow stop all that y'all be in there late breaking in these people high bow. You take shit you ain't coming back. See people start stealing and get comfortable and I ain't just saying breaking in people houses like you accountants out there running people bank account gotta get greedy. Start stealing. Stealing a thousand here, stealing 10,000 here and that ain't your money man. People work hard for they motherfucking money but y'all go out here and steal it then I gotta go to court.


I ain't gonna no motherfucking court. It's gonna be some slow singing fly will you? Yo I wanna see a service. Everybody dressed in all black. Everybody dressed in all black. I wanna see power bears too. Y'all seen me like y'all see I shoulda seen me at my show. I was dressed like a power bear. I ain't bullshitting hot. I was sweating. I would clean as a clapped out. Sometimes you got to put the suits on man. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes you ain't got dress like this. Sometimes you gotta dress professor let 'em know I can dress up too.


I can put this shit on too with the best of them. Yeah I can give you that Hollywood look. Whatever look you looking for. I can give it to you here I'm Nelly. You out here taking Essy boy what's wrong with you? They got a hundred pack. You don't need no damn ti for for Shante. She already pregnant. What you doing taking Esta fam? Oh shit. Not my Nelly. Not my Nelly. Keep going to jail over a year for drug possessions. Not my Nelly. He's getting hot in here. You damn right. That's why you keep saying it. I know all this shit allegedly on Nelly but she, it's just nodding her.


That's what they saying then they say allegedly taking Sy. Man I don't know if you is that's your business but you don't need it. All you need is a honey pack. Come holler me. I got 'em until stop texting me nigga. I ain't, I told you I ain't got no more for you but go find your own pay same way you ran your ass to that store. Run your ass to one of them stores and get you some hundred pack. I ain't got nothing for you. I give you some money before I give you a hundred pack shit. Damn hundred pack saved my damn life. Shit. I went camping. Oh yeah Doug went camping some shit I said I never do. I went camping but there wasn't no damn burn in the area. Mm number coyotes shit. And where I'm from we eat coyotes.


Yeah do had one fishing marshmallows campfire. Damn right. I tell you something, they heat from that campfire. They gonna do good with women who get B bs. Boy make they body turn a certain kind of weight. I ain't bullshit. I I never seen it. She was like this, it's too hot. Like baby you ain't nerve but it's, it's, it's the damn surgery man. They skin is different from that heat. That bitch started melting like a mother me shit. Girl I gotta get you. I I gotta get you out these damn woo. Damn I about to kill you. Shit I keep getting them damn surgeries.


Ooh my neck hurt But you got but you got your stomach done. Shit I ain't right. I'm doctor putting all kind of shit in. Y'all knocking y'all out DNA doing them surgery then you wake up and that shit ain't worth it. Y'all got to be more careful of things you doing to your body and the things that you are putting in your body. Man. You only get one life when it's over. It's over. A lot of y'all getting these surgeries. You fine now? Yeah when you get 45, 50 your back wide you hear me and your booty don't match your leg so your legs giving out. You can't walk now you need skees. You used to go right here but now you gotta wear orthopedic shoes. But you fine in the motherfucker but your feet bad ho.


It don't make sense. A good hoe got to be on their feet. That's what they told me. You can't be on your feet now you in wheelchair. You know what I'm saying? And you can't fit the wheelchair 'cause your ass lopsided now you getting them soles on your legs and shit. I'm just saying. Yeah you fine. But you got soles on your leg. Oh nasty. I'm nasty. Work if you ask me.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services. Who various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void or prohibited by law 18 plus Terms and conditions apply


Modo us


Visit M odo.us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are, Mo d offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@mod.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly, conditions apply. See website for details.


Hello, Go us If you are ready for an epic family vacation. There's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy


Super nasty man. But how y'all feeling today man? Day Friday man. Some of y'all gonna get paid today ain gonna be broke tomorrow. That's cool. Long as you pay your damn bills. That's all that matter. I'd rather all my bills be paid and be broke then the hagger money and then go blow the money and ain't pay. Damn damn Bill man. So you gotta be responsible man. That's why I tell my friends and family man when they hit me up thug man man I need $50 till tomorrow. Wait till tomorrow. You already got help. People help themselves sometimes. How can I help them? By making them be responsible.


Yeah, gotta be responsible in this game man. Real gonna talk. See a lot of people. See you doing things in life climbing and they just won't pull. And so if I give everybody, even if you not just me, if you give everybody everything you got what? You gonna have Nothing. See when I learned so when you give somebody this and that, oh I'll give back to you tomorrow. And they don't, that falls on you. But I always tell people never give people something that you gonna need right back. Even though you want help 'em be like man I really need it. Don't do it. Same way they can call and ask you. Same way they can call them banks now if them banks ain't giving them nothing, if them loan people ain't giving them nothing, why should I give you something motherfucker you not trustworthy.


Damn right. Same way my baby mama, I need four $50. I need some heat. Even this chain you want red. Come on. Gotta make it make sense these days y'all. Y'all gotta make this shit make sense man. It's a lot going on in the world right now man. Just being honest. I mean President shit is up in the air. We gonna know who gonna be kamaya. We gonna know if he gonna be Trump. We gonna know. I seen people bickering, fighting each and every day about who to vote for, vote for whoever in the hell you wanna vote for. Man that's your vote.


No it's your vote. Like people be putting stigmas on that Republican and Democrats, all them mother crooked. Don't you think they ain't behind cold do ka Kamala Harry down on fold doing whatever it could be Trump that's standing by him. That's all I'm saying. Don't be surprised by the shit y'all see in this world man. Don't let these people fool you to give us mag each other to go to war with one another. Oh that's what they want. That's how they make the money. Stop being so naive to this shit. Oh man. You voting for Kamal man. I don't like you no more man. Hell with you.


Oh you voting for Trump? I can't deal the hell with you. You can't tell me who to vote for. Just like I can't tell you who to date. You know what I'm saying? Just say something watching this show and you already know we got the hell no Segment coming up. Got the TRASHH Day segment coming up. Yeah we rocking and rolling over running the bubble do show man. All my new subscribers. Thank y'all. Welcome. Yeah Boss season. Yeah. Cranking up. Yeah we yeah. I can smell grass now being cooked dog gonna be at them games.


You should be at them games. Yeah. I can't wait. I don't know how y'all feeling right now. I can't wait. I can't wait to wake up Sunday morning, put my football girl on and just talk cash money, shit man. Cowboys finna run through everybody in the nation. Even though I know I'm lying. I'm gonna say it. I'm gonna talk my shit. I'm gonna tell you my cowboy going to do this and that and when they don't I'm not answering my damn thought. My team lu gonna call and text me motherfucker. I see it. I see what you say. I see it.


I don't wanna see it because of nine times outta 10. I done bet and ouch. Only time I bet. And I wanna win. I'm doing it with prize picks. Damn right. Going down low prize picks right now. This always been presented by prospect in case you didn't know but you should know 'cause you can see the right up there going down low prospect number one sports be fan app. It is right now in this game today use my promo code TRASHH two hs. Help TRASHH with the two Hs baby. Yeah, let me help you out for your first time user. You can put 20 in. They gonna give you 20, you go up to a hundred, they gonna give you a hundred.


Now you got faulty to play with but now you got $200 to play with and only way you win. Only way you don't win if you don't play And it's more or less. Huh? More or less over there. Yeah. Real talk That picture of a Rawless Chapman. Y'all seen San Diego, Padre Cole might have him down for five strikeout more or less Average ju might have him down for two home run more or less. Yeah. Assure your attorney might have him down for one home run more or less. Caitlyn Clark attempted threes. You might have him down for four attempted three more, less. That's all. More or less.


That's simple. You could spend $10, you could spend $15 on prospect and win 1500. You can't do that nowhere else. I advise you if you watching this show right now today, yo I gotta download prize pick right now. Sugar didn't already hit the like button if you came on today because you know do being the comments, you know I be in to chats. Yeah. Sugar didn't hit the like button. Yeah if you ain't subscribed. Yeah. What you waiting on? How many motherfucking episodes you need to see? Subscribe. You been laughing since you tuned in Subscribe?


Yeah. Now it's time for the hell no. He knows what hell Somebody hit me up Bubble do you smoke cigarettes? Hell no mother fucking cigarette. Hell I brought that good kind of cologne. I don't want none of that kind of smoke missing up my damn cologne when I walk by somebody. I want them to say Bubba does smell like success. I won't smell like day Pel and them goddamn Newport damn day. Pel smell like 40 packs of Newport last night. But that's the goat though. He can get away with it. I can't, I can't get away with that. So the answer is hell no.


Wasn't no damn nicotine. That shit dangerous. You see them people who catch cancer, they be talking through that little hole in their neck motherfucker that gonna be you. I don't want talk like that het no go stay away from the damn tobacco and you should too. A lot of my friends out there still dipping skull not good. But now when you smile you look like you've been chewing because it's that damn skull. Stop. Stop. You can't go down below dipping skull with these women. You got to know what you doing when you're doing. Doing it. I got a disturbing call other day from my cousin.


She a stud. I love her. Love my stu family to death. Hey fam, you think I could try one of them honey pack left? Hell no. No you them toys. You not getting my suppers now. Now you studs going to God damn far now y'all already got toys now you wanna take my a hundred pack for me. When she called and told me that, that's when I dialed nine. One more. I got somewhere y'all need to go. Some ain't going. Some ain't right over in that house. Some ain't right over in that house. These studs taking a hundred pack fellas. We in trouble.


Y'all already making now women shape. Now you gonna take the hundred pack too now you finna have extra energy. No yo. No. In my TRASHH other day going to my Stu TRASHH. Damn Stu taking a hundred pack. What kind of motherfucker do you need? You already a woman. You already a woman. What kind of energy you need? I just wanna try a big homie. Shit, you older than me. I ain't your damn big homie. I'm your cousin. I told you it 2024. Shit. Hey I can't say the truth is out now. These people are are are trying any and everything these damn dang these days.


I can't believe I can't make, look y'all, I can't make this shit up. My cousin called me, she called me asking me for a hundred pack when I did do something else though. I gave her Cialis pill, told her it was ecstasy. She ain't moving in three A God damn right. Don't ask me for nothing else. I bet you got. Damn. I just been stuck. Put my nipples hard. Woo. Hey man, y'all enjoyed today's show man.


Keep hitting that light button and keep hitting that subscribe button man. Stand the comments. Sitting around that time like I told y'all, y'all can DM me at bubble dub t@gmail.com. Send me photos or videos of y'all sharing my content. We finna do a poll. We finna start picking people male and females or anybody who got chromosomes of a male. I'll get joking but we finn start picking people. I'm going down my schedule now about the football games. I'm gonna be going to And we I to start picking people all day. I'm gonna fly out and go to the games with me and experience The Bubba, Dub Show with me. So hopefully y'all excited. I'm excited to meet some of y'all.


Y'all get the, no matter who you are, you can be a Cowboy fan. You be a fan. And the way I'm doing it, I'm inviting people, fans out. Who teams that the Dollar Cowboys are playing And. we just gonna have fun that whole day. It's gonna be a whole experience and hopefully you will get to experience the bubble. Do show and live. You know what I'm saying? Wouldn't it be something to go to the Texan Cowboy game with me or same cowboy game with me? Wouldn't that be something man, to have fun because I know a lot of times a lot of people gonna have not fortunate as others, y'all big fans, but y'all never been to a game and would love to go. I'm trying to make that happen for y'all. But the way that could happen through me is sharing my content or just hitting the like button or just letting people know about me.


The the bubble do merch is coming. Yeah. Gimme two weeks. I'm gonna have some merch for y'all. Yeah. So y'all can better go on there online and get the merch and support me and you know what I'm saying? And I'm gonna, I'm gonna drop the mic every interview next week. Yeah. I'm gonna go ahead and drop that for y'all too. In case you didn't know I got to sit down with the Playmaker And. we got to chop it up about the Dallas Cowboys of course. But like I say, y'all could catch me. I'm gonna be in East St. Louis on the 17th. On the 16th I'm gonna be in Baton Rouge me, DC Young Fly August 22nd, 23rd.


You can catch me on OKC at Breakdown Comedy Club. Me and DJ Red Me and Black Run me and JB Braswell. We also gonna be in Tulsa 24th and 25th. Bricktown Comedy Club. Same crew. Make sure y'all grab 'em tickets right now. These shows should be sold out before I get there. Grab 'em ticket. If you rocking with me, I'm coming to a city near you. Go ahead and grab you a ticket or two. I promise you, I promise you I'm what you want to see. Should have been down here last night. Street Report. The people tell you streets going to talk. The people going to tell you got to come see your boy do man. Keep doing what y'all doing. Have a safe weekend.


Don't drink and drive. And I see y'all again when I see y'all. Peace. I'm out. The Volume Rest residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com.


Equal housing opportunity.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity. Finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do. Enabling members to experience the joys of, of having your finances in order and That makes us fast for life. Now, I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


No, No. US Visit m odo us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at m Modo. Do us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply to website details. Hello, go us When the time comes to plan your next big getaway. Know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando. Just think about it. The thrills at their 15 World World-class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots.


Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent, being their day and night, and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for. Trust, Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.