(0s):
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.

(32s):
Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt Victoria Monet Cold Plays Chris Martin Hand More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.

(1m 3s):
My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council

(1m 34s):
The Volume. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I know y'all been waiting on me. What fam at? Well guess what Fam been in a mother in hurricane. Thank God I come out alive. Thank God for everybody. I hope everybody is safe. Know it's a couple people lost their lives. My heart go out to y'all. My condolences go out to y'all family. But before we even get into the show, hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button now let's go on and get straight to it. Check this out man. I been in Hurricane Bur man. Everybody else around us been having lights two or three days.

(2m 14s):
We ain't have a mother. Dang now. Nothing. Just sweating How smell like straight up piss baby Mama didn't let me come over. I didn't. I didn't. You know what I'm saying? I didn't. I just so her $150 let me come lay off. She told me she had lights. I give over her. She ain't have a mother dang number count but the head powder. I went ahead and got that real talk. Single point energy trash. Y'all running around. I'm, I'm driving behind y'all. Y'all eating burgers and fries. Come cut my mother lights on. Then when y'all sees me come my lights on. My kids hot. Ain't no I'm half y'all.

(2m 57s):
Y'all gonna understand how I'm feeling. I thank God that I'm alive but man don't play with me. Don't play with me right now. I ain't getting the mood right now. What from that head my baby mama gave me other night. Boy. I dunno why I be, I dunno but I'm here now. Who? She was killing me softly like the Es come here. Lauren here killing me softly with her to telling the world that is fire. Check this out. It's a lot going on in the sports world. Secure B and fighting melatonin.

(3m 39s):
Han Stevenson won this past weekend. Everybody mad at him. People walking out on the fight saying he boring and he's, lemme just say that and he's, but listen, we gotta stop comparing everybody to t Davis. We gotta stop comparing everybody to Bud Crawford. Them people special. Steve Sha secure Do it another way. He going he don't mind going 12 round. He gonna mind. I'll point you. I get it. The fans won. See excitement. Listen here Shaki. If you watching And, if you ever see your listen her fan. I ain't got no problem with you. I don't mind that You BORING. I know you only care about winging. That's all that matter. But all the real fans who do like you like me, we just want you to be a little bit more aggressive.

(4m 20s):
That's all. Let your mother hands go because you gone. That's what we mad about. Let your hands go fam. Your defense is impeccable there you got defense like Floyd and the game is to hit and don't get hit. I get it but fam you got real fans walking out on your boxing match fam. Them people didn't come there that fight that who you fought. You fought a cab driver fam. You supposed to knock that so I'm just saying you supposed to knock that so third round should have been outta there. Especially in the sixth when you hurt. Supposed to hack him out but it didn't happen. I get it. It didn't happen. You didn't knock him out.

(5m 1s):
I get it. But your fans wanna see some excitement fam. That's all. Yes you undefeated. Yes and you will continue to be undefeated the way you fighting. But if you want them big fight found. Yeah I know you want them 20, 30 million fights Liket. You gotta start, you gotta start putting people on their ass. Start putting people on their ass like Furry was doing wild though. And I guarantee you, you won't be hearing what you hearing now because I hate to hear that he borrowing fighter now he's you're, I hate saying it but you're But that don't mean you ain't a great fighter. No that don't mean that because I think you asking Fox.

(5m 44s):
I call you a fox myself where you in and out But when you in and out, when you make a miss you got to make that mother pain fam 'cause you too damn good for people not to want tune in to watch you is what I'm saying. Shaki Stevenson is too damn good of a boxer for people not to want to tune in and watch him fight. It's science bar be at work bar be doing his mother thing. I got to be 100 with you. He doing his thing at him. But I it's another fight I want y'all look at I'm doula Mason. Jay Prince got a dog. A doula will knock you on your ass. Literally like my baby mama boyfriend did me.

(6m 24s):
That's what a doula do to you. Keep playing. I know y'all watched him this past weekend. Doula got hands for days seeing tune figures. That's what he was looking at when he was looking getting up from the ground. Gotta pay attention what got him up out there early. That's what you should have been doing. Stevenson getting your opponent up out the ear. I a fucking cab driver. Not no Uber not a left driver or Uber. A cab driver to me. I'm always gonna give people they respect than they do man. I don't follow the the I'm not gonna follow, I'm gonna leave. Yes, I admit Sha secure Boer but I like him as a boxer though.

(7m 7s):
I think he could continue to grow. No he gonna have a power of tank so we can't pull him on. We gotta stop comparing him to Tank and no any any other other great knockout. All we can't, we can't compare 'em to them. The guy's smart. He ain't Finn take no risk. He gonna care if y'all like it or not. He gonna care. He gonna do him. He gonna get the W. So we have to learn to accept that. Stop trying to make everybody Tank Davis or Bud Crawford or Pit bull crew per se. We bang knockout. We have to stop doing that. We have to stop doing that right now. But the doula Mason boy got some man. I don't know what Jay Prince finally these motherfucking fighter from Third Ward.

(7m 48s):
Fifth boy. I don't know what for the dead lie. I don't know where he finding them at but the boys can box and the girl what's his name th got robbed. Oh Got robbed against to fight. I can't think of his name. Whatever however you pronounce his name. Boy you didn't win that motherfucking fight but both of your eyes were closed. Shit you didn't win. You did some good things. I'm not gonna sit up here and say you didn't 'cause you was aggressive. I get it but Foster put number hands on you Foster lost one round. That was round number one. He won every other round. I don't know what the judges saw but boxing is corrupt. I'm letting you know right now the boxing offenses and boxing is fucking corrupt and I don't like it crying in the damn ring.

(8m 31s):
I called my damn pastor. He told me don't call him after nine but I called him in a damn way. Look here fam. He what I told you about. I said nah first of all motherfucker, I done put 5,500 in the collection plate this year. You going listen to me. He said well go ahead. I said man young man done lost the fight but that he really won. He's been cheated by them devils. He told me to tell you Frost if you looking listen he told me to hold your head baby they didn't believe in Jesus either until they killed him. Hold your head things going get better but from now you gonna have to start knocking Mother because out 'cause you can't leave it up to the judge. Y'all ain't y'all up judge y'all.

(9m 15s):
So y'all gonna have to do the next best thing is start knocking out the opponents man and us fans. We need to appreciate these boxes from going in their ring and doing what they do. Putting their lives on the line. And I know some of y'all are gonna be sick shit do we putting out money on the line? No you ain't. You niggas streaming for free. Stop it. That fight was on SPN Now Secure. You want them pay-per-view fights. You better start knocking motherfuckers out. I'm just, I'm just, I'm here to tell you the truth fam. Whether you want to hear it or not you want them P-P-B-P-P-B RV fight. You better start knocking mother out. Ain't doing it now for y'all to sit up here Ryan Garcia, every time I look around I I can get posted.

(9m 59s):
Stop posting. Take your drug ass to rehab you a junkie. I'm hearing say Ryan Garcia a junkie go to rehab time. I look around you posting in this and that sick I fam you what you made 25, 30 million shit go somewhere and rent. Take your ass somewhere and rest Clear your mind because you ain't all the way out right now fam you I I know you want boxing but you should thought about that before you took them drugs and you fought the wrong fight and hang. Don't ever wanna see you in the ring again. I'm just being real. But you don't wanna see you in the ring again talking about you and Devin gonna be a rematch Never. Devin know like I know I stay my ass out the ring with your drug ass.

(10m 42s):
Whether you on drugs or if you ain't gonna drug Devin, you can't whoop you can't whoop off And I really want you to for all that racist shit he was saying, I really want you to put feets and and hands on him but you ain't gonna be the one to do it. I tell you what Ryan, you running around this motherfucker. I'm talking about you wanna fight when you come off your suspension fight Abdullah Mason. Call down alive, they'll set you up a good fight. You damn right. I think I, I really believe in Abdullah Mason man God got some, I don't know if y'all know about it. I don't know if y'all been watching you Burger Abdullah. Right motherfucker now it's a lot going on in the world. Sacramento Kings done went down there and got DeMar Rosen.

(11m 23s):
They said fuck we going fuck Gusto. Dr. Lakers going to get Lakers ain't gonna get nothing but some damn size. That's all the Lakers hitting this sir. It's some damn seye. They ain't getting no players. Nobody gonna come over there bro. What the hell going on? Y'all need to drain that damn knee had four points same as it had in college. Come on now. I've been rooting for you. I'm gonna need some 15 to 2020 from you bro. I still believe in you all you overgrown people over here, down talking. I understand I I know you as know that's what y'all wanna say. We told you so it would get one game fam. Let's see as see can get progress. If he gonna progress then you can say that. But right now let the man progress man.

(12m 5s):
You hear what bro said bro been unfollowing everybody ever since y'all say something about bro, bro unfollow your ass And I don't blame it. That's my seed you mother because they ain't figure talk about my son and think I'm Finn still Follow you never Rachel Nicholson. Bye. You get your make up face ass up outta him talking to Bob Bru and you'll never give interview for me again. That's what bro said. Shit bro. Pop practicing for the Olympus. He too busy watching what Bronny doing. Bronny gonna be alright bro. Go get us the motherfucking gold medal. That's what you do. You ain't my twin an man. Go get me. Go get us a gold medal.

(12m 45s):
That's what you can do. Make David Stern proud from the from the grave. David Stern is rolling over in this grade right now. Where y'all, where the Olympics been going on David Stern Don't like that shit. If you touring into this show right now man I know y'all miss me. Make sure your notification on when I drop. That's how you know when I'm coming out. Coming out hot straight dropping the pot and when you put it in that hoo explodes. Yeah Explosion baby. You can't get this on another podcast right here like you can't get this kind of comedy nowhere else but here. That's what make y'all so special 'cause y'all following me.

(13m 26s):
Y'all rocking When we family y'all getting in here first. Other people who gonna catch on late? It's gonna be too late for them. Y'all gonna be already on the ship with your boy. Yeah if you at work right now and you wanna watch what you can't. Yeah you can listen. Oh that's a good point dude. Why can't we listen If we can't watch, well check me out. Go with Apple Podcast right now and go go Spotify. If you don't got Apple Podcast go to on Spotify. Type in the bubble dub show. I'm popping up. Yeah I'm browsing like yeast Ryan here. You see them views and lights going up, comments going up. I'm loving it. Yeah, leave me review when you go to Apple Podcast or if you go to Spotify, leave me review bubble dub on the fire.

(14m 7s):
Yeah we kicking ass and taking your names over him. Go over there and leave me review whether it's good or bad. Leave me review. You get up you, you can all the way up to five stars. Y'all don't care if you gimme one. I don't care how many stars you gimme, just gimme something. That's all I ask man. We gonna give your name over here man. Well man what? What else going on in the world y'all wanna talk about? Man get so much shit going on in the world right now. What? What's my home girl name ain't re double Double King come here ain't double, double, double. Come here baby. Come on. I need to come up to Chicago and see you. I know I gotta look way up there in the sky to see you Come big long girl Mad League mother you come on.

(14m 48s):
I seen you riding around here with G Herbo. He a player. I ain't Canal. Come here. He gonna, you got? Mm, come to me. You a real man in your life. I'm him and got it. I'm come here help you work on your backup game bag, down game, all that. Yeah. How you like a a what's his name? Akeila one out there. Real talk. I got the moves. They're gonna make you groove. Come here. Come here. Y'all see me today rocking my trash chain. See YI know y'all see it. It's a whole lot of trash, trash things going on in the world right now. And. we going talk about it on this damn show.

(15m 28s):
Damn State don't out got R of Clay. Well they didn't get R of Clay. Clay left Clay Sager Hill with y'all. I'm moving to Texas. That's what Clay had. Clay got up with Luca and Kyrie right now looking at the globe. You know Kyrie like to look at the globe Godda, I'm just, I'm just being real. You know that's, that's what he looking at right now. He say, he said Earth is fat Godda. That's his opinion. That's what Clay at right now. They brought in Buddy Hill, they brought in the same player. If you ask me Clay, at this point in his life and Buddy Hill right now the same player Golden State ain't lost shit. I know they lost they, you know the the clay the the guy who helped him win four ring but other than that they gonna get the same production from Buddy Hill that they got from Clay.

(16m 9s):
And Mike gave me a little bit more Clippers. The Los Angeles Clipper trash. Y'all dropped the ball on PG Paul George came out said said that he tried to sign a three year $150 million deal with y'all with no trade clause. Y'all didn't wanna do nothing. That's what, that's what he said. I can't believe y'all dropped the ball like that Pink gum Tyrone Lou you didn't want PG back. Who the hell y'all gonna get fill that void? Nobody. Now Paul, I sit up there and listen to you say you woulda took what? Took Hell no you ain't two five mvp. You ain't got damn one of those. So how in the hell you expect the vo I signed?

(16m 51s):
That's what, that's what need to be said. How in the hell Paul George gonna fix his mouth to say that he wanted to take the same money UA was going take Nigga please 303 year one 50. Good but the Koua was going get a three year deal. It should have been for 200. Y'all can't make the same amount of money found and I rock with your pg I rock what you do but that ain't the move dog and real NBA player who ain't gonna say nothing to you or ain't gonna say nothing on they podcast because they scared not me. You ain't, you going need to be making the same get money UA making making boy a champion. Give a damn how many games found me He do Miss game.

(17m 31s):
You didn't miss that nigga last year. I get it Paul George 74 game prior you found your back held but when they come to them goddamn playoff, you ain't P you ain't play off P you ain't you missing P. That's how I'm just being real. My fans don't when I say that shit not Rock with Paul Jordan. Man Paul Jordan one of the best two-way players in the NBA right now. Guy named Philly with MB Maxi. I like it But kidding they stay Hilton. That's all kidding them stay Hilton because if they do they got a chance. Yeah Faith Evans and Biggie, they got a chance.

(18m 11s):
That's all with Stevie J in the mirror. Come on, come here. A lot going on y'all. Y'all talk to me and I talk back.

(18m 22s):
Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.

(19m 33s):
Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th at 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss ASAP Rocky I don't. Big Sean Camila Cabell, doji Cat, Dua Lipa Guen St. Halsey Poser Sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.

(20m 35s):
My name is Ariel, I move to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council

(21m 10s):
Football season. Can't get here quick though. Football season can't get here quick enough. More talk about what the motherfucking Cowboys going do. Y'all heard what Cam New said? Dak is bigger than half the motherfucking beaver. I told y'all y'all thought I just be on this show talking. I don't, I be speaking the real. Yeah because I know the truth sound like hate sometimes but it ain't nothing but the truth coming out my mouth over here that bigger than half of the quarterbacks in the NFL. That's a fact. Jack. Do he got a ring though? That's where you got me at In the big, in the big games. Do he show up like he supposed to? No that's who you got me at. We're working on that.

(21m 51s):
We're definitely working on that. I just wish Jerry Jones could have kept Amari Cooper if he could have kept good Rob running ass Amari Cooper over there with Cge Lamb that the lamb is today. Your asses would've been in trouble. I'm I'm being real. Y'all would've been y'all in trouble now. Zeke back running. Zeke back running around looking healthy again. He used to look like he was full of ding Dongs. Now he back now he like he eating vegetables again. Zeke Green. I think Zeke gone rough 1100 yards this year. That's all we need. And I need Dak guy. Look at me fam. You want that big contract?

(22m 31s):
You want to end your life as a cowboy. I'm gonna need you to take us down. I'm I ain't just speaking for me, I'm speaking for everybody. Dak Dak I'm gonna need you to take us down. You got the status somewhere in your mind motherfucker. You gotta know it. I gotta, I gotta kill or you gonna be the next Tony Romo. Do you wanna be that dad? I don't think you do. I need you to go down through that this year. I them game that we ain't look like we going to win. I need you to pull them motherfuckers out when we play 49 ERs. If you ever play, I'm gonna need you to be, I'm gonna need you be because y'all ain't the only one on the, y'all ain't the only one on the field losing a fan.

(23m 11s):
Losing to these motherfuckers too. They playing mind games with us. The 49 er fans they playing mind games with. It's not gonna like it. We in the stands we fighting because we can't beat y'all fight. We don't like it. We don't like it. I'm starting to get the little boosty right here and right now. I don't like it. I need us to win cowboys. I'm pulling up to the camp. I don't wanna hear none of that bullshit. I think we going do something. I don't need you to thank motherfucker. I need you to know. That's what I, I'm gonna need you to know. Can you do us all, can you do us cowboys? Can you do us cowboy fans a favor man. Let's play. They play balls to the walls every game. Whether you win or lose baby, I'm gonna need my dollar Cowboys to play balls to the motherfucking ball.

(23m 55s):
Mike McCourtney. I'm gonna make sure Jerry Jones got every kind of snicker that's ever been made on the field for you. So you ain't got to be, you ain't got to be hungry. I'm gonna fear I'm gonna fuel your As. I'm gonna fuel your man. I'm gonna feel you up. We're gonna do big things over. Sure. I'm not bullshitting. They over on the bubble on the, we gonna do big things over him. We going to the top. I told y'all we going to the top. The numbers are reflecting it but damn the numbers. I got some of the best fans in the motherfucking world 'cause y'all faithful when I ain't dropping you in my dm. Where at fam we missing you? Shout out to my fans that reached out to me today and and checked on me.

(24m 39s):
I appreciate that. From my body, my heart. I know I told y'all I was in the hurricane. Thank y'all man. It make me feel good that I'm miss and you know only way I'm not recording is is something like this that was live threatening or situations prevent prevent me from from recording. But I'm back now. I know. Y'all know what I'm saying. Y'all can get y'all laugh on now. Y'all can start feeling the good again man. My boy do back man. You damn right I'm back. Don't forget we got hell no segments. We got the trash of the day segments popping up man. We got everything cooking on this motherfucker. So I got a, I got an interview in in in the safe right now. Antonio Tarver. Hell the magic man. Yeah I'm just waiting to put it out at the right time.

(25m 19s):
I'm just stacking up on the interviews. I know I told y'all I was doing some interviews, I'm just stacking them up right now but when I release them you going to love him. I got to get Floyd on the show. I got to get Gilbert Ringo on the show. I'm gonna get uncle on the show Real on Monday Day Shag. I'm gonna get uncle on the show. He busy right now. I don't feel like I'm world, I don't feel like I'm worthy of a shagging sharp interview right now. Just me personally. I know I could probably tell him, Hey I need your show. He'll do it. But I don't want it right now. I want to get this motherfucking show up rocking and yeah when I get this show rocking and rolling, I'm gonna call, come on over here baby. My fans waiting on you. Let's go, let's get, let's go down through that one time And. we will do that real talk.

(26m 1s):
So then y'all know right now it's the hell no segment. We finna get straight to it. He knows what he saw and he's here Now. Somebody ask me, oh do you leave a toilet seat down for your baby mama? Hell no. I want her ass to fall in. See hell no I ain't doing that. I want her rabbit ass to fall in that mode. Do you hear me? How much pain and hurt my baby mama put me through? I had to wake up each and every month. I have to relive there. I have to go and look at all the men at my job who can slip with my baby mama. I had to deal with that. Y'all know how that make me feel.

(26m 41s):
Y'all that make do feel less than a man. Make me feel less of a man. Y'all all nice. I can't sleep. I be crying. I can't call my mama and cry to her no more 'cause she don't like my baby mama. She on mama. I got one of the mamas that I told you I told you to leave. I told you I I don't want hear all that because I can't go back and stay with my mama. You see what I'm saying? Mama talk to me but I can't take my black ass over that leg. I ain't on the couch no more. I can't do all that. So I just keep everything to myself these days. Yeah. Somebody else, somebody is somebody else hit me up. Ask me, ask me something just completely outrageous. I said Doug will you, will you take a a Red Bull and a hundred pack again?

(27m 28s):
Hell no. That's how Kevin Samuels died. There it go. Y'all been wanting to know how Kevin s died? Red Bull and Hundred Pack. I'm not doing it no damn more. I won't Leo. Even though I do need the hundred pack but damn the Red Bulls I can't take too much. Yeah I'm on hard but I'm really gonna be hard if I keep doing it stiff be stiffer than be harder than two knee cap. I can't do it. Y'all and I know that's a hell of a remedy hundred pack Red Bull in the bedroom going down through it but it ain't worth it. You wanna live a long time. Don't you do that shit. You either gotta take one or the other. You gonna take the Red Bull or you gonna take the hundred pack? Gimme the honey pack on aisle three please.

(28m 8s):
That's all I'm saying. Gimme the hundred pack on aisle three please. I'll take that right Mother. Nah yeah somebody I ask me to duh. If you ever went to C World would you jump in the aquarium with them Oracles? Hell no I'm not jumping in them damn aquarium. First of all I can't swim number two. Them wild motherfucking now. And them goddamn ORs been teaching y'all that. They real killer whales. That's what they killer whale free Willie a killer. Y'all left that shit out during that movie. Y'all talked about how nice and smart they well we know they smart but don't leave out the point that they'll killer taking the mama wild animal.

(28m 48s):
Putting them in an aquarium. Why Only white people, only white people and y'all watching the show. They like here he go again. He's not lying to me. He just, Hey Jennifer, he just called on and I don't our shit man. Like he's right. We should just leave the damn animals alone. Like last week Heather, when your dad rang over a damn bobcat he jumped out and save. Damn I'm ran over. Damn wild animal. Keep going then pull over on the side of the road and look at your veal. Don't jump out right then and now. That's how ya ass get killed. White people. That's all I'm saying. Let's be logical.

(29m 30s):
Let's be smarter in this situation. Sometimes y'all do things that just puzzles me and I don't understand it. I really don't. You know life just like Suboxone chocolate. You never know what you going to get. Well if you go and get a wild album and put him in aquarium and put people around it, bad motherfucking news going beat you home. That's all I'm saying. Stop it. Stop it. What else y'all wanna talk about today? Man you know I ain't got nothing going on right now. The trees all in the damn road right now. Can't really go nowhere.

(30m 10s):
Gas stations full right now. If you ain't never been in a hurricane, you don't want to be in one. It's nothing nice. Winds blowing 45 50 miles an hour. I outside again. You know what I'm saying? Trying to see how man vulnerable wind ain't blowing strong man. Wind ain't blowing stronger than my, this ain't trash smoke. I ain't blowing, I ain't blowing big smoke but the winds were strong man. My neighbor lost a couple dogs. You know I'm a dog lover man. He lost one of his frenches. I don't understand why he didn't have the frenches in the house with him. I dunno you got an animal that's making you a certain amount of money.

(30m 52s):
Matter of fact that's your whole income. You should have a dog in the house with you. But yeah he lost one of his dogs man. He's going through it right now. Gotta make better decisions y'all. That was a dumb decision during a hurricane storm to had your dog outside. Dog got to be smaller than that. Now he hit me up man I lost my dog man. I don't know how I'm gonna make money now. You know? You know. So I went ahead and said profound. I got a meeting fam, I got a meeting in about three minutes. Oh I'm gonna call you right back blah. I know what he hitting at. He hitting at trying to borrow some money. Never school time coming up y'all school.

(31m 34s):
I gotta get school clothes. I'm doing a back to school drive for the kids too. I ain't got no money for that. I'm giving my money back to the people that's less fortunate than I'm. That's where my phones go. My phones going in the people who need help the most. Not fans, I mean not family, not friends who want to heat me up 'cause they think I got it and I don't. I'm helping people who can't help they selves. I'm feeding people who can't feed themselves. I'm helping people who get houses who can't have have houses they self. That's what I'm in this far about. And. we can be family, I love you there but if you got a job you helping yourself. I want to help the people who can't help they self. I want to help the children who wanna read but can't afford books.

(32m 18s):
I wanna give them books. I want people who wanna wear clothes but I ain't got no money to give. I wanna put clothes on. That's what we here for. To give back and love one another. I'm teaching my kids right now. They got every game system. It is in the world. They got it. Let's take some of your old things that you no longer using. Let's give it away now. That's hard for 'em. They don't want, my kids don't wanna give a mother thing away and I don't blame them but we got, you understand. I'm trying to teach 'em something man. I'd rather somebody is to have it that can do something with it than for us to have something that ain't doing nothing with it. You know? Understand what I'm saying? So that's where my mind heart at right now is helping people.

(33m 2s):
Even when I didn't have no lights and power, I was still helping people. You know That's what it's about man. If you watching The, Bubba, Dub, Show, we ain't just talk with sports. We talk every day. Live on this mother fucking show and I'm gonna keep it 100 like I told you. The truth gonna sound like hate. It's not hate, it's the truth. It's all it's the truth. And that's what we gonna speak it on here on this show. We gonna speak the truth each and every month. And I know I get on here and lie say the cowboy going into a Super Bowl, I'm lying like a I know I'm cowboys ain't going nowhere. They could. They don't get to twisted. They could but they ain't not right now. I got to see the first five six game. I got to see how that come out.

(33m 43s):
I got to see how Zeke, I got to see how the offense line blocking. I got to see how the D line, I got to see what Michael Parson coming off that motherfucker line like Lawrence thank that's what I got. I got to see the back. I got to see the linebackers. They flying to the balls, they hitting they gap. Got to see the secondaries, they react. I it's a whole lot go into football y'all. We fans, we love it. We expect our team to win every game but it's not, not reality, it's not reality man. You gotta get that film. I watch film. Okay. Y'all don't know I watch film, I watch when certain plays that dag miss or the receiver didn't run the right route. Like it's it's the football is a game of chess man. It's all about mismatches man.

(34m 24s):
I gotta put you in a mismatch. That's why I don't understand. Dallas got a hell of a offense man. It's all about mismatches man. I'm putting see you down and and and in in motion. I'm finna see what kind of motherfucking defense you in. I'm finna see either you in zone or you in man or you in cover one. If you in cover two or cover three, I'm finna see what you in and when I find out what you, I'm thinking you damn right think Kanye West talking about he gonna retire Good. Get your ass out the motherfucking way. You ain't been nothing since you left Kim. Bye. You hear that Goddamn crying. You in up done to school. We don't wanna hear that damn crying Kanye, you gonna damn beat you now we gonna wanna hear you crying.

(35m 5s):
I I suppose you get your rabbit as back in the booth. Get off them damn Zanax get off them prophy that peel. Get your ass back in the booth and start rapping. That's what I seen used to do. Drake, you two, you run around here at this motherfucking white party with Mark Rubin. That's what I don't underst stand by y'all. Y'all run y'all assses down here to this white party dressing and Mark Rubin and all this shit but when we have some for blacks you motherfucker ain't there. But you sure want the blacks to buy your music though. Well we gonna talk about it on this damn show. Is that why Kendrick call you a colonizer? See I you two y'all run to every other motherfucking event but when it's our own you ain't there.

(35m 48s):
Re I'm the motherfucker that's gonna call y'all too. I ain't shaking your hand now. Hell no you ain't 100 and you the same kind of people Malcolm X was talking about. Got to keep it real man. You can go and get your money go and get it. But don't trick us people, people that you know what I'm talking about Broke down and not looking at y'all for hope. Looking up to you. I don't look up to nobody but God yeah I put my faith in nobody but God never put my faith in man. Only God y'all wrong for how y'all do us man me Preston. I don't give a fuck.

(36m 28s):
I see the bullshit. I see the D riding that y'all doing out there too. I see it. Yeah don't be trying to come back over here when not do that. Don't be trying to come Dub ain't gonna have nothing for you. Nothing. I'm watching, I'm seeing what's going on in the world. Y'all are too. Y'all watching y'all seen it. I love when people getting to come and get the hate. I love how y'all get on they ass. I love it. Keep that going. I keep that going. Real talk. We ain't gonna, we ain't gonna stop. Like I told y'all earlier, the Lakers, we ain't gonna get nothing bus job man. Don't nobody wanna come to LA It's a goddamn circus show over there right now man.

(37m 9s):
You mean to tell me we couldn't get no mother free agent to come over there to La Purple and Gold and play with us Who don't wanna play for the motherfucking Laker. Apparently nobody. Kobe Bean Bryant, God Rich, his soul rolling over in his motherfucking basketball court right now in heaven. That's where he at right now, man. Him and Will Will talking about hoes and Kobe talking about how trash the Lakers he is man we might not even make the play out Clippers either. Golden State either. Only the Kings. Kings gonna be all right with the Mar Rose d Aaron Fox with Monk coming off that mother fucking bench.

(37m 55s):
Sacramento, you got a chance? Hey I'm just saying Mike Brown, what you going do? Got the team owe that now somebody else owe there. I can't think of their name. I know y'all gonna get in the conversation. Tell me you forgot about this person. My bad fa I won't forget it again. But Sacramento, Sacramento might be the best team in Cali in California right now. I'm just saying.

(38m 19s):
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you Can. I mean the guy Hood winked everyone. He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.

(39m 30s):
Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss ASAP Rocky I don't Big Sean Camila Cabell Don Cat Dua Lipa. When Stef Halsey er sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Cold Plays Chris Martin Hand more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.

(40m 32s):
My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.

(41m 7s):
I know some of y'all man you trip man. Lakers gonna be alright. Yeah man. Wow. How? Because we still got what we had last year, man. I don't think freshman brought in with Dalton And. we know bro ain't finna play right now. So tell me, how did the motherfucking Lakers get better? Tell me. I wanna know. Tired of losing every year man. I'm tired going to the playing. I'm tired of getting excited and getting swept. Man. I'm tired of this shit. I don't deserve it. Y'all don't deserve it man. Y'all don't deserve this shit man. It just, man, I don't know what's going on man. They, they, they, they, they another thing man.

(41m 51s):
What do y'all curl for? Another man, take your son to get a haircut. Like if your baby mama got a new man, would y'all care if he took him and get a haircut Like my baby mama hit me. You know what I'm saying? And like, you know such and such took to get a haircut. I was hot. I ain't gonna bullshit. I was fish grease hot. How you gonna let another motherfucker take my son to get hurt? Took him to my barber. My barber cut his motherfucking hair. Man. I called the police on my barber. My barber said dope. I called the police on my motherfucking barber. How you gonna cut my son hair and I wasn't you the disrespect for me, I was hurt y'all.

(42m 31s):
I mean I, I was emotional. I just called 9 1 1, I mean not 9 1 1. I called the detective before I knew it man. And, and and told him everything get in the coming section right now. Let me know if I'm wrong for putting the police on my barber for cutting my son her because he let my baby mama boyfriend drain my son to the barber shop and cut his hair man. And got my son her cut exactly like my baby mama boyfriend man I got a ball, I got a orange drop fade. He gave my son a table man. Like my baby mama boyfriend man. I don't, they calling each other twins man. Y'all don't understand how dude feel man. My baby mama so disrespectful man. You know even though she did let me come over and stay when power I, you know what I'm saying, got on the head for me.

(43m 18s):
She disrespect. I I think that just to make me feel good to bug me up for reason why she did me like that man. And I figured yo, come on next time me and that get into it, I'm gonna send him the feeling yo. Yeah look at your, yeah look at your girl my big with me leg up. You snuggling yo. Come here eating popcorn. Come here. I don't know no more y'all. I really don't know what to do man. I know y'all saying dub you should leave or don't mess with her no more. It's easy for you to say y'all ain't been under this kind of pressure. Y'all ain't been under this kind of pressure. My baby mama put me on. I'm talking my boy, she give me a three. Woo.

(43m 58s):
She give your boy a three and I don't know what to do no more y'all. I'm just being real with y'all. Can I be hungry with y'all? I can't live without my baby mama. I'm real. I can't Girl got something on me. I don't know what it is y'all but I'm not going to fight it. I'm not going to fight it. Bill. 26th and 27th of July. I told y'all I'm gonna be in the Bay Area in Pleasanton, California at Tommy t. Go ahead and grab them tickets right now. What you waiting on though? You gonna be at Tommy t? Tommy t absolutely on the 28th I'm be in Sacramento. The mother Rosa might be there at punchline. Pull up, grab ticket right now.

(44m 40s):
Stop waiting, grab them tickets August 8th. I'm in Shreveport, Louisiana with 50 cent. Come, come here, come on. I'm on the big stage and I'm gonna show my mother. I want y'all there. I want my people there in the sta on in in in the arena. When I'm on that stage I want y'all to see history. I want y'all to see this shit. Kat Williams gonna be there. Shout out the cat man. Yeah. Legend Phil Cro Badger Carry on Badger DC Young Fly Badger.

(45m 22s):
I'm out. You should be there too. This is history with 50th. The one guy on street port creating job. This is history Pull off. Do you pull up before I get off this stage? Sha thiefs. You better leave Cameron Maca alone. There ain't no motherfuckers you wanna play around your wig on the internet. They don't play better. Learn how to pick your battles. You know how to pick 'em in that ring but outside that ring. Leave them two motherfuckers alone. They play all day. I'm gonna let you know is what it is. Show Academy Mason, they play all day. Sha Secure. You ain't gonna be able to win that one with them bro. Leave 'em alone Don about you being to win your fights, start back getting, getting excited again and otherwise you ain't finna beat Kevin Mason on no nigga there dog and two OGs boy been making millions since the nineties.

(46m 15s):
Man. Leave 'em alone man. Real talk. Hopefully they'll leave you alone if you leave them alone. I don't think. I don't think neither one of 'em said you couldn't box. They just said you were boring. That's all they said dog. I know you probably took that to heart. I could see that but start knocking Mother 'cause out then you won't be hearing that. You know what I'm saying? People that was talking down on you, they gonna be right there cheering your own or going against you. Either way they gonna be tuning in trying to watch you fam. I guarantee you that. I can bet you bottom dollar on that. Yep. Trash of the day coming up and it's going to no other center point any trash took you so motherfucking long to cut my lights on and everybody else lights on.

(46m 54s):
Everybody else around us had lights except for us. We was in the dark sweating like a honey baked ham neighbor calling me. You all right over there do it motherfucking look like I'm, I ain't got no right, ain't got no, ain't no gas in my car. Do it look like I'm alright. No. Only thing kept me alive when my baby mama head come here. Come on if I gotta go Lord if you going call me, call me get some head then. Boy Mama. I'm tired. Shit. I ain't come here. I ain't, I let y'all say duh. Crap. I'm just being real with y'all man. I miss y'all man.

(47m 34s):
Shit feel good to jump back on here and do my thing and chop it up with y'all and let y'all know what's going on in the sports world or the world. Let y'all know what's going on with me. My show is personal man. I ain't got shit to hide. I keep you a book. Ask me anything. Get in the coming section man. Talk to me. I'm talking back day. I'm letting you know I'm gonna be at this spot. Pull up. Come see your boy Got this ain't trash on deck too. You won't smoke. Holler let me going through some things. Holler let me whatever you going through in life I help you get over it man. Might not better give you no money but I damn so big. I give you something funny.

(48m 15s):
That's a fat Jack And. if you watching this show, you already got the know

(48m 19s):
show up here presented by who? Prize picks go and download the number one sports fantasy app right now in the world right now. Yeah the number one sports big and fantasy app in the world right now is Price Fix. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. T-R-A-S-H-H and you see a first time user they'll match you all the way up to a $100. Yeah. What? Yep, you put a hundred in, they gonna give your hundred how it work more or less. Come on ju. What you mean by more less? It's simple fam. It's simple. I ain't lying. It's real simple. I'm finna show you how you can play this game. You're like this like Tonight Sky Diggin plans, right? They might say Skylar Diggins gonna have 10 or 10 and a half points tonight. You either put more or less. They may have my girl a Angel Wilson have 28 points tonight. You either put more or less. They might have Angel for 12 rebound tonight more or less. That simple. Might have an, they might have Caitlin Clark to hit throw three tonight. More or less. It's that simple. Only way you gonna win on prize pictures if you don't play. Go and download prize picks right now. Use my promo code trash. T-R-A-S-H-H. Go and download it right now man. Only way you gonna win. You gonna play baby. I'm telling you boy. I'm winning over. Look, you can spend $10 or $15 and win 1500. You can't do that. No else for prize pick. You can't do it. No, I know some of y'all been playing and some of you been winning. Y'all been hitting me up Dub man. I won such and such. Good man. Keep it going. I ain't gonna steer you wrong. I'm gonna steer you right every time baby.

(49m 59s):
It's the bubble over on the Volume. Keep toing in. Keep blocking in. What you boy? Yeah, keep hitting that button. I ain't gonna say it no more. I keep hitting them buttons. You know what buttons to hit. Yeah, keep hitting them. Make sure you hit the shower button more than anything. Hit the shower button. Share it with your pastor, your deacon, your mama, your grandma. Your ain share with all. They don't matter. Share with them. You sure ain Women. You women sir than me. You. Yes sir. Share everything else sir. Thank y'all for tuning in. Watching the bubble do show I see y'all when I see y'all. But cut them motherfucking notifications on right now. I'm watching, I'm looking.

(50m 40s):
I'm looking low. Y'all better cut them notifications on so when I drop, you know I'm coming now I see P, The Volume.

(50m 55s):
Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast. Deep Cover out now. All about George Santos. That's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else and how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.

(51m 27s):
Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean Camila Cabal, Doja Cat j Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.

(51m 58s):
My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me when You graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the Ad Council.