
You're listening To an iHeart podcast. How to Have Fun Anytime, anywhere, step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa Welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash Your Excitement. Woohoo. Chba. Cheba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cumba life. Visit cheba casino.com. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void for prohibited by Law 21 plus terms and conditions apply. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace.


The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5. Because we have all of the hip music but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love The station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa snap. I won kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5 The volume.


Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show everybody. Hopefully everybody had a good day. If you didn't, I don't give a damn. I did But we gonna start the show. I was them big bad ass Mike L. Pace Jail. They we going down to New York City. New York City. That's where they went. Played the five Borough Rat Nicks in more and overtime. 1 38 to 1 35. And before I talk about what Mike L. Pace did, I'm gonna talk about what the New York Knicks didn't do. They went to the free throw line all time.


Indiana only went 28. Do you hear me? I said the New York Knicks went to the free throw line tonight about eight times. Indiana Pacers only went 28 and you still lose the New York nigga Boxers was up 17 point and you still lose. Took a point of a little throwback history. Remember when Reggie Miller did the choke sign? Well Haliburton did the same thing the night. Come here y'all choking them thing in New York. Y'all supposed to be the big bad fish but you're not. New York Knicks had victory written all over this game tonight and they fucking leg getaway all them stars in the building.


Ka Melo and that motherfucker JR Smith in that motherfucker. So I knew that a ring smell like street weed and I wish I was there. You got Melo JR. J you got every mother fucking motherfuck store in New York. They at the game that Joe. He ain't that no more. He little Joe. They in the building. All the nicks every day. My boss that's rolling over in spaghetti got a spaghetti sauce right now.


Them motherfucking old mob about the spirit. The souls. Are they feeling good? Hell they think they still running numbers. Colombo, Gotti host Deante. Come on Even Bump Johnson Rolling over in this grave right now. Thinking by New York losing the game tonight. My daughter was at the game. You didn't know what she was 'cause you had no makeup on. You ever seen a chicken when got flower? That's how McDonald look. I love you McDonald but God damnit. That's how you look to me like a chicken got the flower on you yet you very pale.


What the New York you talking Jalen Bronson gave fog three. Three Big cat gave him 35 and you still find a way to lose turnovers. Nixon had 15 turnovers. Ace was only had seven. See this is what you call real NBA playout basketball right here. This was one of them games tonight as a fan of the sport you just have to sit back and just all this shit. Bronson going down court doing what he do then you got Holburn doing what he do And he wasn't even a, he wrote the game.


Nema Smith was the hero of the game. Eight three. I thought it was. I thought it was rich. Bu what? Who fuck what Steve come do. You help me. Nicks had the game up. Everybody excited them boys in. They were, they didn't want the camera on but them boy eating glazes in there. You know y'all New Yorkers though. Damn ain't wear y'all eat them corny dolls from you. They ain't still making them for for nothing. So that mean y'all ass is eating them late night wearing template boots with Avery's jackets C Y'all overgrown niggas foot long too.


I know you. We at the kid with the park with the kids. Quit blaming on them goddamn kids. Y'all love them for long but the nigga lost tonight at home up 17 motherfucking points. Heavy rat in The city will hitting the strip club tonight. Do you hear me? Motherfucker rat. What's going be in the strip club tonight Making the rain cheese baby. But then y'all had to fuck it up at the old school. He had old old school in there. Wal Fraser motherfucker can barely walk to the refrigerator but shit, when he get them black Cameron at you, he walking around like ain't nothing names but the Indiana Pacers is a real team.


Ain't no giving up. Don't matter how far we down, we going to keep going to the clock. C zero that were real teams too. Patriot coulda gave up when there were three niggas left, there were down 12 took a packed in. That's how you gotta apply that shit to your life. You ain't did shit. You ain't everything you touched ain't been you. You just been folding. But tomorrow everything could be what Golden tomorrow everything could be golden. You know the pace of sold, you ain't no giving up. Even though The city of Indiana going through something right now. The Indianapolis coach only Jim Rse AKA pop.


I mean pill pop doctor, they was a philanthropist owner. All that pill pop. Everything 65 come here. That's how quick it is. Good lord can call you. Come here billionaire don out when you show time he show time five people. Jim Mer say man I know he changed a lot of people lives man. Whether it was white, black, whatever you were, I know he changed a lot of people lives. I don't know him personally, I just know he was an NFL owner. You know cool guy from when out here, You know love to party.


Hey we all love to do that. I'm just wanting say condolences to to, to to my coach fans 'cause y'all don't know how the team going to go right now. You know what I'm saying? Like You know you got fans that's 60, 70 years with the team and now he's up and they might sell it to you just never know how it's gonna go. But I know The city nap time going through it right now man. So prayers to them, prayers to anybody on here lost any family members friends or whatever it is. Man. Prayer. See y'all man, You know, You know prayers man. You know the prayers of the righteous available much and just so much on any of the patience of secrets going through. I so I think this win tonight would kind of, You know what I'm saying, help 'em out for as how they feeling right now in The city.


But great game overall just great Mother Brunson 43 3 can't give you 30 y'all. But they didn't but what they did in they law ha went out and took care of motherfucking business. Now the rats was ready, the rats was ready. They had they anthem. We from New York, new and I from New York. That's what the rats was ready to do but he didn't happen.


I know my New York nick fan sick right now. My partner Ma ma Lucha. I know he's sick. Know my partner Crenshaw happy right now. I know Mike El happy right now. I know Ray. I know my people in the nap. Happy right now man. Yeah my boy ate. I Hey baby. Hey I know you up there in gym gonna be. Hey I I I'm just saying man shout out to my people from the, from the Midwest man. If you ain't never been to the nap, you need to pull up Man. The city showed me a bunch of love and You know I'm rocking with them as well but man this game here tonight was just one of them gangs. Man. You can get sick back.


You know me, I smoking me on that. This ain't track. Come on. I you come down lake me up. This ain't real tall. I'm telling I don't even know where I'm at right now. See I think I'm in North Dakota. I'm just telling, I'm feeling real lucky. Just being real with y'all tonight though man. But never go less though mans. I told all my new subscribers man that's been tuning in, been coming, been sharing my shit man. I see all that shit y'all doing man. We appreciate all, we on the bubble dub show man. We, we really do man. You know I just like having fun. I don't know about y'all man.


I be having fun. I'd just sit back watching what's going on. Especially what's going on in the world today. Especially with these new women. These new women different, You know back in the day growing up watching our uncles and our, You know our parents, You know they, they would let the men run the streets. They would be at the motherfucking house with the kids cooking, cleaning or whatever they else they were doing. Did they once you leave them leaving too? No fuck be at the house. You Think you out hell in business shooting ball, whatever you doing in the street getting it GI know boy at the house. Shit not You know motherfuckers they at the eye getting waxed, getting the nails done, hair done or shopping but them see no such thing as real love No motherfucking mo do you ain't no motherfucking sustain is real drugs.


Baby mama done suck me fucking dry. Every text messages I get from that baldhead hoe cash out me now that's all I get. Cash out me now. Damn. I support killing Doug. It was good when I was getting it but God I ain't feeling in no goddamn I Think you might sound no my right but I don't wanna do that. I wanna be a father. I wanna teach my son how to play soccer. Real talk. I'm not. I told her I'm not buying none of them, them Nike or giggles. I'm not buying none of that shit. You gonna work the same goddamn thing. Lil Jose work come here.


He ain't drinking water. You ain't drinking. Even though I know Mexicans got two hearts. God damnit my son ain't drinking no Waller. You gonna get out there and God damnit we going do soccer all goddamn thing. I ain't raising no basketball player. I ain't raising no football players. I ain't raising, I ain't raising no baseball player. Them boys cows. I'm raising men. We playing soccer, we putting foot as, I ain't got no fool at my house but I know them Mexicans do and I know if I can get my son right along, You know with my essay, You know I love your home God damnit tortilla milk port over down cream too and SSO come.


Don't you be shy. We either godda come here. I'm not raising none of that. I'm raising a soccer player right now man. And feeling good right now man. I ain't gonna lie to you man. I'm not looking suburban neighborhood now and shit man. You know, You know thing when you do that You know you be part of the HOA, You know what I'm saying? The house and shit and shit. You know I'm neighborhood. I'm Neighborhood Watch keep around this motherfucker too. Hey real talk. I'm Neighborhood Watch on your ass boy. What you doing here? Shit, we gonna ride. We ain't riding SW through here. We ain't no swingers running up and down this goddamn nfo ain't no candy paints ain't no live music, no none of that, none of that going on out.


You know so as soon as I heard the police on they goddamn damn white disturbing nigga peace. I'm filing a complaint. Every neighbor in this motherfucker filing a complaint. What you doing over here Andre? I know your kind and amm stereotyping too. Damn right. What dub do? Yeah, too much shit going on around here. I'm tell y'all ladies something too and fellas too. Especially by these women. It's hobo season these motherfucking hoes. They mens them pulled them out. They can't go back to their momma house because that's where they were horing at first. So they ain't got nowhere to go right now these hoes ain't got nowhere to go.


They trying to find a man who got something going for theirself and just move in. Don't you let them baldheaded musty cat and ho lying out they and ho move in with you. Don't you do it, stick to your motherfucking guns. My G stick to 'cause it's some of the baggie of the baggies out there and they coming. It's like Lord I can't believe it's real. It's real bad. Motherfucker in The city won't you? But the bad bitch in The city ain't got no house. Oh got that's fine. Lips to it. Come here boy. You moving up And I been damn.


Hell no. My water bill $70. You move in. That's gonna, that's gonna go to one 15 and I ain't got it hoe you supposed to help me save. You supposed to help me save this paper. You become a burden to me. I'm gonna take you to the good Lord. I'm gonna take you to the good. You deliver her from me. I ain't been this same since I since my best eagle died. You know what I'm saying? I ain't been, I ain't been to same since then. I see my best eagle ever died on your boy.


I showed to a motherfucking funeral boy. I played my role. I respectful. They didn't know who I was. I hung around and said I was a good friend and shit man and man nigga some of the best chickens would get. I ate in my goddamn life at that repas. I had folks to go place. I was crying. I was I crying the kids and that motherfucker. I'm telling you the truth. There ain't no goddamn joking matter tonight. I'm being my best here. Dr. Ought me die right along well talking about a motherfucker who will come. Stress reliever when you having a bad day and you got fired from your job and child support don't serve you again and your mama don't want to talk to your daddy.


Don't tell you he can't do nothing right the whole day. But this best Eagle come through and save that day. Come I love you baby Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino Prohibited by Motherfucker Mr.


Hot Plate. She'll bring to a nigga man with the four paper on that motherfucker man. Hey friend. That's how she tied to hey friend, she had let hair on her chin. That's why I liked her 'cause the women with heroin on their chin ain't got the bitch ever. Don't you argue with me either nigga argue with your mama. Th with your mama nigga the women with this split hair up on her got that I be PI to play with that little motherfucker wiggle too man. I start, I told her I want here with some Beijing jean on that motherfucker but, but You know what I'm saying, she man best either boy ever boy. I'm talking about route with it. Get up in that. Go down and you ain't even got to tell her You know you ain't going hard.


My phone ringing. It is my mama. This is the favorite woman beside my kid in the world of me. My mama call and I I'm busy. I'm god damn bothering me right now. I got shit to do. Hell you nice. Hope I see yo trying to latch onto you now ladies you go bump to some real niggas yell. I got got the car Jerry Teeth white like mine kill you gonna beat your hand on some   you gonna thank God something to you. Well best this motherfucker ain't got no house either.


Can't go get mama house because baby mama must be looking for one now you should stay with his homeboy. He don't wanna pay no bills. So you at last resort. So he gonna put that me on your Yeah sausage on the stick. He gonna put it on your real at first. You like You know we just kicking it out. He ain't moving in. That's what you think when fam bring that PS five it's around. That's his how now At least when you ain't there when you leave on the phone with your partner. Me Casa asked Sue caa. Yeah yo, I think SueAnn cooking taco tonight bro. Maybe no way you should pull up.


That's when she found out. She fucking will go warn men and ladies Is hobo season. Oh is hobo season baby? Yeah you're, that's what you Think you got. Yeah man, not really got yourself it thing. That's all I saying. Pay attention to what's going on man. If you're just not watching this show, you better know it's being presented by a prospect. Yeah the number one sports fantasy app in the game right now today. Use my promo code if you ain't already used it.


What happen if I use your promo code though? Oh you get discounted Real talk. But now even that they doing a three pick flex right now for $5. You can do it up to five times a day. You gotta go to May 31st. So what's the kick ell? Well the kick is this, you got a chance of going to the NBA championship game plus one. That mean tow tickets Court side could bigger to be pass. Could be the Wolves or could it be Cat Thunder or whoever. It's, it could be you and maybe your girl, maybe your homeboy or your dad, whoever. But you only can do it at prize pics baby. Real talk. And if you're watching this show and if you're watching right now but sometimes you might not be able to watch it.


You might be at work and and you don't know what to do. Go to Apple Podcast, do a Spotify type in the bubble do show boom there I am because You know I'm talking about sports, You know I'm talking about the culture. Don't I be out there at the police station telling them everybody I think that's what I be doing. I be telling them Tory home, we Tory, Tory Lane, we praying for you fa keep, don't let him know. Keep your guard up. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. We praying for you man. Praying for anybody that's behind them boys. They ain't done nothing man. You know that's, that's word of beating hell behind now.


You know what I'm saying Man for y'all come home man. All you real thug ass niggas who, who harm people and harm kids and and and women and whoever. Whoever you want. Stay your knee. Hope your ass don't come home. No hope somebody got your old lady got your sister right now. Built up like a pressure giving them the hang on nigga ain't even Thanksgiving. He look for Ham but any little petty crime motherfuckers in jail for. I feel like they should let them people come home man. I feel like they should let them people come home. That just, that just, You know check out to Chris Breezy he home. You know I let my ma mans come home on a $6 million bond.


Oh they taxing. They taxing in the uk. Trump hit with them. Terrorists come here. They taxing the Trump. So you say you ain't gonna let nothing happen to us, us citizen. You got it. I want you to, to tax 'em then commit one time my people in Tampa Bay. I know you saw that ad before. We beat get get them tickets. Tampa Bay. I'm waiting on you. Yeah, two sure. One at seven. One at nine. Funny Bone on the 20 April to my age time people. Y'all been asking, I'm gonna be down here at the Houston in Improv July 4th through July 6th. Tickets is available right now.


Come here. Yeah come here. Boho. We we we selling them all out. We selling them all out. I ain't lying. FaceTime is my sick watch. You watch you watch the Houston this. They don't play about me. You think I'm they going to play about watch what they do. They coming. You better be coming too. I be seeing y'all in the coming. I appreciate the mother love. Everybody give to me 'cause I'm gonna give it back to you. God dammit. Let's take it to another level. Ace Town. Let's take it to another level Greensboro. I see y'all real soon.


I be seeing y'all getting tickets earlier. God keep getting until they ain't no more. You do that. I I guarantee you my fans, my real fans that support me. If y'all go out and get these tickets when I'm coming to y'all city, we selling these shows out. I'm letting You know right now. Come Christmas time you going to have so many goddamn gifts under there. You ain't gonna know what to do. Will do. You hear me? I went from having no gifts, no phone call, no friend nothing. Took a phone off the hood. Now they wanna talk to do now.


Six months ago I couldn't get a meme album. Now they won't talk. They long winded. They long winded now. That's why I always keep preaching and hey, where you was is where you at. As long as you got that man up above you going to always be all right real talk. So keep on living your life, let 'em keep downplaying your life. You got a little car, little a house and a little job and a little money. But you ain't got neither. But all I got is the little faith and I got something all you need. What you say?


You got to have a faith of a muscle seat. I don't think y'all understand what I'm telling y'all tonight. What I'm simply telling you is man, you can do anything in this world you want to do. Put your mind to it. Long as it's positive it will happen. Don't doubt yourself. Oh no. When you got him, ain't no doubt you go and do it. June 27th, June 28th, Greensboro, North Carolina. I need all my North Carolinas at in that area to go and grab them tickets. And now on that 29th I'm gonna be in Charlotte. Yeah y'all come so I'm gonna be in North Carolina the whole weekend baby.


Find inside. I mean green. I'm in shot and I'm going to stats afterwards. You ain't never been to Charlotte, North Carolina. You got go to stats. I'm a God IP now. Right. Got a call today. Hey fa need you pull up here right quick. Lord got me pull over. Can you just come up here and let 'em know that me and you found we good? My cousin, I'm, I'm in the big I'm doing right now. I'm helping people out. I drive up like officers to know me from previous situation.


You know my good talking ass. I know all the dispatchers by they name. They they know we, we know each other. I get there, I walk up slowly 'cause I know the procedures. Hey You know each guy? Yeah, I know him. What's going on? Well You know he had a gun. Huh? I know he had a gun. You know he wasn't arrested. Nah, I ain't know all that. Well. You know he do cocaine. I I ain't never seen him do it. You mean he always playing with his nose. But I ain't never seen him do no powder. I ain't never seen him nothing around me. Well he got eight ounces on him. He like what? He said, yeah sir. You got about eight ounce on lock that motherfucker up.


I said can I say something to him? I walked to him. I said, you, you, you, you, you son of a put my neck out on the line for you and you got guns dope. You a   boy. He looking at me like he don't know what I'm talking about. He will when we go to trial, he will know what the fuck I'm talking about. Then I bet you that be your own friends that do your end. Man I got a legacy man. I got a good upstanding name in the streets and you call on me and you play me like I'm a th man. You play me like I'm a mother and, and I don't like it.


Don't play with me, play with your and the words are those don't play with me. Play with your, come on now man. Now am I'm right. Am I'm wrong. That's all I want to know. Am I'm right? Am I'm wrong man, but don't forget to, I told y'all all night, what's going on man? Got a cousin. This nigga robbed of trends. Who in the fuck in they right mind robbing of trends calling me. Bam. I got some shit from of I don't owe a motherfucking thankful Secret Tree. And ain't nothing wrong with Sugar Trend. Let me say that by the way.


I used to rock it. Yeah. Every Friday night I was looking for me a little fit up in that motherfucker. I ain't going lie. That's one thing about me. If I come from it and I come from it, if I dig it, I dig it. But what mother today robbing Ry calling me. Bam. I got this, I got that. Damn. Oh as nigga you buy it from the mother motherfucker. White people buy that design and shit that, but yeah right now You know why I'm at Nigga man. I for, oh man, I I, I Finn I finna come down through a bit. The police down on that whole ass.


Nevermind, fuck that nigga out here stealing this shit. Who's stealing around 11:30 AM in the morning. Man, come on man. I I can't have that. I send some folks down there that got him. I know where he at. He in a good place. He going to eat three times a day. Push up. He can read his books. He he can, he can get some help in there. He can't get no help out here in these streets. Man. That's the best I could do for him. Get him two or three months rehab and and shit. Nigga what it is. Y'all could say I'm a whole ass nigga. I know that. And and I'm okay with that. I still sleep good knowing I'm a whole ass nigga that I know. I put cousins in jail. Don't I put you in jail? You fuck up with me. I'm, I'm just saying I love you. I put jazz in jail too.


So that's one thing we gonna do. We ain't out here fucking up. That ain't what we gonna do. We ain't gonna spend our time out here fucking up. We're gonna spend our time out here making the count. We gonna spend our time out here. Especially, I'm talking to myself as well. It's been a pillar in the community. Giving back consistently, making sure my money that I'm giving is really touching the families in these streets that need it. These real single parent homes. Whether it's a woman, whether it's a male. We really need to help our people. And I feel like that's one of my jobs. That's why I'm working so hard to do. I can't save everybody. It's not forget, hopefully I get other men or women to come in and join me on what I got going on and, and, and providing for the these children.


And I'm not just saying provide for just all black. I'm, I'm gonna provide for all the people that's in the community that's in the hood. So if it's white babies in the hood and God damnit they getting taken care of too. That's what I'm talking about man. We ain't looking at color, we looking at the character of people. Man. That's all you got to do. Color ain't shit. It's the characters. What's inside these motherfuckers that make motherfucker be your real friend when she get down man, somebody trying to kill me dog. Oh man, what I do man, I wanna be with you. That's the goddamn friend I want with me. Some of these motherfucker niggas, they supposed to protect you but they ducking and hiding and shit.


But when you're paying for everything, the niggas all smiles in front the camera and all that. Nick pay your attention to your circle. Everybody ain't who they say they are. I promise you that. If you got some solid ones, you keep 'em with the rest of you. Let 'em go square business. Like I took Indiana places man. Put it on the Knicks ass tonight. Game two coming up. What you going do aunt man? What you going motherfucking do fam? You gonna come back, you gonna get your lick back. You. That's what aunt man you going get your lick back. What? I wanna know you say you the best in the league. Godda.


Let's see it because I'm Mike Cuney Jr. That's what I'm telling that young nigga. You say you the best. You say you better than mj. Goddammit show me. I don't give a damn what you did last year Reed. I need now I Barbara Lynn told me earlier, nigga you gave me that good sweet meat last week. I want it today. I ain't got my honey pack with me. I thought once Super got the spear was hell no. Well I ain't here. You want what you got last week.


You better be there. You better hope you get anything from me. Some days I be wanting choke barber in. I do. I ain't gonna lie. Oh, stop paying. Damn the greens burning. Go in and get the greens. I look our ass up. Thank y'all watching tonight show man. I appreciate the love. Let's get the EVs up. Let's get the lights up. Jumping the coming section. Got the merch shirts ready. Yeah, I got my merch ready. I got my merch back ready. Rock and roll. I'm gonna put the shirt back up there against the dumpster truck. You know what I'm saying? Trash. Hey man, let's, let's, let's do it and have a good week.


Don't let that devil get in you and and stop you from what you trying to do. You might supposed to go out there and mow the yard. You ain't mow the yard. You been procrast. Don't let that devil stop you from taking care of business. Mow their yard man. Mow that mother yard dog. Yeah, feed them dogs man. Feed them dog. My people back home. Feed them houses man. Feed them motherfucking horses. Horse feed dog. Not dog food man. Feed them horses. Horse feed man. Give 'em horses some fertilizer with their hay man. Give 'em some water. Bathe them horses sometime man. Rotten motherfuckers.


Them a CV smoking them horses man. I know six horses down in these Texas that had heart attacks behind them. ATVs. I'm finna shut that shit down. Spooking the horses nigga. Spooking the horses spooking the kids. If you're spooking the kids, you're spooking out the horse. That's my time of mind. I catch out tomorrow. The volume. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.