
Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin? Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered, offering free or low cost counseling service. To help potential home buyers and current homeowners, there are nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you, visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


The Volume. Yeah. Come on in. Y'all come on in Wednesday night story time with your boy Bubba. Do welcome. Y'all know how I do things over here on my show. Go on and hit the like button y'all in for a treat tonight. Go on and hit the like button. Go on and hit the subscribe button right now. I'm feeling good right now. I know you feeling good right now 'cause there ain't nothing else on TV right now. Ain't nothing else on TV worth watching but me Damnit here. I'm now what I want to talk about.


Talk about tonight ladies and gentlemen. Studs. If I got a couple on here tonight, I want to talk about somebody been lying to me. What's going on? Yeah. My whole life, all I ever heard was the jailhouse had the worst food ever. It's trash. If that's the case, why these niggas keep gaining all this damn weight? I look at Young Thug. Young Thug was 40 pounds soaking with now he the same size as when he played on Big Mamas. But jail have fool trash. Stop it. Somebody been lying to me and it's going to end right here tonight.


It's gonna end right here night. Now y'all told me what Jerry Jones told us that D Prescott was one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. Somebody lying to me. He could best at throwing inception. He could best at throwing to the opposing teams. That's what that good at. Give Turner the damn ball over. But we supposed to feel sorry for him as fans. We got to chill out and relax. We've been waiting eight, nine damn years on the Cogo. He just like Santa Claus. He never show up when we need him to.


I've been waiting on Santa Claus my whole damn life waiting on him. Me and the ration. Roaches been waiting up on Santa to come down here and get these cookies and milk and his fat ass ain't never showed up. That's Dak. It's salmon. It ain't real. Dak Prescott a fire drill seem real but never really real. Got some frustrations going on tonight. I've been going to therapy for for for my anger issues with the cowboy. Losing Ain't nothing a damn strength therapist can do for me right now. It is what it is.


Know how y'all feeling? Yep. You see what you see. I'm running everybody else jersey because I'm trying to cope with my losses. I done lost too much damn money so far this year on them Dallas Cowboys. I come on here to vent hell I done win the whole betting on them damn bars but this Wednesday night nevertheless we gonna learn something tonight. Motherfuckers be lying for no damn reason y'all got them. I got them. Don't be lying for no damn reason and I'm sick of it. They lie of you in your motherfucking face too.


Bam. You got $20 I can borrow. Nah I ain't got it lying like a motherfucker. Then you see him 30 minutes later over here at the dope house buying grams. Nigga I asked you did you have 20 you said you ain't have it but you over here buying that's a be Yeah 20 smoke. I ain't gonna lie. You gonna give me that high 20. I was gonna come over here and gram make out for my people but ba check out to my people that's on this live right here tonight man. People be lying for no damn reason. I remember when I went to jail, true story.


I went to jail, I was gonna be in jail six months. I asked my girl, I said baby I'm gonna be gone six months. Don't lie to me. Can you stay faithful until I'm gone. She said baby I ain't never cheated on you and I never will. I'm feeling good. Okay eight hours go by shit. Okay cool. I ain't tripping. I got six months, I ain't doing no good The next time I call home when I heard my cousin answer my phone at my motherfucking house, I knew then I was coming home and just like I told him bam you at my crib. Oh man it ain't like that. I just came over to help, help with the fire stick. Okay but remember this nigga where you at is where I'm about to be and where I made is where you a finna be and I made that dream come true.


You ain't got no motherfucking business being at my girl house dog. I don't play that dog. You ain't going there to fish no fire stink. You over there get in that cat. So when I put him in jail my whole family mad at me. You ain't right. You evil. How could you do your cousin like that? How could he do me like that nigga laid up in my bed of my motherfucking her mattress that I done went down there and stole from Walmart. I did that. I broke in, got the, her mattress brought back to the crib early up. Told my girl lay your big head ass down now you ain't got to sleep on the floor no more. We got an her mattress but you over there with the fire stick.


Stop it. Stop it. But I'm the but I'm the bad person though. I ain't done nothing wrong y'all I a figure go do them six months. I was gonna eagle six months. I gotta take that. But when I call home you answer my motherfucking phone like everything good. No it's mine. I don't like nobody in my family not behind that. I don't go to family reunion. I don't, I don't, I don't rock with them. I asked my girl don't lie to me. Did you sleep with my cousin? Just a no. She said I ain't gonna lie did you? And she said she fell it in her chest.


I passed out. What kind of meat do a nigga got for you to feel it in your motherfucking chest? That's what my girl told me that my cousin Meek would hit them motherfucking chest. I passed out after them God comments I knew then I could never have him back on the streets again. Me in the chest having looking as s Know, you know you know what that do your mind, your brain. Every time me and my girl having sex she telling me, you know what I'm saying? She telling me, you know what I'm saying? She feeling it. Come on man.


Come on baby. You ain't got, you ain't got to do me like that. You ain't, you know you ain't failed my shit in your motherfucking chest. That's heartburn hoe. And you know it but I'm the bad guy. You know I'm the bad guy. Everybody do me wrong but I but I'm the behind. Okay. I'm tender. Okay. I'm so motherfucking what we go on a date you give me a kiss on the cheek. Woo woo. I'm I'm gonna call everybody. I know we go together now that's just me but I ain't no bad person though. I ain't got here sexual assaulting people and all that.


Never see we praise the people who do bad to people and the people who do good. Y'all downers, I'm a down in my family. Everybody want to push on me, make me do this and that things I don't really want to do. But see when I toughen up, when I get some nuts and start going to the police, all of a sudden now I'm the bad guy. I ain't right now I'm finna dis straightening them around here and I'm sick of my cousin them I'm sick of y'all calling getting over on my grandma. Telling my grandma y'all ain't, y'all ain't on that dope no more and you lying nigga. My cousin went to my grandma house and stole all her damn pills.


My grandma back hurting can't sleep to and turn she ain't got no more pain med because my cousin done fucking stole them. Not my anger. Well well you know he just needs some help. We gonna, we gonna try to put him in rehab. I'm gonna put that nigga in jail. He not gonna no rehab no more. No y'all always wanna baby him. I'm not baby him no more. His ass going to jail Grandma on her can't even motherfucking open her eyes 'cause she ain't so much mother can pain. She can't get her old fag ass nothing and cook me no greens and red beans and rye because how she in pain I won't get red beans and rye.


I want them green corn bread. Poor child. I wanna eat some of that but I can't because she can't get out the bed 'cause she in pain because grandson done stole all her damn pills. Now if you gonna steal a damn pill, let's make some money for him. That's all I'm saying. I got some Knix. You got some Knix, we can get it in like that. And your sister grandma suffering in the way she's suffering right now. At least I coulda got some money off of her. I'm dealing with all this now I'm dealing with the Lakers. Damn doing a damn thing tonight and went down there in Cleveland and Lake a damn head.


DeAngelo Russell when you gonna show up fam you ain't sold up yet looking like gold dust with that damn blunt her don't start this shit. You start out good you see that's what I don't like you start out teasing me good man Lakers looking real good man. Now y'all right back like y'all wore last year Bullshitting just like your kids when you, when you tell your kids get up in the morning, brush the teeth, get ready for school and now 20 minutes later you go on there, they're still in the bed. Bullshit. Get your ass up out their bed.


Some of you niggas watching this show now got grown kids y'all, you and your wife go to work, come back home. Your kids still there ain't did shit all motherfucking day. Got they hand out and telling you they hungry nigga you 2324 get your ass out somewhere and get you a damn job. You big niggas at the reunion nigga don't wanna work but they gonna go man it's hard out here know it ain't nigga you gonna wanna work, you want somebody to give your ass something. Ain't no if you watching my show right now you in your 40 fives enough fifties enough. Stop taking care of them kids that and help they self. It's time to let them motherfuckers go.


It's time to let him go. My grandma got my cousin down there living with her rent free. He ain't paid now another motherfucking bill and you gonna steal from granny and all your mama baldheaded ass and say he we gonna send in the rehab. I'm like I'm sitting in the jail ain't it? And I hope you watching this motherfucking show when I get Wolf or Win wherever he at, that's where the police going. Let me get to the show. I'm sorry y'all need to get that guy off my chest so fuck it. Sure. Who do y'all got y'all MVP. Who do you, who is the N-F-L-M-V-P so far this season I gotta go with Lamar Jackson.


Yeah 17 touchdown two picks 81 carriage. 501 yards over 2099 pass yard right now if the season ended right now is going Lamar Jackson the same Lamar Jackson that negotiated his own contract. White boys up top didn't like that shit. Who this goddamn color coming in here talking about they don't need a damn agent and he's gonna represent his self. Them good old boys up there didn't like that. They don't like Lamar but Lamar bald Lamar said I don't need no damn agent getting 10 20% from me. I'm gonna keep all this bread to my damn self And you know what I'm loving it.


I'm rough it sometimes you got to do shit by yourself. Sometimes you want a little help and it's okay to get some help but sometimes you know what, stay your ass where you at do bad by my damn self. So I feel sometimes y'all ever see me in the grizzly burn the fight po hungry on me. I don't need no damn help. I'm gonna repeat it one more time. You ever see me in the grizzly burn? In the fight po hungry on me. I don't need no damn help. You can't catch no fish trying to wash my line nigga. That's why I tell people you can't catch no fish. Trying to watch my line, watch your own.


So I got Lamar two, I got Jerry Goff, what he doing with Detroit right now? I got Jerry Goff number two three Patrick Mme Holmes even though he ain't played that great but it's team seven in. Oh I I gotta put the zebra in now but this a different kind of zebra. See most zebras they can thrive in a safari but this zebra can can thrive even anywhere. And he from East Texas too just like me That damn pat Mahome something different. Papa home different. They didn't really wanna like him at first and you know I'm keeping him 100. They still don't really like this motherfucker. But he's he white too.


He a don fuck but he white so he get the benefit of the doubt. We ain't never in our life if you watching the show right now, we ain't never seen nobody like Pat Patrick Mahon. I know some of y'all don't like but we ain't never seen nothing like him. Yes Tom Brady is the goat right now. I I'm he go but this sere motherfucker right here give him one more or two mre. Damn it he ain't Tom Brady no damn mo. I'm just being real. Tom Brady is the greatest football champion that's ever lived. But I can't sit up here and say he the greatest football player that ever played the game.


I can't say it. I'm sorry I can't say it but Greg, champion Tom ever. Reagan is the, is the go of that. Just like how I feel about Jordan. Jordan probably the best basketball player ever. It took me a lot to say that shit. But LeBron James is the best complete basketball player ever. Two different categories. Both of 'em goats to me. You got Jordan, I'm not arguing you got LeBron. I'm not arguing with you no more. You can't win no argument with them Jordan fans. Them niggas will fight, shoot all that against you.


Shit. That's why I'm, that's why I say it's two goats now. Nigga waiting on waiting on me outside the barber side because I said LeBron was the goat shit I won't say that no more in no damn barbershop. Who could goat Joy and I get back in my car and get down that road and get on this internet. I'm gonna say LeBron but in your face I'm a agree with you. I with in your face because I can't fight. I ain't about that lie but when I get by myself motherfuckers wherever you want it to be, it's whatever you wanna be when I ain't nowhere close to you but as long as I'm me to you damn Jordan go. I ain't never seen nothing like him dead in my life. But when I come around my motherfucking show it's this LeBron James all day


Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin. Let's make home to go. Hey this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There are nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you, visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


I am just being real best basketball player ever. Probably joined but complete player LeBron and I don't think it shouldn't even be. They shouldn't even be nothing argue about about that. But on the flip side, just keeping the 100 us as people that's watching the show, white people, I'm gonna get to you in a minute but this as black people, we ought to be thankful that we got some of the most greatest basketball players to ever play the game and they black man you understand? But it, we took over golf for a little while. Tiger was something different. Tiger didn't, I ain't gonna say he wasn't black but I wasn't trying any that shit Nickel.


Yeah Tiger. We forgot about you saying you one black nickel but you went over there and you took over there for a little while. Now them white boys don't come back and took that shit over them Goddamn white boys shooting golf at nighttime now they you know ain't top shit white boys y'all colors. Y'all ain't finna just rung every damn thing. Now we gotta bring this shit on back. Them white boys done took golf back over Tiger Wool can't win shit now Why? Because they smart. They took the holes from him. See them holes had Tiger Rung like Tiger. Tony the tiger, them Frosty flakes creep now he took them holes away from Tiger.


He ain't nothing bug a damn turtle. Best I know allegedly D Knix was on PDs. So if I'm Tiger and my back hurting every other day and I'm doing all that nigga I gonnaa take some pd. Who? Who testing for PDs in golf. Who testing for PDs in golf nigga nobody. I'm on Ps I keep telling y'all that I'm on right now. Look that bang in my own shit nigga.


Ain't nothing but Penis, metals, penis Mels I take it, I take it around the clock too. My girl gonna know what got into me shit. The PDs inside me. I'm gonna be inside you too. I like this new do I know you do. I'm starting to like this new me I'm doing shit. I'm doing moves I ain't never did before shit. I ain't know my body can move like that. My my pelvis area shit better than ever. Stronger than ever. Shit y'all wanna get on these PS holler me I damn what kind of PD on?


I've been telling y'all fors longest. I've been telling y'all what I've been on this shit working too. I ain't bullshitting this shit working right now watching this show man.


Then you gotta know this show being presented by Prize Fix. Y'all real talk man. My first time users, you know you put $5 in, you get $50 instantly use my promo code down below trash with the two Hs and yeah it's more or less on your favorite player over there, over that prize pictures just real simple more or less on your favorite player on their stats. Yeah they got baseball going on right now too as well. Yankees, Yankee said ain't over yet. Yankee said ain't over to this fucking over. Oh yeah y'all need to catch up on their baseball right now. Yankees and them Dodgers going in it Yankees down three one but they up right now. Could they, could it be a comeback? I don't know. I feel like the Dodge gonna win this series but this game tonight I feel like the Yankees gonna take it tonight again.


How y'all feeling overall it is Wednesday, tomorrow or Thursday. You know how y'all feeling No raw this week man you know tomorrow Thursday night football game. You got the Texans. What? The Texans versus the Jets. Damn Stefan D out ACL. Mm Hate that for him but I feel like the Texans gonna be all right Step out. The Texans got enough to beat the Jets. Jet done lost five straight. Aaron Rogers need to retire. He need to fucking retire. We ain't talking about that though. We talking about a ar. We talking about Richardson. I'm tired but we ain't talking about them five damn losses A rod done gave us.


I need this dog. You need some motherfucking bear ports. That's what you need a ride some bear porridge because you cold. No you need to warm up. If y'all give Aaron Rogers some bear porridge I guarantee you they'll turn things around up there in New York right now. But all y'all wanna talk about is a ar make a mistake young man say they retired, you ain't supposed to say it. Your production ain't been that good now they put Joe F fla on. I talked to Black the other day. I told y'all I told y'all that they were gonna put F Flaco in there Damnit That is what they doing.


Flaco to me is just like Knix foes even though Joe Flaco got a ring on his own with Baltimore back in the day. Not back in the day but you know back when Ray Lewis was playing when they beat the four nines damn fo nine been losing Super Bowl like crazy. But he's another Knix foes man can league team on their own right now to start the season now. But they can, they come in and catch fire. That's Joe f Flaco And I honestly say there I feel like Flaco finna get in there like this motherfucker up and hopefully ar can learn something on this motherfucking bench from Flaco. I mean I I look I never played professional college collegiate football but I know as a quarterback man you know you gotta a certain amount of time.


One second two seconds, three seconds ball should be out. And I watched that from the Greg wing of all time Tom Brady. He wasn't sitting back in that pocket holding the ball like that. He was getting the ball out quick. I don't understand why the coaches that we say the best in the world are not playing to the strength of they damn players. Now if you know AR is having problem going through his res, simplify the shit for him. Run some quick screenplays or something. Run some quarterback draws or something. Do what they doing for Lamar Jackson up there. I'm starting to think the head coaches don't want these certain players to win. Why? Because they didn't draft them. You know what I'm saying?


Sometimes coaches come in, they didn't draft the quarterback they really don't want, they want they own guy. I don't understand why they not running the Hoff in that helps cater to ar abilities now you got one of the be best running backs in the world on Taylor. Give him the ball scheme be if I'm ar the little money that I'm making so fuck he ain't got a big contract yet 'cause he, you know what I'm saying, he in the selling rookie contract, I'm taking them big fat motherfuckers out each and every Sunday where we at buying him something to eat, buying 'em four wheelers, buying them something. But I need y'all to protect me if I'm a head coach and I'm giving my coach dub says no I get with my offensive line come here.


I want y'all to look at the tape. Look you getting your ass whooped every god damn play and you wanna run your fat cooler stomach having ass over here and drink. You can't have no damn Gatorade on my damn sideline. When you ain't getting, when you ain't blocking I want some goddamn pancakes. I ain't talking about the kind you, I'm talking about the kind when you wipe your man out go on the field. I want pancakes. I can blame a all y'all want but the man ain't getting protected either. Bullshit ass plays that's being called too. Let's talk about that. There's plenty of blame to go around but you can't defend them throwing the ball.


44, 40 4%. You can't defend that shit. Damn. You missing the target. You missing the motherfucking target. Receivers ain't getting open, they ain't getting separation as they should. Just plenty to blame to go all around. Do I think he should have been benched this game? Absolutely but I feel like he should get his job back the next week. He can't learn nothing on that motherfucking bench experience is the best teacher do coaches go out to start back coaching. That's all these motherfuckers ain't coaching no more. Look at the tape. That's all you need to look at. Nah coach this motherfucker up.


That's what's wrong with the world today with these kids. Lemme tell y'all something to turn me on. I wanna know what turned me on. People whooping they kids in public. Oh that shit turned up on Whoop that motherfucker whooping. That shit turned me on just like when I'm just you could, that shit turned me on just like when I'm in public and I opened up, opened up my twig account. Anybody got twig? No it's the best Jump on Twi. You ain't got to wait at the dark either. You can jump on TWI right now. I guarantee you. You gonna see what you gonna see. I'm on Twi. Thankfully I was in church one time asked didn't hit my TWI button.


Oh my god them girls popped out. My pastor said my lord. I said you can say that again. You can say that again. That's all I'm saying man. People whooping their kids in public turns bubble th on. It really does. I used to be like when I go around people and they kids be doing something and people like I'll leave him alone, he gonna be all right. Nah whoop his motherfucking head because I done watch them. Same people on them same kids said they were gonna be all right now they in jail. Nah so it ain't put something on them kids as Now do it won will.


It's all kind of shit turn me on these days and motherfucker a woman who got good hygienes turned me on a woman who knows when to talk and not when to talk. Turns me on a woman who got her own money turns me on a woman who know how to make her kids go in the other motherfucking room while she can play with me. Oh turns me on. You already got your kids in the bed. I been waiting on you. You been waiting on me. I been waiting on you. Shit get your clothes off. I'm coming out this shit quick. Waiting on when you in that mood when you ain't want no mood, something nice you can just, I'm looking at my, we ain't never worked like that before until I started taking them peds.


I ain't lying. I used to have problems in that mother bedroom. My girl be laughing me boy what's wrong with you? You too young for your thing not to be word. She ain't saying that shit now I'm fucking the bunny off her head. Oh yeah her mama used to call and talk to my mama. Not no more. She I know her mama wonder what her dog doing. She get I'm in the gigging, I'm in there listening to Trey song. I bet the neighbors know my name. Yes. When I come outside in the morning I'm in my rob and my slippers. Hell what's up neighbor? Hell I'm going pound over him.


I don't hear nothing over there broke over here. I know you heard. I know you heard a mo. Yeah it ain't from this me. It's from me. Pinching on. Come on. I know how to satisfy my mom. You better learn how to satisfy yours. Lot of you women out here sending y'all pictures of y'all for for vagina. Stop doing it. Some of y'all shit broke up And I do mean like God Freddy Kruger your cat girl none that Boy stop. Go and give shit. I'd rather stick my tongue in a cactus before I stick my meat up in you.


How you again? Shit ain't no way your vagina supposed to look like this. You shit like you were like you were born in 18 hundreds and your stomach look like you got into a fight with a shit. You got too many deficiencies for me. What you call them restaurants that nasty. You got too many demerit for me. I don't want them see we're roasting roast beef. What's that sandwich in Cleveland? What they known for? Even for in Cleveland. I can't think of that sandwich, that meat. Ah it's on tip of my tongue. I know somebody gonna find out what I'm talking about. What is they what corn beef. What's like corn beef. That's why the LeBron them lost night.


Them nigga full of corn beef sandwiches and they better not be at that hard rock. Oh casino night either. I ain't playing with y'all night man. I'm not playing with y'all. I'm telling y'all the truth. Y'all know ain't lying. Them women be sending them and them things look like corn beef. I'm not bullshitting and get mad when you talk about man what's this? What you mean this pretty everybody else talk. How many how many motherfucker you gonna be with You talking me? You can count on your finger but everybody else shit everybody else means 70 people. You had 70 meats. You might well work for HEB if you in Texas you know all about H-E-B-H-E-B got all of meat in the world.


That's your girl. A gb. A GB cat having as you going you better not take now another mother picture. You and I heard about you niggas too take sitting in your dang picture to to you women they talk Mme. I just say you got bumps on your dicky dick ass nigga but want to get online act like you a gangster nigga. Nigga can't stick them bumps off your meat nigga you're sick nigga being somebody's hospital right now nigga getting surgery or bumpy meat having ass nickle. You can rap but you got bumps on your meat nigga trash.


I'm the best thing out. You the bumpiest thing out. It's what your ears nigga. Nigga wrap that motherfucker up and go to Korea somewhere in Berkeley nigga you need sea moss nigga. These niggas are nasty. I'm man, I'm telling you the truth. Nicety


Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin. Let's make home to go. Hey this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The office of Housing Counseling has you covered offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners there nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you, visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


Kids don't lie. Kids will tell you kids to tell you the truth before anybody else. We my mama have all kind of men over there. Oh my what? My baby talking about my baby. I'm gonna have about four different men over. Huh? You bullshit. So I'm going to court right now to get custody of my dollars. I got four kids, I'm going to get custody of them. They ain't gonna be with me. They gonna be living with my mama but I'm gonna still get the check and chunk my mama so a little nine then but shit I'm getting them girls. I got four kids that mean I got four social security card that mean this income tax season bubble do finger beat Bow coming down new do truck putting it on.


I ain't lying putting it on. Finn go buy me two horses, two horses, two Tennessee Walker. Y'all finna feel me at these motherfucking trail rides because I'm sick of looking at these thin ass horses at these damn trail rides. Now everybody horses ain't thin but some of you are. I'm finna show you what a real horse, healthy horse. A good heart having heart, good lungs having that heart supposed to look right. A heart supposed to be happy. Some of y'all horses be acting like they got goddamn Ines Kind of damn horse don't eat hay. That's what I wanna know. A horse supposed to love hay, y'all want to get mad at me.


Y'all better start time. My horse ain't a goddamn full grown horse. Ain't supposed to be 200 pounds either. You bigger than your damn horse Didn't wanna put a saddle on him. That goddamn saddle killing their horse and I'm an animal lover. I'm talking and they come to and they come to horses, it come to dog. They coat better be shining like a motherfucker. Horse or dog coat better not be dull around me. I'm gonna put them folks in your life. I'm not playing with y'all niggas man because you playing games around here and I don't like it. You eating good. Your girl fat ass. She getting eating good. Why your animals can't eat good dog feeding horses?


Lamb chop stop. It ain't nothing about feed no motherfucking hard lamb chops Wondering why when you bring your horse out to the trail ride, nobody wanna put their kids on your horse so you can walk around your horse ugly nigga in a stand. I don't ride that brag ass motherfucker. Horse, horse look look like a kangaroo nigga. She said I'm mad man go with my homeboy. How I can't even go in the living room got dogs every damn work. Got a swimming pool with a pregnant dog getting ready to have some puppies in the limb room.


Have smell like straight up shit and you want to follow some weed. I don't wanna smell weed and shit. Knix let talk to me outside. It smell better outside nigga not wrestling with the dog, bonding with the dog. Nigga bond with your son nigga the nigga let him rhyme person bond with him because when he grow up to be who he is you gonna ain't going like it but you got a chance to do something about it now. No you here bonding with your dog bond with your bond with junior.


Man I be want somebody to watch the game with me. Nobody wanna watch the game with me because you ain't bonding with Junior. You letting him play with do with his sister and them and shit. Get in the goddamn do. Boy you kick your ass in here and watch this game. Give a death you is 1211 grab your butt Wier too while you at I'm finna fix you. You give a boy beer, you damn right I will. Whatever it take to save his motherfucking life, I'm going to do it. Y'all be listening to the mama so much man. Leave him alone. He is who he is. Leave my baby alone hold you better get out my face before I catch a case.


Y'all know I'm telling y'all the truth. Y'all be seeing it but y'all don't say nothing though. You gotta say so when they get twist in they motherfucking hips. Seven, eight come hell down if you have to. You get your ass right going on the football field tomorrow boy. Hell we're going on the field tomorrow. Band ain't no more band. That band shit over ain't no more. You ain't blowing on shit but s for your birthdays. That's the only damn thing you gonna be blowing on And when you get 18 and 19 some cat. What? You better be blowing nothing like blowing on that cat.


Make that motherfucker trouble. You done done this before you damn right I have girl. I'm seizing them, blowing them Cat. What you waiting on? I'm trying to see if something come out this motherfucker I'm come out. It ain't no good. Don't turn blowing your boo. Damn. You better will go when I get the too. I ain't bullshitting. Which I ain't your ex nigga. I'm doing this for my ancestors. We just met. I don't give a damn. You ain't gonna know more about me tonight than you gonna know about me from six months. I'm good at keeping secrets.


How y'all feeling tonight? Overall though man? How? How Like honestly like are some of y'all, are some of y'all satisfied? Where you at in life? That's the question I'm asking y'all tonight and I'm reply to y'all. Are some of y'all satisfied Where you at in life? Me? No I know I can be better. I know I can do better. There's a whole lot of things I can do better and them things that I wanna work on and and improve on. Man. I don't never want to get complacent and I'm good where I'm at. I'm not, I'm not satisfied. I'm thankful, I'm grateful but I'm not satisfied man. I know I got tons of work to work on and I wanna be better. I know some of y'all wanna be better. I know some of y'all trying to get into the entertainment business.


Some of y'all trying to get into the business. It just takes time man. A lot of y'all be rushing certain shit. I used to rush certain shit. Stop rushing it. Take your time and do it right. A lot of time we be praying to God for certain things when when he bless us with him we're gonna be ready for him. So I'm telling you from experience man from be patient, it's going, it's going come to you but you gotta put that work in. I know y'all look at me man. Dov make this shit look easy. It just, I'm just naturally funny bro. Just it's not, this shit is not, you know what I'm saying? Ain't nobody, you can't teach this shit man. Just I am who I am but we all have different talent, different gifts.


Some of y'all can rap, some of y'all can write, some of y'all can sing, some of y'all can talk Good. You just gotta go after what you really good at man and and put the work in and time in. Y'all be wanting to be rich overnight man. Fuck trying to be rich overnight. You wanna be rich for, you wanna be wealthy. If I ain't gonna ever be wealthy in money, I wanna be wealthy in health. I'd rather have both but I'd rather you know but one of the, you know I I I'd rather have because you can have all the money in the world and and don't have good help. Look at Steve Jobs have all the money in the world but but need to kidney so we have to be more conscious of taking care of ourselves and that go for me too.


Watch what we putting in our bodies that go for me too as well man because you only get one life. Your body gets your temper gotta take care of it. So protect yourself man. I know we gonna go out here and we gonna party. We gonna have a good time. But be careful when you going out to these party watch what you putting your drink people put sugar in your drink now all of a sudden you riding around, you running around like smoking on Friday hiding deebo chicken coop. Gotta be careful. Can't trust everybody either man. Everybody ain't trying to see you win. So watch when you go out and party, you put your drink down, you turn your head. You ain't paying attention. Somebody do the dash on me real quick. Gotta be careful. Gotta be mindful man. Hang around the people that you know ain't going to never do nothing.


You ain't gonna never harm. You gonna always have your back whether you in the room or out the room. Them the kind of people I want be around when I ain't in the room and people talking down and hating on me. Hey fam, no disrespect but we ain't gonna do all that. That man ain't here. That woman ain't here defending theyself. We gonna talk behind people back. We do it in their face. Them the kind of people I wanna be around. I don't wanna be around somebody talking down on me and you just sitting in the room not saying nothing just to grin. I don't want all that because I wouldn't do it to you. Take real men. We'll stand up men to do that. We ain't got that. We ain't got too many real standup men out here no more like that. We got boys who want to just fill in with the fi in and get along game.


That ain't what we doing. If even one of y'all watching this show, I feel like you rock with me. You ever seen me outside doing something I ain't got no business doing. Call me. I going hey fam that ain't you. Fuck you doing, you no better than that. I ain't gonna say nothing. I'm respected if I'm wrong. Correct me. I don't. I don't got pride in ego getting in the way of me. You see me doing something I don't supposed to be doing shit. Let me know. Hey fa you tripping dog. Come on you better than that. That's what we need. You don't need no yes me and Ryan you need people who going really tell you some shit whether you want me heard or not. That's what a lot going on. People coming into a lot of money, people coming around and and whatever they want. They getting whatever they want they getting. No no you don't need all that dog.


Need somebody to tell you no you need somebody to tell you no you need somebody to tell you that Your breath stink nigga your breath funky. That's the problem. You're not telling your partner your homegirl shit that they should know. Nigga stop talking nigga your breath funky motherfucker. You'll make a killer way or speak his food out nigga because your breath stink that bad. Your partner arms stink. Let 'em know your homegirl can't stink. Let her know big you went to the restroom. Take a pee. What you doing spraying earth freshener for you push this name go. Why you go pee and spray earth freshener like tumor in that motherfucker.


What's going on with you? Your PA balance. We got to start telling people what it is. If you're watching this show and you can't really watch this show you at work, you only can listen. Go to apple Podcast and go to Spotify. Type in the bubble dub show and listen to this 'cause you can't get this nowhere else. Kind of like that kind of like hearing H time T burger. You can't go nowhere in the world get T burger but right friend time just like that. You can't get this bubble dub kind of sauce nowhere else they can imitate it all they motherfucking but they can't whip it up like I can.


I guess some of y'all watching my show y'all can barbecue. Some of y'all on here can barbecue like a motherfucker. Yeah you got people in your family that can barbecue but something but they can't barbecue like you. Yeah you gotta have confidence. You got to feel like you him because if you don't then who will you got to give a woman on your team that make you feel like you him even when you feel like you ain't but she telling you is baby I'm gonna go to the top one day. You know what she should say baby you going to reach heights. Ain't no man ever reached that's the mother fucking woman I want. Come here. Lemme kiss you boy.


A woman powerful boy. A woman is powerful. Can a woman have strength and restraint that we going got you and your woman can be into it right now And y'all arguing she argue. You argue say baby shug up baby let me eat your cat. She ain't gonna let you do it. Don't touch me. But if she on the other foot say shug up and let me give you some head, we gonna do it. Tell me I'm lying. You and your girl can be into it right now. L her. Come here and unpluck your pants. Watch what you do. I'll let arguing go and out the window. You did sleep with my homeboy.


Go on and do what you supposed to do. Rub my nipple When you do it though, get nice there. He knows what and he's here to tell you. Hell Get nice if you watching this show pull show we do the hell no Sydney. I have fans text me or call me. Hell no questions. Someone gonna hit me up say bubble do will I ever sell dope for a Mexican cartel. Hell no because once you get in that game, you in it for life. Ain't no getting out. Only way you getting out is in that damn box. So me selling dope for a cartel never cartel like to kill another question.


Blah duh. Would you ever kiss a a king cobra like that? Like Tarzan never. Hell no. Not kissing no mother y'all ever seen how big them king cobras them thing get 10, 12 motherfucking foot. They head this big and you think I finna kiss something that's venomous shit. Shit I ain't going do it. I ain't gonna kissing no motherfuck. King cope. I don't kiss these hoes like you think I'm gonna kiss some of this fellow and he hold more venom than these niggas don't think these hos don't be having nothing.


They do hold toss and turn I tos and turn all night because you got something. God trying to tell your sick ass something. Get it outta of Youc or something. I tall and turn. I dunno what wrong with me bitch. You know what's wrong with you. You know exactly what's wrong with your sick nasty ass walking with them, nigga with them bumps on they meat. That's what's wrong with you. Thank y'all for watching this show. I see y'all again tomorrow night, man. After the Texans and the Jets, man peace. Love them out. The. Volume


Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin? Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners There. Nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you. Visit hud.gov/make home. The go.


TT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold. With Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over prime time, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order and that makes us fasting for life. Now, I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to by or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current FAFSA members who were not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.