(0s):
This is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear the experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love. You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect.

(45s):
It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. Everywhere you look, things are getting more expensive. So at Consumer Cellular we are lowering the price for those 50 and up. Now you can get unlimited talk text and data for $30 a line. When you buy two, that's just $60 a month for two unlimited lines. So if you're 50 and up, make the switch and save. Come on, you've earned this. Call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com today requires two lines of service, age validation and credit approval subject to system and area limits taxes and other fees apply.

(1m 32s):
Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz. To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FAC et.com. This ad Is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal or tax advice. What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude With these open air buds. To Have good sound to be so light on your ear.

(2m 13s):
It's like a dream. For More check out bos.com. The. Volume. Yeah. Come on y'all Come on in. You. Yeah, come on in. This motherfucker tonight. Come on now. I need you to already to hit the like button right now. Hit the subscribe button right now. If you are hagel, you might wanna leave this chat. If you are Hale, you might want leave this chat tonight. Let's talk about them. 38, 31 overtime Prime.

(2m 58s):
But he walked out. Walked. I don't think y'all heard me today. Coach on the field. He walked on. Come here. Y'all told me lose Baylor lying. I need y'all repent because y'all been, look, I'm putting this one his meat to work tonight. Come here, go lay down real quick. Let's talk about this wind. Come back over time. Do the, threw it off the ground.

(3m 38s):
Come in the rain. I wanna go outside in the rain. I thought we were key sweat the way it was ringing. Not the other day. Guess what? It takes your door. Even though you were getting sacked, even though you were holding the ball a little too motherfucking long, but you made things happen. You gotta have faith. You gotta have faith. TRAVIS HUNTER. Seven catches a buck.

(4m 19s):
Is that man TRAVIS. HUNTER is probably the best player in college football right now offensively and defensively. Do you hear me? Playing both sides of the ball. Not taking no plays off, giving it all he got. You gonna find too many players like Travis. Travis is a winner. Everybody on that team tonight is a fucking winner. One. I need all you non to come in here and a all the nonbeliever. Apologize, I'm gonna get to Jerry Jones ass in a minute.

(4m 59s):
But we talking about Colorado right now. Take my glasses off. I'm tired of playing with you Mo fold. I'm tired of playing with you Mo fold. Y'all told me Baylor was going to win and they didn't. Y'all say Coach Prime can't coach. I can't tell team were damn. Damn. The game was damn near over. Anybody would Mo would've gave up but Coach Bryan kept over one player at a time. That's what I tell them. Hoes one blue chew at a time. I'm not take no two three blue chew on your ass. I'm taking one blue chew at a time on you and you gonna like it.

(5m 39s):
Damn right. You gonna like my second. Just come here, come here. Come me home. Come here. Lemme give a hundred miles an hour. One inches, a hundred miles an hour. Put a hole in the Green Canyon. Y'all can't tell me shit. Feeling good tonight. Rago got the victory. 38 31 If you're just not coming in, hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button now let's talk about Jerry Jones in the locker room looking at boys meets trash. Jerry Jones got to go. I don't want nobody, not even the owner in the locker room looking at them boy meets talking about eight and a half. Stop it.

(6m 19s):
You gonna be trying to build a motherfucking Super Bowl team. You in here looking at meats nigga you ain't arb. You looking at meats. Is you crazy Now y'all made Sterling sell this team for talking that slavery talk. This the same motherfucking talk. He up there with Ja, he up there with Jamie Fox talking about meats. Do you hear me? Not that we just got blew out by the motherfucking saints. You up here talking about meats. Not my uncle.

(7m 0s):
Not my uncle that's been 88 years. 88 years old. 15 years in a row. She, I'm gonna need y'all come in here and and help me understand what Jerry Jones was talking about. A five nine player running a 4 4 40 and he got to meet man what the world coming to y'all. You mean to tell me Jerry Jones, the owner of the Dallas Cowboy is is more concerned about meets his old ass hanging there shaking hands and how you doing? How you feel? He peeking. He peeking like Dwight Howard was in them locker room at them board meets.

(7m 40s):
Allegedly we gonna talk about it tonight. That's why we can't win no damn games. You ain't scouting talent. You meats me watching ass. I guess I'll never make the cowboy team because I ain't got no meat. But I got heart though. Heart and desires what I got. I tell them all the time baby, I ain't got no meat but I can love you better than anybody can love you. I can hold you better than anybody can love you. I can wish in your ear better than anybody can whisper in your motherfucking ear. But if you with me for the meat, you looking for the wrong guy. I ain't got no motherfucking meat but my tongue gang strong D motherfucker come here.

(8m 25s):
I got a kago dragon my, I put this tongue on you baby. It's a wrap. Come on. Don't tell your own girl. Dove ain't got no meat but his tongue game off the chain. Come on. Thumbs up when I go low I'm better than East. BO come here all the small. I'm like I'm I'm in. I'm part of the small, small old meat game and I'm proud of it. I'm proud of it. See people with big meats gonna catch council. I'll never catch counsel. God bless me with immunity from counseling 'cause of my small meat. I can't go all up in there like y'all can. I'm just barely scratching the surface. But I'll never catch counsel I tell you that.

(9m 8s):
So all you big meat back there laughing and talking about me right now. You gonna catch counsel boy you got three or four months you gonna catch counsel. I never never catch it. Never catch a STD either because of me ain't long enough to go in there. I am being blessed. I got a turtle shell. Well it's beautiful though. One of the seven wonders of the world is in my penis. It ain't one inch but it's one of the seven wonders of the world. That cowboy playing The Ravens tomorrow. Damnit. We better win. I don't wanna hurt all this shit about what we shoulda done or what we could have done. Damnit. We better win tomorrow. I got 1500 on the game tomorrow.

(9m 49s):
I ain't learned my lesson yet. I'm a cowboy alive. I heard rumors about Ari Cooper coming back. Go and get him and don't be looking at as me either come and get Blake Hunt. I ain't bullshitting with y'all all night man. Anthony, Jocelyn, you the cy motherfucking Frenchman I ever seen in my life. 6, 5, 6 6 laying on your motherfucking back like you backs stroking. Nigga you ain't swimming. What's his name? Bow knock Mommy juice out Anthony, Joshua Miles. I thought you were fighting fag ass Ru ru again.

(10m 36s):
Too much shit going on. Eminem endorsing Kamala Harris. What's going on? White boys don't ine endorsing that. Eminem done spoken. I appreciate your Eminem but your spaghetti still trash. I'm not eating that shit when I come to Detroit do you hear me? I'd rather get a Covid vaccine to eat Eminem cooking Shit. Give a damn well who, who, who name on it Bizarre. You can put that name on. I don't fucking want it. I want some answers to watch Jerry Jones looking at me.

(11m 18s):
I wanna know Dak watching film. I wanna know Zach is Zinc gonna run over a hundred yards this year? That's what I wanna know. Being a cowboy fan sucks. All we do is fucking lose. I'm tired of losing. I gonna win sometime y'all. I wanna be a winner couple of weeks ago. Lemme tell y'all a true story. A couple weeks ago I make a club, my homeboy get into a fight. I went to the restroom. When I come out the restroom my homeboy getting into a fight. He getting drug up under the DJ booth and there's people saying Bubba Dub that shit. People I'm saying that ain't my guy. My we gonna get into fights we're players but all along I knew they were. My homeboy over there fighting. I did the most thing I did the realest thing a friend could ever do.

(12m 0s):
I went and jumped in the motherfucking car, act like I was drunk. And when he came to the car stumbling man man I just got into a fight wining man stop playing with me boy. You ain't got into no fight. Shit that dude to his ass off the bunk. I wasn't getting in there. I was back up with the cry seeing him take them punches. I knew I wasn't gonna take them so let me go and jump in the car and act like I'm drunk. And I did that and I don't feel bad about it. He on the ride home, he telling me shit. I was putting hands on him. You a lie. I'm saying in my mind you a motherfucking lie. You didn't get nailed in. You were laying up under the DJ boo. You were spitting Ruckles.

(12m 44s):
You were spitting Ruckles. And this is another thing I wanna talk about. I love freaks you to death but I this is new mix tape is a classic. You a motherfucking lie. It's big dookie. Y'all gotta stop lying with shit mediocre Let just let it be known as mediocre. That damn mix tape Future pulled out per and y'all. I don't even wanna listen to rap no damn more. I'm finning start listening to jazz music and country music. Somebody put more them all in on. Its all good if you lost Faith in Colorado but they soldier man the game ain't over till the very end. It ain't over man.

(13m 25s):
You gotta stop counting people out and count men man. If you got people around you right now and they only rocking with you because you up cut they ass loose. They go for family in the hall sometimes. Tell y'all something man. Good vagina, good vagina will make you fall out with the people you love the most. Ask my mama, my mama Come to me baby. It's either me or that hoe. Bye mama. Do you hear me? Bye. Get your ass away from me. I'm not leaving this good hoe for you. Never. I done find a ho of love and praise my one, his penis.

(14m 6s):
I done find a hoe to cook me rot Dip when I want see telling you what God love. Man. Y'all better pay attention. Y'all think I'm laughing. I'm dead ass serious tonight over here on this show I'm not playing with y'all. High Five Casino, high five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary board were prohibited.

(14m 49s):
Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com High five casino. Hey it's Lunchbox from Soar. Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for generations. From pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 2025 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience a legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.

(15m 32s):
Everywhere you look, things are getting more expensive. So at Consumer Cellular we are lowering the price for those 50 and up. Now you can get unlimited talk text and data for $30 a line. When you buy two, that's just $60 a month for two unlimited lines. So if you're 50 and up, make the switch and save. Come on, you've earned this. Call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com today requires two lines of service, age validation and credit approval subject to system and area limits taxes and other fees apply. Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of Community, the the values that you know Minnesotans Have.

(16m 17s):
It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north. New residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live. Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered With over 25 years in the mattress industry, Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by master craftsmen, ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and shipped conveniently to your front doorstep for free.

(16m 57s):
Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing you are making the right choice. Visit brooklyn bedding.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off site-wide sale going on now. Inky. What's up man? Done Cor. What's up man? If you just not joining the Bubble dub show man. You know I'll be going live after every game tomorrow night after the Cowboy game. I'm not, I won't be going live. I'll be live on stage here in Riley, North Carolina. Good night's coming to club.

(17m 38s):
But after that Sunday night game after my show, I will be going live Just letting y'all know that right now. So after the Cowboy win tomorrow, don't expect me to go live 'cause I gotta comedy show after I I come off that motherfucking stage, I'm going in rage. Come on. Any question, let's talk about it. I'm here tonight. It's late night dub dishing over him. I hate taking you women out to eat, going spending two or $300 on a date now after the date you want to give a kiss of my chicken and say see you later. I be, damn. I wish you would. I wish you would kiss me on my cheek and tell me goodnight. She I beat damn bitch. We fuck it. You ever took a chick out on a date and you get ready.

(18m 20s):
You think you finna do what you do Uhuh, I don't do this on the first date. I ride that bitch around till 12 in the morning. Come here. It's a new day and I must lay. Come on. I'm believing that one day shit. I get, I don't give a damn that. We just, man I want it. You ain't say that when you want them damn chicken tenders in that honey mustard and them two damn margarita drinks I gave you shit. You gonna gimme what I want. I ain't, I promise you I ain't. I gotta get it. I gotta get it man. I ain't bullshitting you man. I can't.

(19m 0s):
I can't. I can't play around these days man. I got to go for the kill every time y'all men nigga find you a woman man. Find you a good woman that's going to love and cherish you love your fucking drawer man. Some of you men be trying to turn these hoes that be down there in Miami popping that cat on them boats for them pimps. You can't do that. You can't turn no horn to no housewives man. You can't do it if that hole down there popping that cat on them boats, leave her where she at. She can't talk to her kids in two or three damn days. But you wanna make her your wife stop it and you women stop going out here getting these niggas that can fight calling me. He done got one more time to put his hands on me and I'm gonna tell him me, you fucking, you better not make that mother mistake.

(19m 47s):
You better not make that mistake and you think I won't jump on his side. You bam. I ain't know nothing about you. She told me she was single. She told me she had some crazy dude. He was talking. I ain't no matter with you shit. I flip the script. Quit trying to put me in y'all shit lady. Call your brother. You always call him on me. He always jumping on me until I start putting his ass in jail. I was dating this chick. Every time we and her get into an argument, she'll call her brother. He'll come over there and choke me out. I got tired of this shit though. Like clockwork. I knew if we got into an argument, I knew he was coming.

(20m 28s):
Guess what? I timed him just right one time he pulled up. Guess what I did? I had already down nine one. You gonna jail tonight Johnny? Yeah. You won't jump on Facebook live no more. Tell everybody what you done to me. Your ass going to jail And I stood right there on that motherfucking porch standing on beating you. She doing all that crying. I can't believe you did that. You going next because I'm finna go and put some bruises on my motherfucking face and tell them you hit me now I'm finna be a battle, battle battle dude. I'm gonna be out in court pressing charges on your ass too.

(21m 8s):
Once y'all come write a story about my abuse. Hell y'all women ain't the only one getting abused. Us men getting abused too. See, think I gonna flip the script. You a damn lie. I got a book coming out. I been beaten every night. I been sexually assault every night by her. I ain't lying. I go on see NN right motherfucking now. Tell this story. Who took this one? This meat? I was saving this one in this meat. I was being celibate. I didn't wanna give her this one inch meat 'cause I know it's like peas and carrots. It it'll change your life. She insisted that I give her this one inch meat and I gave it to her.

(21m 49s):
Changed her whole motherfucking life. She was a, she was a CNA but this one is meat. Made her go back to college. Now she a R. Come on I got special gifts in my britches in my pen. I call him his name. His name Henry. He's strong stronger than Johnny Appleseed. I know y'all went to school my me stronger than Johnny Appleseed. Come here. I ain't bullshitting you. I ain't got no meat. But I be swimming. I be swimming. Not in the coochie. I'm swimming to that boy hole. Come on. I want, I ain't, come on, I can't make you my own in that cat.

(22m 29s):
But I'm gonna make you moan somewhere. He goes come here. If the meat won't do it, my fist and elbow we'll do the rest. My pool name Henry. I graduated back in 2010. How y'all feeling tonight man? Y'all talk to me man. How y'all feeling man? Know it's a lot of people out there. Y'all at the crib probably gonna smoke you one. Probably gonna drink, you know what I'm saying? Talk to me tonight man. Talk th man. Any questions, talk to me. I'm willing to answer any questions y'all got for me tonight. Shit, I'm on one. I'm feeling good. Colorado one prize picks doesn't hit. If you're watching this show then you already know this show being presented by prize picks. Yep. Don't download the number one sports fantasy app that's in the game right now.

(23m 12s):
Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. T-R-A-S-H-H. Download it right now. Yeah, first time user you spend $5, they gonna give you 50. Can't get that. Nowhere else. Five 50 can't beat it more or less. That's all. Tomorrow they got Dak to have 250 passing yard. All you got to do is put more or less. They got Zeke to have more than 70 yards put more or less. That's all you gotta do over there prospect. You'll win. I'm not playing. Go over to S pick right now. And what I like about Prospect that's see if you got a player that's balling not but he get hurt, he gonna come back in the game. Guess what? They going even use it against you. They got an injury policy over at prize pick go on over there on there.

(23m 58s):
He knows what he and he's here. Hell no. Now this is part of the show. If you're a newcomer then this is the part of the show that I call the hell no segment. Yeah the hell no setting and I fucking let you in on that. Somebody came to me bubble do man do you get smoking in in it? Do you smoke with any and everybody? Hell no. Niggas be having bumps on they motherfucking lip but trying to tell me it's a fever with blister and when I go on your IG motherfucking page, that bump been there 95 months. N I'm not smoking behind you Niles. You nigga go and piss don't wash your hand. Come back in the house and touch the food and you think I'm finna smoke behind you N you get your nasty.

(24m 41s):
Oh nasty. Hand ass up out of him. You get your high deep, your little face have ass up out of him. No I'll not. Y'all invite me to y'all family reunion. Y'all know motherfucking well. You and your family don't even get along when I'm walking up. What he doing him motherfucker. I don't even wanna be, you know I've been beating this whole ass allegedly. I know y'all gonna do something to me. I'm not coming in y'all mother this reunion. I'll call the cops on everybody in this motherfucker. He's selling dope and she's selling cat. Both of 'em illegal. Come here.

(25m 21s):
I know y'all wanna do something to me but you know I'm the law. Lemme tell y'all some real shit for my beers out there. Gonna do something to me. You got a better chance of fighting that canine dog than fucking with me. Fucking with me and my cousin and Roger. Roger been gone 11 summers. He coming off for parole. He ain't coming home though. Every time he come on parole, I make my way down now and and talk to their parole officer. Look at this letter he wrote. He ain't changed. He talking about when he come home he wants some bricks. Keep him in there for wake y'all up right here.

(26m 5s):
It's gonna be a change around here. A change just don't come. Or I pick of say I'm cook. Oh I people of say I'm cook man there's some studs. It's some studs and Riley do you damn right from Stu. I ain't fuck them Stu. My stu back home there some women. I but I'm on my best behavior. I ain't here for the women. I'm here for my show. I'm here to make people laugh Tomorrow night I finna show 'em who the man is on that stage. I finna show you ever 50 said oh they were dying every day. I don't keep dying because motherfucker, when the motherfucker died they make me go hard. That said like when these females doubt me you ain't gonna better make me come out that one inch.

(26m 45s):
Shit I done took a blue chew and you about to beat through. You always see a look in my eye when I take that blue chew shit, I'm a monster. You think I'm running cold Man when I'm on that damn one inch, you can't tell me my meat one inch. When I'm on that blue shoe I think it's 10 inches. I be like look at him, feel him, feel him. Most men with Big Pingers, y'all be doing it like this. I'd be just like this. Touch him, tap him, tap him. God Damnit. Yeah. Hard. You can see every dang hand. Tap him. Watch him show out. Watch him damn slip slapping on the As while she sucking on that one. Go and get it. She's work, work, work.

(27m 30s):
Okay. I have her cash app jumping. I seen her $20 30 times in a row. She think I'm rich. Oh baby you making me feel good. My cash app keep going off and it's gonna keep going. I'm too baby but it ain't number $20. Every time I send her something it's more than one weight skin a cat. I tell you that right motherfucking now. Some of y'all got it made man. Some of y'all men can hit these women from way y'all get to have sex way back here from the back. I me, I'm on your ass like back pockets. I'm not bullshitting you. That's how close I am from behind.

(28m 10s):
I'm on your ass. Y'all talk to me now. I'm gonna be in Huntsville, Alabama soon. I'm gonna be in nap time next weekend September 28th I be in Naptime Me and beat Simone. Me and Jay, me and Black Tony. Grab them tickets October the fourth through October 6th. I'm in Addison, Texas. That's right. Grab 'em tickets right now. They're available. Come get ready to see me on stage. Come watch me do my thing. 'cause you know I'm gonna do my thing. I need all my cowboy fans there. Where y'all jerseys? Tell y'all old ladies the world they jerseys too. I want see Blue and Gray everywhere.

(28m 53s):
I need every, all my Cowboy fans. Y'all better be at that motherfucking show. I got five shows they all better sell out October the fourth through the sixth Geron Texas. Y'all pull up man coming to feel it soon. And I do mean soon nigga say never trust Shreveport. When? What's wrong with Shreveport women? Nashville. What it do Rico? What's up my guy? Shout out to everybody on my live tonight. I wish God will bless y'all with each and anything y'all want live. I pray to God bless y'all man. I really do. Y'all been rocking with me. We gonna keep rocking out every big game. We gonna keep going live.

(29m 33s):
We gonna keep growing. Subscribe is going up, the comments going over. Make sure you gonna hit the like button right now man. Make sure you gonna hit the like button. Make sure you gonna hit the subscribe button man. Show me some love in the comments man. This is how I'm coming each and after every game, man. It's late night. I normally gonna be going this late, but for the love of y'all man, I gotta keep making it. Do what it do man. I'll never give up. You got any dreams? Don't never give up on your dreams. Keep pushing man. Stop telling your dreams to small minded people. They won't understand where you're coming from. Lemme say it again. Don't never tell your dreams to small-minded people. They won't see where you're coming from. You got to be the one that believe it's some of y'all watching this show right now. Dying on your look broke. That's cool.

(30m 13s):
But you won't be dying. Dying on your look. You won't be broke for long. I got you that. It's a mind frame man. It's a mind frame. Do you hear what I'm saying to you man? I'm telling you a God I love. Four years ago I can have a motherfucking dime, had a car, couldn't even get out on the driver's side. Had to get out on the motherfucking passing side. Friends and family laughed at me like I wouldn't shit. But God done blessed me. Now I got, I can get any car I want and I ain't into all that getting all that shit. I just wanna be able to go and get it. That's that's, that's the love of this shit. Knowing you can go and get some shit. 'cause I don't want it. I can't take this shit with me when I die. I don't give a damn about material shit.

(30m 56s):
I don't. What I care about is the people around me can they help they families. That's what it's about. Man. Can't take none of this shit be when I die man. I ain't no better than nobody watching this motherfucking show. We all equal. We just got different talents. Y'all got big meats. I got smile. That's all good. I ain't mad at you. Don't be mad at me either. He's going down tomorrow Cowboy, beating them Ravens. I don't give a damn. What y'all say? Lamar Jackson ain't no damn Jackson. That's Tego Jackson May him rest in peace. That's Tego Jackson. Y'all gonna respect the cowboy. I ain't respecting Jerry Jones right now and I don't know what's going on with his meat watching that.

(31m 39s):
I don't know what him and Jamie had going on. I don't know. Seem a little suspicious to me. It's all I'm saying. Two grown men talking about meats. Something ain't right. Something ain't right. High Five Casino, high five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com I five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high.

(32m 20s):
The number five casino.com High five Casino. This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places Our kids have said to us.

(33m 0s):
Since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this Overall sense of community like the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community. Especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live. Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. Symbi Anica is your solution a great tasting, all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins.

(33m 42s):
Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off. Plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com. Lucky lands slots asking people what's the weirdest place you've gotten lucky. Lucky in line at the deli I guess. Aha. In my dentist's office more than once actually do I have to say yes you do In the car before my kids' PTA meeting. Really? Yes. Excuse me. What's the weirdest place you've gotten? Lucky I never win and tell. Well there you have it. You could get lucky anywhere.

(34m 22s):
playing@luckylandslots.com Play for free right now. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. V GW Group Avoid web prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and condition Naga Nation. Y'all shouldn't even be talking. Na, y'all lost to the motherfucking Viking. Who could quarterback for Viking? Sam Dawn or Sam? Who? Check out to my Saints fans. Who that Where you at? Y'all make a believe out. Me Adam Kamar. Derek Carr is a Star Saints. I'm gonna give y'all credit man. I gotta give it to you. Y'all did what y'all did man.

(35m 3s):
I gotta give it to you fam. I got the merch. Addison, Texas. The merch will be on deck. But if you want a trash shirt you hit me up at bubbaMorgan94@gmail.com. I will make sure you get a trash shirt that $30 bubbaMorgan94@gmail.com Hit me up. I'll make sure you get a trash shirt. I gotta get 'em back on the website. But right now if you want a shirt, you hit me up. I got you. Now get, if you just not watching this show, I gotta let you know again tomorrow after the Dallas Cowboy game. I would not be going live. I have a comedy show after my comedy show, which will probably be after the Sunday night game. You can look forward to me going live. I will make a video.

(35m 44s):
We'll let you know. I will be going live after that game. I want y'all to get ready to winning or lose. You know I'm going in. Yeah, believe that. There's a lot of shit going on in the world. I know we all been talking about P Diddy. That gets too much motherfucking baby order for one man to have and and and Diddy was not using that motherfucking baby all on no women. He was using it on them men. Now if you gay, you gay do what you do. But for years you lie love you had me thinking you were getting all these beautiful women and you wasn't doing a motherfucking thing with Carissa. You were letting somebody else hang it to her.

(36m 25s):
Now we gonna talk fast. God damnit we gonna talk about it because you had every man in China sleeping with Cassidy and you was in the background jacking Kendall. You some shit. We're gonna church tomorrow. I wanna meet the pastor. All that hugging like y'all used to do at church. I be damn you better shake her motherfucking hand pastor. She belong to me. Y'all too friendly. Y'all let y'all girl hug everybody. I don't give a damn. My girl can't hug her daddy. I'm her daddy now so I'm paying this nappy ass asshole rent car note. Shit she belong to me and her motherfucking kids.

(37m 11s):
She got kids. They gonna respect me. They gonna respect me. Ain't gonna be all that back talking. You ain't my daddy. Shit. I jump on kids. I can't whoop no grown up but kids, I shit come here, y'all dope. Can't whoop no grown up bug a kid. I give a kid what they want. Nah, Diggy ain't on no suicide. They do get to everybody that go in there. Diggy ain't no suicide man. But we all make mistakes. I ain't here to judge that man. You know what I'm saying? We all make mistakes. I'm a single, we all sin. But you know that man done some things that, you know what I'm saying that we can't overlook. There's a lot of women out here that's that's been sexually assaulted and that shit ain't cool bro.

(37m 55s):
At the end of the day that shit ain't cool and Diggy ain't the only one. It's some motherfuckers that's stepping down done done some dirt too and they trying to run but you can't run from that type of shit And none us blacks, we ain't the only one doing crooked shit. It's some white boys that fucker take a phone two. Dammit ee ain't the only nasty motherfucker in the world. There's some white boys that's nasty too. There's some Mexicans that's nasty. There's some Chinese that nasty too. I wanna keep taking down us but y'all need to take down y'all too. We gonna keep it real on this show. Ain't no bias. I ain't gonna sit here and get shit talking about the black man motherfucker. Some white man too. Harvey Weinstein. I hope he never get out Nasty rotten motherfuckers.

(38m 39s):
Y'all taking advantage of these women. They these men stop it. Money in power do it. Money in power is evil. Trust me, I know money is evil. Power is evil. Digger used that shit to his motherfucking advantage. Biggie rolled over in this motherfucking grave right now. Him and Craig. Matt rolling over man. RIP Kim Parker. She rolling over too right now in her grade. Man Diggy done some awful things to them people man. For a little piece of chain. He ain't the only one. Some more people, you know Diggy going talk Diggy in there running his motherfucking mob right now.

(39m 21s):
Dig. Don't talk. I don't blame him. I'm coming home. I'm not gonna be doing all that motherfucking time when y'all was up in here with me. Handcuffing the ho shit. Come here, come here. Y'all were partying with him. Come here now he doing bad in jail. Woo woo. Y'all wanna speak up y'all friends at they were been partying with him buying the baby oil and all that shit. You holding the umbrella tho. Well y'all have been holding up this kind of behavior for the last 18 years now. Y'all running out on him now. Stand with him bro was at the motherfucking party too.

(40m 3s):
All of them was there. I knew who wasn't. Now me and that's all I care about. I can't speak for nothing. I don't know what they were doing at the motherfucking party but I know it was some freakouts. I know a lot of motherfucking people careers was right here. They start fucking with did it boom outta here. We ain't gotta say no name, we'll never do that. We'll never do that. But you know I ain't lying on this motherfucking show and you know I'm telling the truth. Everybody else they gonna bullshit you a do ain't gonna bullshit you. I'm gonna tell you the real, it's a lot of people fucking what did it well right here they throw fucking with that boom outta him. I don't want that. I'm gonna do it what I'm doing now.

(40m 44s):
Doing it the hard way. I don't want the easy way. Not for what? My ass never Nota hug me from the back. N ain't eating you people from the back. Get ass on behind me and shake my hand. I am a cat boy. Cat. Cat the one one that gonna leave a stench right here on your motherfucking Mustang. That's the kind of a vagina. I like that. Leave a stench right here. I can ride home and smell success. You gotta ask questions. You gotta ask questions.

(41m 25s):
They invite you to the motherfucking Hollywood park. Shit I I, I beat up virtually. That wasn't motherfucker Hollywood though. You wanna come? Shit I beat up virtually. I'm not gonna beat up physically. I know how y'all get down. I'm not a very big man and I know one or two of y'all could hold me down and I'm not going no. I'd rather hear about it than be there. Shit. I don't give a damn about missing. Not gonna action in the phone or missing not being in a big movie all because you want fond of me. I be damn I feel a fond of me. Not now, not never. That what be going on. People be wanting to be famous and wanting to get rich too fast and they willing to do anything to get to their motherfucking position.

(42m 9s):
Dov don't want it that bad man. I don't have to put on no dress to be funny. I don't have to get fond to be fun a blow up. I'm doing it the way I'm doing it right now. Why? 'cause I got real motherfucking fans like y'all that love and support me. That gonna help me get there. And you know once I get there I ain't the kind of brother that's gonna forget about you. That ain't how I am. That ain't how I roll. That ain't in me. I'm a people person same way. Y'all love me saying well I love y'all. I'm never too good to shake your hand or take a picture. I'm never too good for that. Thank y'all for coming on this live tonight. Tuning in with me on the Bubble dub show. Hit the like button baby. Hit the subscribe button man.

(42m 50s):
Tell the world that dub be going live after all these big gang. Let 'em know. Bring your asses on over him. I ain't saying don't go rock with everybody else. Go and rock with them too but make sure you rock with me. That's all I care about. Anthony, Joshua, Dre Needto retire turning your motherfucking gloves and trunks get knocked out in the fifth round. Stop it. We be young but rolling over in this motherfucking Spurs jersey right now. You done got knocked out in front of all them folks. Y'all see them knock? Did y'all see the knockout? That nigga hit Joce so Hardy Nipple got hard. Shit. I cut my TV off. What kind of freak show is this? This man nipple hard in the boxing man.

(43m 31s):
Cut this shit off. Do you hear me? Cut this freak show off this shit. You know USC couldn't beat Michigan. Hell wrong with y'all. Hell your Diggy had them boy. Two nigga ass up in there. Shit. Y'all know it do. I like Ray y. I rock with wrestling man. wwe, I rock with a UFC. I rock with all the, I Rock with that shit bro. Real talk. Do I like Marshall? Hell y'all like Marshall. One of of my favorite martial art guys ever is Steven Al. Man Rock was Steven Cigar, one of the cold martial guys that I ever done seen Real Talk.

(44m 16s):
I undertaker my favorite bro. Undertaker is my favorite Real talk man. Anthony, Josh ain't worth for. Damn bro. Ain't worth for damn. But thank y'all for tuning in here. Goodnight man. Catch me tomorrow night after the Sunday night game. I will be going live reporting on all the games. High your stake. I see you. I see you. What you doing on Longhorns? I see you Archie. Man Damnit you throwing picks though. Goddam. You getting like Eli Archie Man you throwing pitch like Eli like your uncle. You first start and you are already throwing Peaks.

(44m 56s):
Okay, I'll see y'all again tomorrow night. Peace blesses them out one The Volume High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com I five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com I five Casino.

(45m 39s):
Hear that pumpkin that's fall calling and the pumpkin Spice Latte is back at Starbucks from that first sweater to late autumn weather. It's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app. Our kids have said to us since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just This overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.

(46m 23s):
Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances and with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit Facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer by yourself. Securities nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome. I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes.

(47m 7s):
So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.