
Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, you know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I'm such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. That should brighten your day low, actually a lot. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. BW roof permit by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus,


You know you've gotta a comeback in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of. With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One. Happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Go miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney. Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The volume. Hey, what's up everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. You know Super Bowl weekend, you know we got some legends in the building. This man here, he needs no introduction but you know beast mode. AKA more son Lynch. How you doing family nigga? Hell no. That shit was Tran. Nigga, if you gonna gimme the water down version of you nigga, I don't know no parts of it. I need the nigga that I seen on the, on the tube that I was. I need that nigga come. You need the straight drop man. My son lynching the motherfucking building. Everybody. Yes, I got a legend in the building man.


Welcome man. We ain't know you're right now man. Yeah man. How you doing fan man? I'm doing great now that I done got my nigga out there, you feel me? I like that he had to shake that shit off them square glasses to get right. You know what I mean? Before he get left. But I respect it for sure, for sure. What's up with you though man? I'm good man. How you doing? Your days Ain't no life after football. Let's talk about it man. What? What you up to these days Marsha? Bro, I ain't even gonna hold you. I probably had one of the, one of the most unsuspected, what you call it, excitements that I done had with a nigga just had a movie come out yesterday. Let's talk, let's talk about it nigga. What it called? Love hurt. Love hurt.


Universal just came out in theaters bro. I walked the red carpet had moms and my mom walked with me on some solid shit, bro. That shit was like a blessing though. You feel what I'm talking about? No, I asked my mama this though. I said, Hey mama, now we done been to Super Bowls, we done been to all this, you know what I mean? I say now we done walked the red carpet, you know what I mean? The whole little movie shit. So I asked, so I asked her what fell better, walking, you know, I mean around the Super Bowl or walking the red carpet, no question about it. Oh Super Bowl nigga. I said, oh shit, okay. Yeah. She said baby you ain't know. So I mean, you know I I, I, I do got a lot of love and respect for that, but this was 100% us unexpected.


But I had a great ass time, So, you know what I mean, between, you know the little business ventures that I got going on, dipping into some little activist shit, you know what I mean? The activist work that I get down with for sure. Being the philanthropy work fucking with my community. Not just, not just in Oakland but the community of the world for sure. What, what made you want to get into films though? Like what, what sparked that? Like man let me, let me jump into this movie game man. I ain't even gonna hold you. That shit was them there like a little accident. You feel what I'm saying? Because man you went through my career and shit. The nigga did, did some little commercials and shit like that. Then nigga had a couple interviews or whatever and motherfuckers was fucking with it.


So you feel me? I did a, I did a TV show called Ville and they gave me the opportunity to get down and they, you know what I mean? I'm like oh shit I don't know about it bro. You feel me? I got public school education and nigga can't read like that, you feel me? So a nigga was like, wait, feel me? I was like, you know what I mean? I was like wait, you ain't spooked, you feel me? But then the nigga tell me like, nah you ain't got no script, you just get to be you the whole time. So I'm like all right bro. I tried that shit bro. Murder Ville, shout out Will long net. He really put a nigga in the mix though. But when we did it, you know what I mean? Immediately after that then I started had individuals reaching out to me to like, you know what I mean?


Hey what's up? We wanna see you know you in our film and shit. Come audition for for a row. And then I got a movie called Bottoms that I did and you know what I mean? That shit took off and you feel me? I guess I played well on the screen so niggas being fucking with it, man. That's dope man. That's man, I got a couple movies, I'm hold straight on Tuby nigga I'm talking about Nigga it ain't ain't no premier, none of that shit. Straight to Tuby dog. I'm sick of that shit g I'm gonna be a Tuby king for y'all man. Hell no. Well then look man, I'm tell you, look at this shit the best time you get a Tuby deal bro. You gotta tap in with a nigga. I come fuck with it, you feel me? I come get down with you, you know what I'm saying?


I'm trying to show my little piece of game. I'm in a movie and shit. What like is it on Amazon? Nah it is on Netflix. Nah, what Tuby nigga Tuby going up right now? Yeah, get get on and knock the people that's on YouTube big up. But you know I, I got Dreams bro. You know what I'm saying? Man look you could have all that. The motherfucker got Star somewhere 'cause shit, you feel what I'm saying? Yeah. A nigga had a a a dream too. Never thought it was obtainable but a nigga went and worked for it and then, you know what I mean? At the end of the day, a nigga really got into some shit that, you know what unsuspected on, on God. Yeah. I mean you know how a nigga where, where I come from, how niggas go, it don't really work out like this.


Right, you feel me? Which is why you feel me? I I love this shit. I respect it, you feel me though? I know God made a way for it nigga. 'cause yeah it could have been ugly. So nigga when you talk about the Tubby movie, you motherfuckers be going because I don't know what Tubby movie it is bro. The bitch came to the door like yeah what's up nigga, I'm home man that bitch done pop everybody in the house and the baby bro. I seen on the little clip on, on Twitter and shit bro. Like ooh shit they out here active so if your tubie movie was like that you gotta tell me what it is. I go check that bitch out, what's up man yo, you know, so we got here enjoying Super Bowl weekend. Of course you know you been in two Super Bowls bro. Like what was your experience your first time being at the Super Bowl man?


Like what was that like young man coming from Oakland from what you've been through? Like what was that like? Man I ain't gonna hold you like my experience at the, at my first Super Bowl, that shit was like when you in it you really can't understand what's going on. But you feel me like that shit was, that shit was beautiful in the sense of nigga I, I was able to bring my whole family to that motherfucker, you know what I mean? Like nigga, I would've never thought that, you know what I mean? We would've been able to be on a stage like that and then together like nigga that shit was beautiful. Like everybody would probably say like the biggest moment of the Super Bowl like when you get to hold that trophy and shit, bro, I, I probably left the game probably like with two minutes left in the game.


Went in the locker room? Yeah, went and got a shower, got dressed in hella shit, you feel me? Confetti came down all the shit and as soon as I come to the door nigga my mama at the door of the locker room. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah like yeah mama come here, we in there, you feel me? I got some, I got some pure white Hennessy in my bag So you feel me? We go to the locker, I'm in there drinking with my mama hella shit. And all of a sudden you feel me, the whole team coming that motherfucker, hey what's happening nigga Super Bowl champion this, that and the third is some more shit. I'm like hell yeah you feel me? Now the locker room is an interesting place, you feel me? Now mind you, I got moms in that bitch with me.


Niggas come in, you know taking off all they shit, I'm walking to the door like oh yeah we out feel me? I get to the door, push that bitch open and turn around like man where the fuck my, then my mama in the middle of the locker room bro. On the middle of the city, the middle, the middle of the, we at the giant stadium. You know they got little logo and shit. Mom's at the middle of the motherfucking logo like that. Mama bring your motherfucking ass on. You feel what I'm saying? You man you get up out the locker room, we walk through the, through the crowd of shit going back to getting my preface my sister, my chest is them and you know I got a, got my hoodie on, got my mask up, you feel me though, all the shit and somebody had snapped a picture of me with my arm around my mama and we walking through, you feel me though, the crowd, that picture that me and my mama got walking through that, that probably the best moment that I got from the Super Bowl though, you know what I'm talking about.


That shit was special bro. In your eyes. You know what, what do it take for a championship team? I mean what do it take for a team to win it all? Like when you watching, you know you watching Kansas City, you watching the Eagles play like what, what, what, what are you looking at? At a team that okay this team probably gonna take it like see it's different from what you looking at as a whole and then when you in it and you knowing the difference is is you gotta have, 'cause you got 53 niggas that can suit up to go and play that day, you gotta get all 53 of them niggas to believe in one goal and it can't be they self, it's gotta be that no matter what position that we in, we can win this game.


And when the motherfucker got that type of mindset, that unbeatable so going into that motherfucker, if you know the nigga on the side of you to the left, the nigga on the side of you to the right, the nigga in front you and the nigga behind you, you niggas is all on the same braid. Wayne, what is it? Braid wave, you know what I mean? Yeah. Thinking the same, got the same mentality. Move record that give you the best, the best opportunity to be successful and and on the biggest stage that's how that shit go for for sure you could look at motherfucking a roster, you know what I mean? Oh they got the better team is that it depend on who come to play that day for sure.


'cause y y'all for a Super Bowl y'all beat Manning right? Yeah. Oh y'all told his ass man I'm telling you that's Ball. What it like going against a manning man Like just, you know you running back you, you just watching him operate. What, what was that like though? Even though you kicking his ass because y'all was kicking his ass. That game ain't no dive a about even though we would it still just put you in a position of where you on some shit like anytime you take, you know what I mean? Anytime that nigga take the field you just gotta hold your breath 'cause at any given moment, once that nigga get on bro, you know what I mean? That's the chef you feel me? He he that nigga gonna cook something up. You know what I'm talking about One of the best to ever do it and the thing is he come with his own playbook so he know that motherfucker inside and out outside and in on some other shit and at the same time that nigga actually know what he doing ain't know what he talking about.


He putting niggas in position, he going eat and do hella shit but I ain't gonna lie the way Cam and Earl, she Bebe and motherfucking the way them niggas come in hitting shit. Niggas remember that morning remember that place So nigga shit get real though you feel what I'm talking about. And then knock on y'all beating them then, then you go up against you know unquote the goat Brady had him, had him had him against the motherfucking rope on the rope I'm talking about on the ropes like like like what was that going up against Bill Hick and him that game We know, we know obviously we know the outcome of that situation facts but you know some bullshit but anyway so oh shit. Nah yo, I talk about it all the time about certain things bro.


And I even talked about it this year with Lamar and Jo Allen. I already told him Jos Allen was gonna win MVP because I just felt like they, how you knew Nick, you got the script So you been on there with Skip and all got the fan with me man they trying to make it face So you man they could try, they could try to look the thing is they could try to do whatever they want, I get it. You know what I mean? But you can't deny that l the L that nigga man. For sure. That's what I'm saying. L that nigga for sure bro. I I look at it this I I I was just looking at the way I was looking at it but obviously back to that Super Bowl number two you was in with the Legion of boom going against Tom Brady. What was that game playing like? Man that shit was, I mean you know considering where it went to, you know what I mean?


It'd be a lot of mixed emotions and you know what I mean the, the answer of that question, that shit change as you evolve as a person and you know what I mean, the more you doing your life and hella shit. So you, I mean you get to learn shit from it. See what it really make you and make of you this man I ain't gonna hold you. Like a lot of niggas can't come back from that and I mean you see what's going on with with how the world react to that shit. Oh y'all, you feel what I'm saying? But I mean at the same time like to let that shit affect me in a way to where I'm, you know what I mean, always fucked up over it or negative thinking behind it a nigga can't move forward for sure and you feel me though, I'm about beating my feet, you know what I'm talking about 10 toes to the pavement going to go get it how I get it So you know what I mean?


It just teach a nigga a as bad as it might seem, it ain't always how it look but I mean you know just, just playing against dog you feel me though is it's another situation just like, you know what I mean When you got 18 on the other side, when you got paid on the other side like at any given moment this nigga can go up and I believe the game plan at that point in time was to keep that nigga off the field as much as you can So you throw a pass. You feel me though, that way if it's incomplete for sure he is gonna stop the clock then you get back to how you gonna maneuver or whatever quote unquote how a nigga was told what was going on. But in that type of situation for sure, yeah a nigga want the ball all of shit.


But you know what I mean, just knowing that you got somebody on the other side of the field who really get down like that, you gotta do what you gotta do in order to keep that nigga in check. And the only way you can keep that nigga in check is if you don't have him on the field kind of way. Like Mahomes you don't, you don't want him to have that ball man shit it seem like that's the same kind of way now like you can, you can do great against him but if he got the ball last he gonna scuff it's kind of like that kind of shit man. You know what, and then I've been saying this for about like the last two weeks or something though, you feel me? Because I got the opportunity to do some shit with Patrick Mahomes daddy, I oh oh dope had ma homie daddy solid as fuck. I already know. And then when you come up underneath that type of ism you you ain't got no choice but that shit to just rub off on you though, you feel me?


And it's hard to shake some some real ism when you got it, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah but that nigga bounced out the motherfucking Prius Uber nigga and fired up a black nigga. I said oh yeah I'm for sure in the right space told y'all nigga leave me nigga them, you feel me? I don't know what it is about niggas with blacks bro. Like you feel me? We cool ass niggas and hella shit though. But nigga you can't just tell us to do some shit that ain't, you know what I mean? And then expect it to get done like we got our own little type of thing and that nigga is for sure one of them type of individuals bro. And he gotta seed and that you could see it any, even if he don't like you could tell he got something on the inside of the dog that you feel me?


Because any nigga that I throw a round the back pass in a football game like you know what I mean? Everybody look at it as like genius but you gotta know like that nigga ain't rap too tight. You feel what I'm saying? So nigga you know you need a little bit of that to be great, especially in this world. Oh I I told the people that a couple weeks ago is is Patrick Mahomes nigga's p you know it's Patrick Mahomes when his daddy hang around, you know they they they at the crib eating off theirs when daddy come around they got them got them ribs. Yeah pull them cribs they motherfucker around see every yeah nigga and I want them flats nigga facts. Oh them flats around Wayne. But yeah he, you know what I mean, I really like and I ain't gonna hold you like nigga as far as the game like I fuck with with Saquon tough, you feel me?


Because at the time right now you got what you got going on but how they disrespecting the running back and hella shit and it's a quarterback game So you know I love to see bruh get one but realistically I ain't gonna hold you. I wanna see a three peak.


Hey it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. So we ask kids, what do you want your parents to hear? I feel sometimes that I'm not listened to. I would just want you to listen to me more often and evaluate situations with me and lead me towards success. Listening is a form of love. Find resources to help you, support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Dot org That's sounded out together. Dot org brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal


Come on. Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Country music's biggest superstars, Brooks and Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hutt, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman, Nate Smith all on one stage hosted by Bobby Bones, iHeart Country Festival. Olivia Streaming live only on Hulu and you can be there in person. Tickets are on sale now. Don't miss out What is up? Austin, Texas get yours before they sell out@ticketmaster.com. That's ticketmaster.com and we'll see you at our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One.


Y'all so much. I said for sure wanna see a three piece. I want to see it because I I feel like I I will be able to say he goat you a Dallas fan bro. I'll be able to say he a goat three number one three a Dallas fan. Yeah I'm a cowboy fan. Cowboy fan. Fight for life even though we ain't what for? Damn we trash. Alright. Damn you beat me to it 'cause I'm finna come for you. I was coming think of you even though you did your thing in Buffalo and I don't think about if you would've been a cowboy, you had that store in your goddamn head be smoke.


Hey I ain't going think about that. I ain't gonna hold you. You gotta remember like when I, when I was getting drafted and shit, you feel me? I had to talk to all 32 teams 'cause they wanted to know my story because my shit ain't always been, you know, smooth sailing in what we got going on. You know nigga has some trials and tribulations. Who, you know what I mean? Former young individual who well I ain't no nigga out they I'm super unc, you know what I'm talking about but you know what I mean. Informed the nigga that's in front of you today type shit. But when I went to go meet with him he said something Jerry Jones say something to him. He said hey you know what man it's crazy that you sit right there because all the great running backs that came, you know what I mean, through this motherfucker they all sat in that seat and across there is where all the receivers sat at.


He like, so whether we draft you or not, I know you gonna be great. I'm like damn okay you I don't wanna know who sat here said all of them, anyone that you could think of they sat right here Emmett. They set like the whole, you know what I'm talking about. I say shit, well if I'm going down the right path then shit all right just by touching in the seat and then you know now a nigga think back on it. You feel me as, you know what I mean? Like damn nigga really did have a, I mean a solid career solid. Have a more in the solid career man I'm I'm Finn matter of fact, nah we ain't going, you talking about me being down nothing. We ain't going say this. No I'm saying this, you know it was, it was solid career.


Alright we can call it great too. Can't say that fans like you had a great career. Oh let's get to that. How do you feel about the hall? About the Hall of Fame? How do you feel about that? I ain't young, I ain't girl you give a damn. Nah I mean look the thing is like, you know what I mean? When a nigga got what they call it when they put me up they say it was an opportunity for Miguel. Like all right for sure. But what I'll tell you is straight up like as far as if a nigga first ballot or not, like if it don't happen then I don't think it is gonna happen. But then that's, that's it. You feel me? I don't even want to smoke like I ain't because I don't wanna sit around waiting on that type of shit when I could be going out here to go and do, you know what I mean?


So much other shit and then go get how I would look at it is respecting the other crafts that wasn't my main, you know what I mean? Situation like I done done shit to where you know it wasn't my, my calling or you know what I mean? How a nigga get down and being rewarded to the highest degree in those type of situations. So what it'll let me know is even though it ain't happened the way that it was supposed to for me with, you know what I mean being first ballot or nothing then I mean you know it's cool. Fuck it. You got over 10,000 rush yards over 85 touchdown over what? 2,500 receiving yards bro. Super Bowl ring. What year is it?


Five time Pro Bowl, five Hall of Fame man. And know and when we know, we know that we know that that politics, we know it flawed like politics, we know that shit flawed them motherfucker. But like you say, Whether you get in on the first time or not, you a motherfucking hall of famer that that's just what it is. What you done? What we seen your impact on the motherfucking field when B Smoke is in the backfield motherfucking bouncing off you bro. That I ain't never been, that motherfucker not lit. I'm in I man I ain't gonna hold you man that you real it, it be making a nigga feel like that but then nigga just gotta come back to reality and realize that a nigga in the hall of Fame are my nigga G. So facts, I'm good long as I'm in the hall of Fame of my nigga God I'm solid.


Alright. Feel that's the only thing that matters in the Yeah. Hell yeah. So shit, it is what it is. Your toughest, your toughest hit you ever took in the NFL. Ooh shit there was two of 'em. Carlos dance being Deko Ryans head coach from the Texans, right? Yes sir. Okay, nigga got a nigga boy you were concussed. Nah, hell no cut. Nah, I went and tried to get him for the rest of the game. Dogg tried to get both of them niggas too and they, them some big ass niggas too, you feel me? I mean I yeah, I mean I what, five 11 what? 2 2 20 at the time And them, you feel me? Them some they they some big niggas I nigga, you feel me? I'm trying to see what's up but both of them niggas done slap nigga though.


Bam. Oh I spend the rest of the game trying to get them niggas back. But yeah, both of them niggas done. You know what I mean? What's the, what, what's the fuck of people out there gonna know what's the, what's, what's the grind and train account like before you even go to the train account and with the team, what are you doing to prepare yourself before that? That it is awkward bro. I ain't gonna hold you man. Kinda like ai you different man. Look, 'cause the thing is right you most, most motherfuckers got like a set schedule where you know get up in the morning probably go and bust down or something and then you know go through they day and then if they gonna get down again they'll probably go, you know, bust down again or something. But you know what I mean? Realistically I'll do shit like I'll go through my whole day, you know what I mean?


I've been doing hella shit, I might even step outside. You feel me though? Go get on some put, see what's happening with some pearl, you know what I mean? Yeah. Talk my shit, you know what I mean? And nigga maybe like around, you know, 2 33, 4 o'clock, that's when I'll go and put in my work. You feel me though? Whether I done, you know what I mean, had a couple drinks or something but it, it would never stop me so nigga I'll get up, I had a thing where I'll go run bleachers, I'll go run heels, I'll go get in the in the sand, do some feet work, you know what I mean? Or I'm to the gym, you know what I mean? Get down with a bus down, you feel me?


That lift little weights or something like that or something. Or I'll go and do sound of steam room type shit. But I would always, these things would change throughout the day, throughout the week. And then you feel me, motherfuckers always just talk like bro, I don't never see you work out bro, but you strong as hell. Like yeah because probably when you sleep, you know what I mean? Getting ready to get up to go to work in the morning, that's when I'm busting down. Then I see you when I see you at work and then I just do what we got on the card. But you know a lot of motherfuckers beating, alright I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. You know what I mean? But I took something that I think really helped my career was was swimming. Swimming and I rode bike.


You don't need to, you feel me? It's just getting in that water that resisted that shit. You know what I mean? That it, what I, what I learned is it worked all the little muscles that you don't know you need to be right. But nigga the probably the, the, the swimming pool is probably the best, the best thing for any athlete, you know what I mean? The best thing like it ain't no wear and tear on your body. You always getting resistance and you working muscles. You don't even know you working that you don't even got, you don't even know that shit work. Dang. Yeah nigga put me on game with this shit. Real look man it's all good man. That's what we here for know I'm switch over to Box.


You know a little bit about boxing man. What, what, who? You, who you got got Canelo and and Crawford. Crawford Crawford all day. Man that nigga boy. First of all that nigga named Bud. Bud for sure. And then nigga I like it. If I could just imagine dog, you feel me running around because I believe from O Omaha Yeah Nebraska I could see that nigga like somebody coming knocking on cousin's door like hey Kim Bull come out like hold on, they gonna tell that nigga he come outside no shoes, you feel me? No socks like what we doing today nigga? We playing hoop. Alright come on let's go like bro you ain't got no putting on no shoes? No it's cool. I don't need 'em.


That's the type of individual that I see that nigga is, you feel me? Like he, he remind me of one of them badass kids that's gonna come out and you know you gonna have hell of aw shit here, here come dog but not on no bully shit but more so like y'all already know what's up with me but the, he look like he run outside with no with no feet on just ugh getting to it, whatever we doing But you know he got shot, got shot in the head and drove himself to the hospital. He one them tight. Well then there you go, throw the bigger motherfucker who got shot in the head. Oh shit, fuck it. Fuck, fuck yeah man you I'm talking about that look. Yeah I'm pretty sure that nigga probably smoke blacks too.


Yeah that nigga, that nigga on Angels does that damn PCP man my damn boy. My nigga turn him in the Smokey, you know what I mean? Yeah. But yeah though I, yeah I fuck with Bud for sure though bro. Right now the NFL running back who remind you of yourself man? Who? Remind me of myself. Even though you won of a kind but but it it it's somebody have to that be tolding that bitch. Yeah I mean damn it's so many of them niggas man. Oh shit. Taquan be tolding that motherfucker. Yeah sa yeah but Saquon different though. That nigga jump over people backwards and shit, you feel me? Nigga. Hey tested that nigga sitting your tongue man.


What God damn dog. Yeah dog that I'll probably say like I like Montgomery, Detroit. Yeah, yeah my nigga. Yeah Montgomery, you feel me? He he looking ahead bust shit so I fuck with dog but I mean you know I fuck with a lot of these niggas though bro. You feel me? Lot, lot Lee Bass reach out to you and ask you for advice or come train we this. Well I mean no, I mean you know, it it, you know what the thing is I hollered at at Baby Dion a couple days ago. He was telling like yeah bro like you know you don't reach out, you on holler like so I mean you know how I look at it is more so like you know I just enjoy watching the little niggas get down and how they moving.


So if nigga do reach out then it's always love. But for the most part, you feel me though, give a nigga the space lady Sure get down how you get down. But if it come to a little nigga who I see probably going through some shit or might need a, a little reminder or some shit though, then I tap in on some, hey look bro, it's good just tap in with me if you need something but you know realistic. So what I'm telling you, if you a little nigga out there and you getting down nigga and you want to holler at bruh, then come holler at super. You feel me though, we gonna figure it out. So I mean it ain't like, you know it's a, a wall or a block with it. Especially with how you could get in contact with just about anybody right now. But I mean, you know, I make sure that, I mean every time I see a running back or something for sure running back try to, you know what I mean, encourage little nigga to keep going, keep doing they thing regardless to the position that they in.


But I mean a nigga could really do better on, you know what I mean, reaching out to niggas and getting right. But that's, that's, that's the reason why I I was saying it. 'cause anything I do I wanna be Greg addict bro. So if, if, if, if I'm gonna run back bro, I wanna reach out to you and ERs and them and pick y'all frame anything I can just kind of steal, gimme a edge over the next because like you say the running back position right now has been walking down for sure and I hate that they getting that saco and get that damn ru. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like they, they feel like they can go out and get I run it back at any time. I don't, I don't think so. Nah not, I mean not when you got, you feel me, you got niggas right now like you got Naji, you got Joe and them, them little niggas from the home to me so what's happening to my young niggas, you feel what I'm saying?


And then it's a little another little nigga I think in Buffalo from Frisco. I'm drawing a blank on your name but I've been watching you little nigga seeing you do your shit respect but I mean think it Fred I can't Yeah 26 think no Davis think it might be Davis Buffalo. I'm yeah I nigga his dad he cool. Yeah he from Frisco. Yeah. You know what I mean? He another nigga up about the section about the soil but I mean, you know just a a a lot of these niggas and the thing be, you know what I mean to the, you know what I mean like you got young niggas so they, they might be looking at it the same way like you know OG probably, you know what I mean doing this shit or whatever. It was no different than, you know what I mean? When, when I was in my position and I, you know what I mean, I'm looking up to the niggas who did it before me and it's like damn I don't want to go holler at OG 'cause you know he probably got hella shit going on and they looking at like ah lil youngster trying to figure it out, this, that or third.


But it ain't too much of a a disconnect through all of us and I'm talking about from the running back position 'cause shit nigga just pulled up at the hotel and Emmett Smith pull up on a nigga like man I'm like damn Emmett Smith that nigga looking at me like damn nigga beast mode. And I'm like shit bro it's a pleasure to, you know what I mean, put it together with you, this that nah nigga come here sit down nigga. Shit that shit threw me off like hang on you feel me? Like yeah what's good though you feel me? Yeah you get to sit down there and chop game and I'm down like oh this nigga, oh this nigga a solid nigga ain't no different from when I nigga pull up on Barry or Eric Dickerson I talk to you feel me though. Someone real older niggas you know Sha that Alexander you feel me though?


Jerome betis Lt you feel me though? Like Marcus Allen like all these nigga like damn hold on. Oh you niggas is niggas then you think about it as far as a position type situation you get that most running back. Them niggas done came from up outta something though. These the same niggas who running down the street with no feet on. You feel me? Just trying to get there, trying to do it like oh okay. Yeah but you know the the misconception of you know all of this is that everybody too got something going on to where they too busy but nah nigga it don't take nothing but for a individual to reach out or get the connection that they need 'cause you know what I mean at the end of the day nigga we all need that. We all need that. Even in your space like comedian that you, you know what I mean, probably look at, you know what I mean reach out to that nigga just on the strength for for sure.


Yeah I tapped in with dog you feel me? But it's either yourself, no it ain't gonna kill you ain't gonna, the worst thing that gonna come out of it is knowing you ain't had that shit already. So Yeah. You know what I mean? But that's that that's something that I believe like is missing with, you know what I mean? Especially the generation of of running backs and then what, you know what I mean? Derrick, Henry, Quan Najee, Josh Jacobs, you know what I mean? Yeah. He face, you know what I mean all you know what I mean? Jones, you know what I mean? Montgomery, the little nigga out in Atlanta like all these little niggas who out there running like Robinson Robinson. Oh man. And then get like all them, all the niggas who really, you feel me though getting active and rocking though.


Like I, I would, I would, I would encourage them niggas to whoever was they dude when they was growing up to reach out to 'em. Even if it ain't to build a relationship it's just to have a conversation with them to let these niggas know like hey, you know what I mean a nigga respect what you did this, that and the third whether it's I modeled my game after you or I heard you know you in an interview and I like what you were saying but at the end of the day to give a open, you feel me though, an open conversation to nigga if you need something I'm gonna holler at you in nigga we can figure it out. 'cause a lot of shit that they was going through right now, especially in the free agency, it ain't no way in the world you should have had motherfucking saquon Josh Jacobs and fucking Dick Henry hit pre agency that No sir it's a no no sir.


Hell nah that should have, it never should have happened. You feel what I'm saying? Them niggas but the thing is how they disrespect the position make shit a little different but you know what I mean. When you can holler at somebody who done been through what you been been through, it ain't so much more of a nigga trying to tell you what to do. It's just more so like hey nigga you not the only person who going through this shit. Like I went through the same thing but the thing is I wish I would've been able to holler at a a Barry Sanders, you know what I mean? Emmy Smith, you feel me though? Corey Dillion motherfucking oh yeah nigga Jamal Lewis like you know to go high at some of them niggas who are Davis nigga was out there running it TV for the red skin.


Like nigga I was watching them nigga like damn nigga. But the thing is all I know was what they was doing but when you go through what you going through when you had to, you know what I mean? Figure it out. What you doing for your business Like nigga I wish I would've been able to holler at them for them niggas to gimme some little insight on how they finna play the game and how they gonna finesse it nigga. 'cause then then you go into that it ain't that stressful but you kind of gotta idea of what's going on, how they trying to play shit, how they looking at shit. It's like I was telling you a little earlier like motherfucker we look at it like oh yeah these motherfuckers hiding behind the business type shit and haha you seen it, maybe you could speak on this like when y'all have bonuses and seniors to reach and some kind of coaches don't let players, you know what I'm saying, reach those.


I mean it's a business, there's a business now. Yeah I mean you know we all seen it to where you know playing time might go down you might be on the verge of, you know what I mean, getting that extra five yards that you need to hit a $2 million incentive. But I mean you gotta think about it, you don't have to. But when you think about it on the other, on the other end as far as this coach and if that coach can save the organization $2 million, another 500,000, that's a 500,000, 2 million that they don't gotta pay and now that's all profit for them.


You feel what I'm saying? So then you look at it a little different like well shit, now I run businesses and shit like, and I got business like oh shit, oh this why they did that. Like damn it ain't even personal against this motherfucker. But if I'm looking at it and now I got, you know I got my my my god baby in here, you feel me? Shit, I'm looking at it like shit if I go ahead and get this 1500 yards I'll be able to go get an extra 500. You know what I mean? To two M baby what you want from that? We finna go to the, what's that damn store called Rainbow at Eastmont. We finna go to Rainbow and you gonna go in there and you gonna go get your shit. What you going crazy to a rainbow out here?


They got rainbow out here, the trees see the tree? I yeah I'm gonna goat at City Tree. Well that's what I'm saying. You feel me? We not only that, we gonna go to Claire's afterwards. Go ahead and get you some of them goddamn war skis them motherfucker, whatever the fuck them is and we going to, you feel me? We going to get active, you know what I mean? My type of nigga man I don't say so nigga is it it it be shit like that and then it, but then when you get to that point then you start thinking But that's as you grow though. Yeah but you gotta have somebody who can give you some ism on that for do you to put it in perspective for you could get it. And then the thing is, you know we got a lot of individuals who are around us who don't speak the same language. Now we get it, we can hear it but at the end of the day when we break it down it's completely different than whatever the fuck it was that we just broke down.


Yeah. So now it's like oh okay well what the fuck did I really get myself into? You know what I mean? So what do you think your old coach gonna bring to the Las Vegas Raiders p to the writer. I know for sure what I know Dogg gonna bring, he gonna bring a culture for sure. He gonna bring a culture, he gonna have a lot of fun and that motherfucker, the thing is he know what he know what he know not even know what he doing. He know what he looking for. He know what the team is. And the thing is, I believe he don't look at it at and say like, oh I need to recreate the 2010, 2000 and when I leave about that bitch, my last game with him was two 20.


Who was it? So you looking for 2010 when I got there, the two 20 with my last game with him. Like that nigga mine like, you know what I mean? He a, he really a shrink like a therapist or a, you know what I mean? So social. Yeah. You know what I mean? Psychology, I like Phil Jackson, he psychology though, you feel me? What can I do right now to bring the best outta you? You know what I mean? He gonna bring that outta individuals. But he also know the individuals that you would be one of the niggas that he'll bring. You feel me? Because I see what you doing. Okay now I'm gonna do my psychology thing on you and let me see where I could take you to make you even better.


Now for me it wasn't that me and this nigga was on the same level, but when that nigga did what he did, now I'm mad as fuck. And then when you get a nigga who mad as fuck, who if you say all right Sean, we need you to go run through this white wall right here behind the the camera and at the same time you already know I'm gonna go and do that shit 110 and I'm not hot but now you done made me hot nigga this motherfucking peeler don't stand a chance. I'm finna run through that bitch and keep his trucking on there yet. But he knew how to, he knew how to bring that shit outta not just me but every player that he had. And I think, you know what I mean, Annie a big nigga So you feel me?


He got ties to the bay and I know he, even though they the Las Vegas Raiders, he's still looking at him as the, you know what I mean? For sure. And like you just said the the brain shit outta people. And that's kind of like why, how I do that trash shit nigga? I'm not trashing the person, I'm just trashing the play because I, I know what you can do motherfucker. Anybody in the NFL or any professional sports is not trash bro. But some nights we all can be trash out. Nah, I be some trash nigga but you know what I'm saying. Motherfucker out there shooting three for 30 you mother fucking club, you know what I'm saying? Strips and shit nigga you bullshit. You know what I'm saying? You bullshit. You ain't like great players don't have bad game back to back, back to back.


Yeah you bullshitting my nigga. You trash, I'm gonna call you out on it. I'm gonna let you know nigga you can do better. All right. You know what I'm saying before that comes from like motherfucker, come on bro stop you seven B can't get a motherfucking rebound. Oh God, seven feet three rebound, you get your ass over here with me. They don't have that, they don't have people around them, you know what I'm saying? Letting them know that yes you getting 30 and 40 million, that's cool nigga, but gimme 30, 40 million motherfucking rebounds. That's what I need you to do. Rebound and pass the ball. We ain't shooting threes today. Shit, ain't no niggas doing whatever they wanna do nothing. They ain't got nobody holding around. So that was, that's a big thing like I was telling you earlier, like nigga, you know they gotta be all on one accord thinking the same.


Like nigga I know one thing about about us that point in time nigga. I mean, you know I I done, I done did it with the, you know what I mean? Arguably one of the best corners to ever bless the motherfuckers game. Richard. I done came to the sideline on Sherman, told that nigga like bruh, hey, hey now I hey, hey, hey you seen what number 25 was guarding the nigga who played quarterback but they put him at receiver and they threw that nigga at pass and, and and, and and and he got a touchdown. That nigga said, Hey, hey, hey did you see when the nigga who wear number 24 and he got a handoff and he got hit and and he fumbled the ball?


Ooh. I said, nigga, oh yeah. Did you see when, when that happened the, the running back number 24 when it scored two touchdowns rushing and one receiving. He said oh yeah but did you see when number 25 when in locked down every goddamn receiver and nobody had a motherfucker? I said ooh shit I see you. That was how niggas kept each other accountable. So it wasn't just nigga when it was good, if it was ugly for us, nigga you nigga you ain't exempt shine. I don't know what the fuck you doing. I don't know what plays they calling but nigga you out here nigga weak than a motherfucker.


Man shut your mark ass up nigga. All right, watch this now nigga. 'cause this is my brother though, you feel what I'm saying? Not just sure nigga. Now I have to list the whole fucking, you know you had the earl over? Yeah you counseling bro. Cam, Earl, Earl, nigga Maxwell, bb Man Free Freeda hung free BB man. You know what I'm talking about bb then you talk about the D line nigga. Mike Bennett, cliff Averil, motherfucker McDonald nigga Williams, nigga, nigga, nigga the home team. Bang, bang nigga you got all nigga Bobby, Wagner, kj, Mike Mo Leroy, you got all the nigga, they gonna keep you. You feel me though, accountable if Sean come out there on some bullshit.


Yeah, they on my line. Hey bro, know what the fuck you on nigga talk that motherfucker camera come to a nigga like this. Hey, do I need to hit you nigga for you to wake up bro, I'm good. We on you feel what I'm saying? We, we, we, we them niggas, you know, but we was all on the same accord to where I'm gonna go and get at them niggas the same way. And there ain't no disrespect, it's just nigga, I expect better outta you.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. So we asked kids, what do you want your parents to hear? I feel sometimes that I'm now listened to. I would just want you to listen to me more often and evaluate situations with me and lead me towards success. Listening is a form of love. Find resources to help you, support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Dot org, that's sounded out together. Dot org brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal


Come up.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Country music's biggest superstars, Brooks and Dunn Boo Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman, Nate Smith all on one stage hosted by Bobby Bones, iHeart Country Festival. Olivia, you streaming live only on Hulu and you can be there in person. Tickets are on sale now. Don't miss out What is up? Austin, Texas get yours before they sell out@ticketmaster.com. That's ticketmaster.com and we'll see you at our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One.


Y'all all hungry out and shit outside. You know what I'm saying? Like Kiki, you know what I'm saying nigga? What man? They already know man. IYD nigga I'm your daddy. All them niggas kids is, is, I call them Paw Babies or I'm their grandpa, you know what I mean? I'm, I'm to the house on weekends, I'm to the house on birthdays, I'm on the house. When graduations, I'm pulling up to the schools on little nigga. Hold on man. Where my little nigga at? Man? Oh, where baby girl at? You feel me though? Like I, I grew with them Roddy, man, you feel what I'm saying? Nigga, they kids look at me as, you feel me though, pawpaw, or they'll call me up.


You feel what I'm saying? But this is the, the love and respect that we got with her. Now this just wasn't in, in Seattle. I did this when I was in Buffalo and then this is how I was when I was in Oakland. So you feel me? This is just who a nigga is. But if we fuck with it, bro, and I finna go and bust a nigga head for you. Like the, the the, the biggest thing that I learned was me being came to me was like, Hey nigga, whatever you do, nigga, keep running that ball because I like my checks nigga. Nigga, as long as you out there running that motherfucking ball nigga I'm gonna be able to get paid. And I say, damn, that's how you, he like, yeah nigga the, the harder you run, the better opportunity for the me to get my dough.


I said oh shit. So nigga, Whether you know it or not, when I'm looking out there at Receiver and I got Sidney Rice, Doug Baldwin, motherfucking Golden Tate, motherfucking Percy Harvey, Jermaine Curse Dope, Matthews nigga Ricardo Lockett, Lil baby lock it. Like all these niggas like I'm out there. I'm looking like oh that's my nigga. Not because he on my team, nigga that's my nigga because nigga just last night nigga we was just doing some, you know what I mean? We was just doing some shit that coulda nigga put us somewhere where we ain't gonna go or you know I just pulled up to my nigga house and when it met my nigga mom nigga pops, nigga wife, nigga aunties, nigga cousins man.


Matter of fact, tell your cousins come over to the house nigga we chilling. You know you don't go out so don't even worry about it man. Tell 'em niggas come pull up to the crib nigga we gonna get down, we gonna function nigga I got a real relationship with these individuals, you feel what I'm saying? So it ain't just no football shit. And why don't get love from, from these, from these fathers and I'm taking care of their kids. You take care of your kids father. Oh my step kids. Oh shit, the fathers disrespectful. I make shit easy on them niggas man. Oh yeah boy. What you doing man? You know what I'm saying? They used to show me love bro. Them niggas is, is is. Nah they show love differently. Them niggas trying to harm me man. I'm taking care. They horn is man. Mm. I pull up they pulling pistols on me. You know what I'm saying?


I'm not, you talking about the kids pulling pistols on you Right. They dads bro. Shit, I pull up, you know what I'm saying? Hey nigga you doing they job, them niggas shit have hit you with the what's happening my nigga. I supposed I'm trying. Hey dad, hey me. You need some water nigga? Hold on. Hey, hey man, when you bust this joke you should say it like this. Yeah nigga we supposed to be in this together nigga that that's what I thought. You feel what Im saying nigga? Yeah, yeah put nigga jumped on me, you know what I'm saying nigga we family at this point. That's what I thought. But you know I had to call the police and his kids have to see him go in jail. Shit. Well now you the op and I press charges. You goddamn damn right I'm not you the ain't me. He ain't fo it shit, shit trash So, you know what I mean?


That's nigga disrespectful man. Nah hell nah man. Shit. So you a super stepdaddy and a super uncle? Yeah, a super stepdaddy and a and and a super dad. So do they call you unc? Yeah, the kids. Nah they call me Mister Mister Mr. I gonna call the purple. What, what you got going on Man, I had a ceiling on the phone earlier though man. This be having the best though. They got they, hey see? Alright nigga. That's what this the nigga I've been waiting for, Seeley's got they they man what does what the, I don't wanna go after the, you know the s Nah I Mm, they ain't got that where? What I want the club football man.


Yeah take that bitch. Take that bitch off. I'm telling you. Well me and my pastor got into a fight behind a handicapped woman because she had some cream. You not talking about Let me push a nah nigga I'm pushing this one nigga. Yeah me. Oh he tried to slide in on the end of what he rolled away man. Went a new train. I woulda got on the motherfucker like you could push us nigga baby. You all right? Did was her legs, she could feel her legs? Yeah. Yeah she could feel her leg. Oh okay. Well I probably wouldn't have sat on her legs but I already got on the back of them handles sideways and that bitch like bitch like I got, I got a pick up so I just, you know she come on, I pick up, put in the truck, throw it, we jump back in the truck and we gone. Oh you, oh you efficient y for sure man that motherfucker be rolling all in the back and shit.


Oh shit, I done got the, who the fuck shit. Oh baby, that's your wheelchair. You know what I mean? She maintaining you So you know she like to do it anywhere so I like pull on the side of the road, you know what I'm saying? Get it in. You gotta bring the wheelchair out or no? No in in the truck. In the truck. I about look come here, what's handing come here, you know what I'm saying? Ain't that strong so I hug her. I lean on like a box So you know I smoke. So you hug? Yeah, real talk. Oh So you giving smoke, you making love with slow no condom. Yeah raw dog Come, come on you gotta put on a please no trust. You trusting. Ain't nobody else getting it but me. Boy you got a lot of motherfucking heart. You say you trusting and Coke can't kill me.


Can't. Well are you a bad man? I had covid 70 times you ever had Covid Have a girl give you head, you so warm. That's and you ain't say nothing either. And what Nick were tingling like a motherfucker. I couldn't even see was it from the head or from the covid. Nick can't even smell nothing. Wasn't trying to Hell no. IA just been watching that meat like going in Huh? Damn wait till I had hundred 32. Oh shit boy you about damn near dead still with that head though nigga still going that neck. Damn. I put one 60 the cash out. Come here man. You paying for it. You from the south for sure.


So you know no pimp, we ain't like that. Yeah we just trying to see what that neck do. Damn. You know what I'm saying? Y'all gonna make her go get the Yeah go get it. You know you'll keep the neck. Take that shit to him John, Joe or Marvin. You feel what I'm saying? Bitch talk to the rocks in my ear baby because I can't hear you but man that's some cold shit boy. I don't, I ain't never had no no wheelchair pussy before the bitch. You a bad man chick but wooden leg, one leg ain't talking about the rods no more. They used have a wooden leg you can take it off and stand it up. She had broke ankle. She had in the car wreck in one of them little scooty things.


She, she had her car wreck bro. So you are like she could take the leg off wooden leg. She could take it off. When we get into an argument I take the leg with me and get the running. Huh? Bitch you ain't going nowhere and be juing her ass on some dayday shit. You can't catch me. This where you going? Oh you a bad man. I like took her leg off up standing behind, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Throw bitch like rock and shit. But do you hold the leg while you doing it? Yeah but do you touch, do you touch like the bottom part, her fake leg and shit like when she have it on I'm rubbing on the face and she can't feel it. I'm rubbing on the whole time. It's all a visual. Yeah, it's all, yeah niggas is visual baby. Long as do the leg match the, the skin tone too? Hell no.


It's all, it's all. Oh man, God. But you guy though man. No man. Yeah man I, I lost that rest in peace baby. Yeah man I did you bury your leg with her too? I cremated the family didn't have no money on insurance So you know it was $10,000 to bur. I cremate 1500 I money my but did you, did you keep the leg though? Nah, I as a man. Man you got a trophy that motherfucker put that motherfucker right next to your eyes. Course 87 Caprice. I still got, you still got the, I got the cap. Oh yeah, next week. Who on the 4G? Yes, I, yeah. That's a memory you can't forget. Hey real talk do that motherfucker still slide though. Yeah still slide damn blood. I that motherfucker what?


Talking about man, now you about to have me looking for some wheelchair pussy to try to see what's up. Hey hard bro ain't wet. I took that knife off, off of Ooh hold on nigga. You said you what? Slide the D off like pull it to the side? Yeah. Oh. Come in. Don't knock it until you trying be smoke. Hey my nigga. You as a whole dog boy. I'm different. I'm telling you get hey it's Hugs real talk the hug depend Hug. Yes sir. And then get active. Get active real talk and no complaining or nothing. Just proud because she used to be like you going to eat me? Never, never. So hold on you ain't, you ain't deep sea dive in the ocean.


Nah, hell no. No I wasn't gonna do all that. Now this nigga, if you going raw you might as well. Nah man go here we get your little ass. I got a cool now name. Na you got a na. Oh boy you went motherfuckers boy you went to the depths of the south to go get you a na. They still make Nadines at 25 18. Boy, I ain't heard of Nadine in a long time. Is it? Is it that is it that. Oh we, oh we so good. I went and find her son a job. If you come work for me parole too. Is that the little nigga who been ah nigga over here right here the whole time. Nah that ain't oh that ain't him.


Oh my bad bro. My fee, you feel me? I finna say damn you. Oh you wasn't bullshitting? Nah that ain't him. He ain't here today. Oh okay. Nigga got a day off you feel me? With to go. You get PTO with the team. Oh okay. All good man. That's over baby. Yeah, that's what type of time it is. But you a wild boy. I couldn't understand how you say you go in the thing. Yeah nigga raw dog nigga no rubber Mr. Roski. What's your name of her ear when I'm hit you? You say you whispering that ear. Take this meat, take this. Oh nigga I'm talking about take like I'm on them superstar riding on that. So is you a, a a a hook?


Like hook? Yeah, both like here with it. She already ain't got no leg. I said I take that off. They nub just dar. Yeah I be thinking it's a pistol and shit. I be, she probably hold that motherfucker over here. Get the busting. That motherfucker boy gonna be and aquir across the room, across the room, across the hallway And I catch you. But you ain't eating at that So you just playing in that motherfucker like the sprinklers and shit? Yes sir. Yes sir. Oh you up? Yeah you we got a tape it gonna come out. Oh this Doba BBA billion on you. Billions on, on the fan when it come out. I'm not bullshit you a bad motherfucker but man I ain't gonna hold you like nigga, I, you feel me?


I done watch. You feel me though. Watch your, your, your videos and hella shit. For sure bro. I couldn't wait to put it together with you 'cause man you know I had a opportunity, you know what I mean? Trying to put individuals in positions to get on So you know what I mean. Don't don't nigga don't don't go MIA nigga when a nigga get an opportunity 'cause a nigga for sure wanna work with you on some like you feel me though because I be trying to do some little funny shit or I'm really, and then nigga I been putting on one of the niggas out the section from, well a couple niggas out the section. You got Louis Bell? Bell? Yeah, me and him Bow I fuck with for sure. And then my nigga Frisco, Philly b then there's another couple niggas out the town that I really fuck with.


Skinny Buff. Like I got a restaurant back at home, Rob Benz, Rob Benz, Rob Beans. Okay. Yeah. So if you ever in the town, you feel me, they'll go pull up, see what's happening. But we used to do like a little comedy night on Friday was hosted by Sonny Bone, skinny Buff and they was bringing everybody through the section come get down out there, you feel me? And then we, we had a, a Hollywood writer, a nigga was trying to develop like a little car, little TV show and shit. He supposed to be a writer commu a comedy writer and all that shit. That nigga got up there boy. And they must have hit that nigga with one of them. Apollo Sandman ain't get your ass up about it. Ooh girl what mad the Bay Area let you know.


Yeah they going for sure let you know they wasn't going for dog, you feel me? I done done Tommy Tees two times bro. Oh yeah for sure. Oh yeah, So you locked pull up there Smash, you know, but Bay Area gonna let you know if you got it or not bro. Yeah, just and that's if you want to test your material go out there, they gonna let you know. Oh yeah, for sure you was all right. What? Yeah, I, I am my nigga. Okay. Yeah because yeah they'll come get on your shit quick shit and jump online and let you know. Yeah they'll be on out on the stage trash nigga. What? And shouldn't wait to wait nigga, nigga waiting for that opportunity. I can't wait till this nigga post that video 'cause I'm finna get it. Yeah.


Came up there and kill man. I even had the fam to host. Every time I go to the Bay Area I would get somebody from the Bay Area to host or jump on stage. Okay, So you never put it together with Zo For sure for So Fab, that's yeah that's family. That line too short. We all the whole year. Fuck yeah. Yeah. Rest in peace. Rest in peace Wayne. You feel me? Yeah, yeah. You know show, show brother just passed away couple days ago so rest in peace man. I love you for that. Prayers is up. Let's get your pick man. Who, who you got? I'm going with the homie. You going with the homie? For sure. I'm going with bad ma homie. Hey bad Mahomes for sure.


But man, I mean, you know IIII ain't gonna be mad to see, to see Saquon get one after what he done put in like, you feel me? As a, as a running back nigga. We love to see that shit. We love to see that shit. I mean I'm talking about every running back that, you know what I mean? Blessed the field, you know what I mean? And told it that Tater on that motherfucker So you know what I mean? To see what he got going on and what they, you know what I mean? How they rocking. Like that's, that's a, that's a full circle type situation. And it ain't just for him though. That's for all of us. I mean, you know, especially for me considering, you know, the position that I was in with the opportunity and two of them and all the shit and not being able to get it. So you, I mean seeing be able to get down and really get one like that's, that's a blessing.


But my own selfish ways really wanna see a three p though. Ah, I'm, I'm with you on that brother. Just in case y'all just not tuning in, you know, yo, we got, we got a beast mode right here in the mother. Oh, long you live? Nah, we finn play some Bills prize pick bill, you know. Okay. He's told being presented by prize pick by the way. See man, I feel him a band. 'cause you, you got a pen that you picked that up from what? My nose bro? Yeah, because you got notes and shit nigga. I thought you come up and busting hell junk you showed then I couldn't do it. I know, but you ain't nothing on than now. Ain't nothing. No, no. Hell nah. It's hella shit out. We gonna be on hell no shit. Hell no. What's happening? That why I going ask you Hell no if you work, you know what I'm saying?


Do you, do you, you know what I'm saying? He knows what Hell, hell, Let's get to it. Let's get to the hell nah, shit. In case y'all won. Know I'm fucking ass beast mode right now, man. You know what I'm saying? When you, when you, when you out here doing your thing, know what I'm saying? Do you, are you wearing, you not wearing condoms right? What nigga? I'm rubber up. How Nah I the rain man. Man you, you more so nigga man gimme that umbrella man. You know what I'm talking about. I need that. Go ahead. I need that un umbrella and honey pack. Come on. What's that? Come on clean. Say it with me man.


Gimme that rubber and that honey pack. Stop. We gotta go to work. Stop you stop. Oh, I'm with that honey pack. Oh, off real. No man. You know what man I gotta running joke for about like 15 years with my, with my cousin man. Nigga call a nigga two kind two kind two kind. Not just one rubber but two of them motherfuckers, you feel me? Nigga call a nigga two kind boy. I ain't going out like Willie lump, lump don't that nigga. I don't have two, don't want two over my grave. I put two condoms on. I'm not finna stop no goddamn damn store spend no 3, 9 9. I ain't got it. It sell 'em individually. I ain't got, I ain't got individual money man. They got gas to get over you. I'm not doing all this shit. Oh shit man.


You brother man. Hey no man and they got all this sick shit going on right now man. Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that rain coat and then let a nigga go swimming. You talking about hell no. Hell yes. Something. Yes Lord. Gimme that.


Hey man, my prize pick man for my first time users man put $5 in man. You get 50 back instantly on prize pick. You bet. More or less on your favorite Playup man. So go and tune in right now on prize speaking. If you can't watch my show, you can listen to it. Go to Apple Podcast and Spotify, type in the bubble dub show and you know what I'm saying? Check your boy out, make sure you hit the like button. Make sure you get the comments up. Make sure you sure this I got Beast Smoke a legend in the motherfucking building. Beast Smoke. Anything else you wanna say to the people that you got coming up? Let 'em know we're gonna go out and support the movie. Go out, support the movie, watch it, leave great reviews on it. And that's what we doing.


We supporting one another. That's what we do. Man. I always say man these white people get together man. And they build each other up. Why can't we build each other up man? Why gotta be hate and all this other bullshit man we all getting money. Let's continue to get more money and build and help our communities man and Gig hoes a place to stay. They ain't gotta, I'm saying my nigga, they ain't gotta be sneaking from house to house and car. They yeah, no more couches. Nigga got condo get in this twin with a nigga you feel don't more Air Mattress my nigga no Air mattress. Nigga, we finna save these holes, man. I'm telling that Air Mattress gonna fuck that. What's that shit called? That lace front up. That motherfucker get the pulling because it got a little suede on that motherfucker. You, you know, laying on that bitch.


That thing get the pull, you feel me? That motherfucker li would've come off real though man. Ain't fucking with catfish, goddamn damn man. But the tuna probably the tuna probably official though. But the best salmon in the city, man, you gotta put a bro, you gotta go put some rubbers on bro. I'm trying to see you last not come in last, you know what I mean? I like that. I've been fucking with you man. I I wanna see you continue to do that. I like that. You going out here doky some shit man. Who? Well you'll shake some shit. Get some, catch some shit you can't shake. Man. I advise you if you out there fucking go get you a rubber, they make all kind of sizes and hella shit. Just get you what you need and get right.


Yeah, yeah. But nah man, I appreciate you for, for coming through, you know what I mean? Well not coming through but man we hope me to come through man vibe. Allow nigga to come through and fuck with you. It's a pleasure but God bless him. Good night the show. We out man. Thank y'all for watching The Bubba Dub Show man. Peace The Volume.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for Our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindells, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. Find resources to help you support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at Sound Out together. Do org, that's sounded out together. Dot org brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal.