
The Volume. Yep. Y'all come on in. Y'all come on in right now. Y'all bring up late all night waiting on this game to end. Y'all. Come on in right now and hit the like button y'all come on in right now and hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button right now. Yeah, go on. Welcome to the bubble dub show right now. Just got through watching the Dallas Cowboys defeat the Pittsburgh Steelers. Y'all come on in. Come on in right now all week. I been having to hear that the Dallas Cowboy wasn't gonna beat the Pittsburgh Steelers. You lied. You motherfuckers lied to me.


Y'all told me Pittsburgh was gonna win with Justin Fields. Never. That motherfucker barely made the team. How he gonna beat Dak? A quarterback that y'all say wasn't clutch while he did was cuss things tonight. Marched the ball down the field in the rain. It was a monsoon in Pittsburgh that took us down in the fourth quarter and won the game. MVP performance for me. Now I know some of y'all gonna be crying. He had two interceptions. I gonna give a damn what he had. We won. Simple as that. We won Detroit. I get to y'all ass in a minute.


We got y'all next week. Well let's talk about what the Dallas Cowboy did do. Running back Rico. Dougle pretty Rick is what they call him. 20 carries 87 yard six, six for 17 trash. We releasing your ass trade trade deadline. We releasing you. We gonna need you. You ain't doing a motherfucking thing for us but holding up space 2017 Cowboys be a good team when the Pittsburgh Steelers. I know some of y'all gonna say Pittsburgh ain't that good. That's because y'all Dallas Cowboys haters. Let's be real for a moment. Let's be real man. That was a very, very sloppy game tonight.


Them the games that the Dallas Cowboys normally lose. But we won tonight. That showed me something that showed me something in Dak. Even though Dak, you would turn that motherfucking ball over. But what it maga the most, you'll go down there and get the win. Great win tonight y'all. I know y'all. Some of y'all. Nah man it was Pittsburgh man. We sugar lost but we didn't lost. Some of y'all shouldn't even be here if your daddy woulda wore condom now we ain't going get into that. Some of you motherfuckers wouldn't be here today. Your daddy wore a condom. That's all I'm saying. Speaking of condoms, I gonna wear 'em. I'm raw dog do.


Oh yeah Do ain't wearing no motherfucking condom for what? I, I wanna it telling y'all some real shit tonight. Cowboys had three turnovers. Dak had two picks. One fumble 26, 352 passing yards. Two got sacked twice. Pass rate 90.6. You gotta got, we gotta think about this. We didn't even have Michael Parson tonight. We ain't have our top rusher tonight and we still got the job done tonight. I leave receiver with Jalen Tova. I don't even know who that motherfucker is. Who is Jalen Tover it. Damn so wasn't on Sea Lamb. He had five catches. 62 yards. Jake Ferguson, six catches, 70 yards.


That's our tiger in by the way that we just got back about two or three weeks ago. We ain't even playing our best ball yet. And we winning y'all in trouble. I know everybody high mighty on the, the commanders right now in Jalen, Jalen Daniel. I get it but don't forget this shit run through Dallas at the end of the day. It run through us and we'll get the job done at the end of the day. That's what I believe. Defense, we had a couple sacks tonight. Three sacks tonight I'll take it. We got got Best Pass Russel. We got Michael Parson. He ain't even play tonight but he will be playing on his podcast tomorrow.


I bet you Parson be playing on his motherfucking podcast tomorrow. Justin Fields, you know he took the starting job over Russell. Russell Wilson, Justin Field with 15 for 27 a 1 31 yards, two T no picks for 15 for 27. A 1 31 yard trash. Like I ain't gonna get the motherfucking job done. Mike Tumblr not happy with that. I could tell you right there. Nija Harry 14 carry four, two yards. Y'all had 26 carries 92 yards as a team. Great defense Dallas. You stop the run. They did not get over a hundred yards. That what it takes to win ballgame.


Stopping those opposing teams to getting over a hundred yards. That's what the Dallas Cowboys did tonight. Nija Harry had two catches, 35 yards. Van Jefferson, three catchers, joy Dickerson. Three catches, 26 yard. You not gonna win no motherfucking games with your star receiver catching the ball three times in 26 motherfucking yard. That's me. God forget, God forbid that the game was delayed due to weather conditions due to the rain. We had to wait on the game and all this and that. I made a post, everybody would talk. Ah yeah you happy now You gonna be crying later now you motherfuckers crying.


I'm happy full of 1942. Finna go back to the room and get off Pop at the and get caught. I'm not stopping shit. I gotta go through Oak Cliff and everybody know Doug. Don't stop at Oak Cliff. I'm I'm see if the gas light on we gonna make it out. F telling you right now y'all. I'm feeling good man. Dallas Cowboys, pull it out three and two. Record right now. Man. I really don't know what else to say. Lakers lost again. Bernie James ain't dig a motherfucking thing again. Two games in a row. He gave me nothing back to them. Cowboys though. Win the division with the Eagles Giants Redskins.


Now let me be a realist for a minute. Washington Commanders is the best team in our division right now. I got, I got old defensive coach Dan Quinn. They they fine to the ball. They playing good ball up there in Washington right now. I want to give 'em that respect. I ain't gonna be no Hager. I ain't gonna be biased on my own show 'cause I'm a cowboy fan. I'm gonna be honest to watch the commanders of the best team in the division right now. But we ain't playing our best ball yet. Y'all and we doing what we doing. Went on the road in Pittsburgh hostile environment and made things happen. I can't do nothing but commend dak Preco go net. Oh he turned the ball over. So do Jalen hurts. Y'all motherfuckers don't wanna talk about that.


Jalen Hurts done turned that motherfucking ball over 75 times in two years. Let's talk about it. But all y'all wanna talk about is Dak three turnovers tonight. I don't wanna talk about that. I wanna focus on the good things that they did. They was able to run the ball tonight. We got our start running back tonight and it is not Zeke, I'm Jerry Jones. I'm walking by Zeke Locker and I ain't looking niggas meet either. I'm letting them know yo days is number. We got our number one running back with the Cowboys right now in this Rico. Pretty Ricky a call. Y'all talk to me right now. Y'all get in the chat and tell me what y'all seen from the Dallas Cowboys tonight.


I wanna know. Don't lie, be biased. Tell me what y'all seen from, tell me what y'all seen from Dak tonight. Man, talk to me. Who? You. Damn right. We had a lot of holes in our defense. Michael Parson won now. We were supposed to lose. They had us pick to lose. We was underdogs tonight and we pulled it off. I told everybody we were gonna win. You win when you got less. Less is more. When we had our full roster everybody together, we couldn't win with that. You always play better when you have less. That's why I feel like this year, no matter how strange this sound for me, I feel like the Dallas Cowboy got a chance to do something special in the playoffs.


I'm being real. I talked their Super Bowl talk. That's just me talking. I'm bullshitting. But I do really believe they got a chance to go into the playoffs this year. No commander's not trash. We not gonna go there. They the best team in the division right now. No. Yeah they the best team in the division right now. Now Dak not the best quarterback right now in the division. It belonged to Ja and Daniels. He running the ball. He's hitting the field. He ain't turning the ball over as much. Had one pick today Ja and Daniels. You know I just gotta keep it like I call it. Like I said man I gotta be a realist on this show man. I'm a real cowboy fan. Took a, the day I die these Dallas Cowboy for Life.


I gotta tell y'all how I really feel though man. I really feel like once we established the run game we can able to you know run play action and and hit the CGE Lambs and the Jake Ferguson but the Cowboy we need some more motherfucking help. We need to go out and get Aari Cooper. We need to make room for Devonte Adam. We need to go out and get another piece. This right here ain't gonna help us win no Super Bowl y'all. I gotta be real for a minute man. This ain't gonna help us win no Super Bowl. Y'all and y'all fucking know it. We need some help Go out free up some cap space if You can and get Devonte Adams to get Cge Lamb. A little bit more help on the outside right now.


You know Pitch Cge Lamb with Devonte Adam. You can't double both. You got Ferguson over here. You got Turfing over here. You got number, you got Rico running the ball. Cowboys will be a dangerous team if they go out and get a Devonte Adams or Myy Cooper from the Cleveland Browns. Go and save him from a size Paul or Watson right now. Watson ain't in Cleveland. I know y'all wanna hold onto him 'cause you owe him all that money. But put blind Stevie Wonder, Jamus Winston in the damn game. He give you a bigger chance. That blind motherfucker will give you a bigger chance than what Watson doing right now. Everybody making excuses for Watson. Oh he lost family members. So have I. Everybody dying these motherfucking day.


Ain't nobody just dying in Watson. Family. They die in everybody family. He can't see the motherfucking field. Simple as that. He can't see the field sitting back there. 1, 2, 3, 4 ball ought to be out your motherfucking hand. He still got the ball in his hand. That's why they lose him right now man. Getting the brown one and four. He got to go. I'm the Cleveland Browns. I put Massage Par Washington on the bench. I try to work out a trade. I I I try to do something to get off under that cap. All that money that I own because that ain't the same Messiah Par Parlor Watson that was in Texas in Houston, Texas.


That ain't Texas done move on. They got CJ STR over. They doing big things over there down then eighth time right down. Yeah Texas doing what they supposed to do right now. Man I can't even knock it. Nico Collins Ball got 67 yard bomb. Took a half pull up Hamstring Didn't matter. Still got Stefan Digs over there doing what he do Still got Tank Dale over there doing what? Doing what he supposed to do. But I'll take Adams. I'll take Adam's Olga right now. I'll take Amari Cooper Olga right now.


Y y'all, y'all watching this show right now. Hit that like button man. You You can already hit that subscribe button right now. I don't know what you waiting on but go ahead and do that right now. Yeah do that for your boy. Talk to me Nick. Y'all can talk to me now. Lemme know how y'all feeling about this win Dallas Steeler fans. How y'all feeling? I know y'all in the mix. Hmm? Oh three in the morning. Four in the morning. It don't matter. This got to be talked about. I had to talk about this game man. I mean all week all I've been hearing about what the Cowboys couldn't do and what they wouldn't do now.


I didn't know the weather was gonna be like this but what they did do they go out there and won a game that they were supposed to lose three turnovers to one. Pittsburgh supposed to win that game hands down and they didn't. They showed me something. We cleaned up the turnovers. We gonna lose man I'm gonna sleep good tonight. I'm gonna talk shit a whole motherfucking week. Y'all gonna hear Super Bowl talk all motherfucking week. I'm calling everybody I know right now. I answer my phone when we win, when we lose do not disturb but long as we winning I'm answering the phone, I'm texting, I'm high fiving. I'm feeling good right now. Might even go ihop. Might even go IHOP after this podcast the way I'm feeling right now.


Ball Haggas t out there. He a cowboy Hager and the nigga play for the Cowboy. Stop it. Niggas Cowboy for Life over him. Ain't gonna pay my tithe this Sunday. That's why we won. I paid my tithes nigga I had $1,500 in my pocket. You know how much I put in church, $30. Shit I feel good. I knew when I put that $30 in church I knew we were going win then I can actually go to church. I watched tv Jakes today on tv. Shit T Jake should get you in the mood baby. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying right now. What y'all talking about? Y'all talk to me man. If you watching this show then you gotta know this show being presented by pics.


Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Yeah over there. You know first time users you put $5 in you get $50. It's more or less over there with the Cowboys. You know tomorrow you got the chiefs playing. Think they got Patrick Mahomes S slate to have over 260 passing yards. All you got to do is put more or less over there. Over there. You got Alvin Kamara have 0.5 Rush receiving tds. All you gotta do is put more or less over there man. Got Derek Carter have over 213 and a half passing yards. All you gotta do is put more or less Only way you gonna win on prize pick if you don't play Now I'm just being honest. All them other apps they cool but they ain't prize picks man. I only use my promo code trash over there prize picks and if you can't watch my show and you would like to just listen to it, go to apple Podcast, type in Spotify, type in the bubble dub show and You can listen to this show man.


That's where we at right now man had some great games today and I do mean some great games with being played today. Like I say, cowboy beat the Steelers today. I'm super excited about that. Super excited about that. 40 nines trash. Do you hear me? Where y'all 49 fans at? Y'all bring y'all hot ass in here right now. Y'all were talking stuff all week about what y'all going do to the Cardinals and then do a mother fucking thing. Rock perfect rock stir ain't it? Yeah come here. Yeah come here Brock. Per let's talk about it. That's what I wanna talk about today. Let's talk about these gangs.


Y'all talk about everything else. Green Bay beat the Los Angeles rounds 24 19 today. That was a pretty good game. Jordan Love had fit for 15 for 26, 254. I mean 2 24 yards. Two T one pick. Yeah boy Matthew staff for 29 for 45. 260 yard one T one pick. I don't know what's going on with Matthew staff for right now. Run game was good. Had 102 rushing yard arm Kyrie Williams but Matthew staff look like he need to retire. You got your ring. Go home and take your ass home. They need to bring in some new blood right now. Chicago Burrows won. Kayla Williams look good threw four over 300 yards.


Chicago Burrows is on the come up right now. That's all I'm saying. Chicago Burrows looking good right now. They won. Seattle won. I mean Seattle lost took a New York Giants. How you lose to Daniel Bones? How you lose to a motherfucking rat? It's what I know. I ain't sick in New York right now. Not no rappers ain't number rats in New York right now. Moving along Las Vegas. Reagan lost to the Denver Broncos lost to Bo picks. Oops. I mean Bo picks. Oops I mean Bo Nicks. Oops I'm just saying I'm rooting for you Antonio Pierce the black head coach of the Las Vegas Reagan. But you ain't but but but but fam you in the heap of trouble.


Fa am I gonna know if you gonna be there next year or not. You already your star receiver already. We cre in the trade right now. We don't know how that's gonna work out right now. Cincinnati lost 41 to 38. Just just the Ravens. That was a great game. Joe Burrow balled out and I do mean Joe Burrow really balled out tonight. Lamar Jackson had was 26 42, 348 yards four touchdowns Derrick Henry 15 carriages 92 yards Lamar 12 carriages 55 yards. Joe Burrow 30 for 39, 3 92 5 touchdown, one picks great game Joe Burrow.


But it wasn't enough. It wasn't enough. Jamar Chase 12 catch, I mean 10 catches 193 yards. T Higgins nine catches 83 yards. Man that was a great game today but it was a division game but Baltimore pulled, look out Washington beat the dog. Sick out Cleveland y'all nigga run De Deshaun Watsontown right motherfucking now Houston defeated Buffalo. Josh Allen. Where y'all Why all that Josh Allen was was the elite quarterback. That's what I wanna talk about Josh Allen. This Josh Allen That Josh Allen ain't shit. Lemme read your stats to you since you won't argue with me today. Josh Allen STAs was nine for 30.


Dude that sound like a motherfucking store and quarter back to you. That sound like James numbers in basketball. Nine for thirty a hundred thirty one yard trash nigga gig his ass out of there. Carolina lost to Chicago 10 to 36 Miami beat New England. How in the hell did New England lose to Miami? Miami ain't even got no motherfucking quarterback. I heard they were asking damn Margo come outta retirement to come down there and help him because TMA fish tour ain't Jupiter right now. Jaguars beat in the the coach 37 to 34 M Soga beat trash ass Aaron.


Aaron Rogers stink. I don't give a damn about them being 40 years old. A rod stink and y'all know it. Let's talk about it man. Let's talk about it man. Let's talk about Aaron Rogers don't give it. He 40 years old. Tom Brady was 75 motherfucking years old and still got the job done. Why y'all ain't talking about Arod like y'all was talking about Brady, y'all wanna talk about age so much Arod done about five steps. Appreciate whoever sent that 9 99. We appreciate it man.


I want Miami College Josh Dobbs. I don't know what Joshua Dobbs at right now but I feel like since the Cleveland Browns don't want a bench Deshaun Watson go out and get blind ass Winston go out and get no dressing ass Cam Newton go out there and get Black. Panther moving as Colin Kaepernick. I don't give a damn but they won day so that mean Miami really ain't finna make no moves until two will get back. I think Tour might be able come back, not this game but next game if you come back and hopefully stay healthy, don't take any more hits to the head. But I feel like Miami was on their way moving on to the next step and Tour got hurt and they kind of you know handicapped him for a minute.


But let's see what the Miami Dolphins dude they won this today and let just see how it gets play out right now. Yeah we know we all can say two need to retire man. My friend Teo Sega all the time if he gonna retire the game gonna retire him. But it just shows you how much Toma Fish two will mean to the Dolphins. Look at they play, look at the production and it just goes to there. Man Andy do and trash they need to bring back in. Bryce Young. I don't like how Carolina Panthers did that young man. Yes Bryce Young wasn't seeing the field like he was supposed to be seeing the field field but who in the fuck he gotta go to throw the ball to? He got motherfucking receivers over there just like me.


I know I can't play motherfucking football so so has the mother ones over Guy Go and get Bryce Young some help. Give him a run game. Give him some offensive line that won a block. Them motherfucker daddy like they ain't know they have game on Sundays but soon as Andy Dalton come out there they wanna play ball. I don't like that. Get Bryce Young some help over there right now man. Get Bryce Young some help Florida State trash. Don't talk about no motherfucking Florida state right now. They can't do nothing. Appreciate the old motherfucker. $2 you send fam. Appreciate you   Stir and thank y'all for tuning in Aaron Flowers. Thank y'all for tuning in right now man. You know Doug Rock with y'all a long way. I'm feeling good man.


Full of 1942. Got my got my drink right here. You know come here I'm gonna celebrate the night. Yeah Doug gonna celebrate the night. That's how I'm feeling man. How what y'all think Cleveland should do with Deshaun Watson? If you was the owner and you ran the team of the Cleveland Browns right now the team is one four. You ain't looking good. You star quarterback. You done gave him all this money and you ain't performing. What would you do with massage Paula Watson right now Talk to me. I'm gonna get to the Vikings in a minute. Kin what's good? I'm gonna get to the Vikings in a minute but talk to me, what would y'all do with massage? Paula was right now somebody say drop him.


You can't just drop 240 million fa you gotta find some kind of way to tra him against some picks or something. I don't know what they gonna offer for Watson. If I was another team like the Dolphins, I would try to go out and get Watson if I could. But I know that gave two all that money. Mine ain't got no money to get it but I would. I would. Man Watson ain't worth a transmission. Real talk. That motherfucker ain't worth a transmission right now. I know they trying to give him away. Somebody say bench him. I I think so too. I think they should bench him right now for Watson, I mean for Winston and just see how it play out.


Honestly that's the way I see it. 49 ERs. How y'all feel about the 49 ERs right now? They lost to the Arizona quadrants today. This is division game. You know NC West. How y'all feeling about the four nines right now in they division? Talk to me. Y'all lemme know how y'all feeling about that. Somebody said give him some holes. I said the same thing. When Dessan Watson was out there sleeping with all them women, with him getting massaging, he was one of the best quarterbacks in the world. As soon as they took that from him, he lost. Same way with Tiger Woods. Tiger was fucking everybody that he wanted to when nobody didn't know he was winning.


Soon as they found out he was doing all these freak offs like digging. He can't win. I say let Tiger Woods continue to do the freak offs because golf is boring right now. We got Tiger Woods every time I look around he out with an injury. His back hurt. Why Tiger back hurt them hoes nigga you fuck enough holes your back don't hurt too. Shit. That's why he can't walk his pelvis outta place. Tiger got all kind of shit going on with him right now man. Some of y'all men watching this show right now. You got a good woman, you keep being good to her. Don't cheat on her. Treat her right love her. Perm her motherfucking her 'cause she already ain't got no edges on the side.


Go out and get some grease to help that whole heart grow. That's how if you love your woman, she ain't got no hair on the side. You supposed to make the hair grow forward nigga. It supposed to be better for worse. It supposed to be better or for worse with your woman man leg. If your man thing can't get hard, recommend them getting bru tools or some honey packs. Yeah fellas they ain't, if your meat don't get hard, there's some things out there that can help you. It's some things out there that can uplift you if the pills can't help. What else can help hoes ladies? Set your man up with a good hole. If he can't get hard like he used to just have him come in there and be in the room already butt naked like set him up. He don't even know it. He see that ho. He gonna get hard as soon as he get hard you run the hole.


I can let you run in there and get your meat. That's the prize ho. Yeah, it's all about surprises these days man. Gotta surprise your significant other nigga delay that ain't doing all that shit. Why nigga can't get on hard right now. You bullshitting T Henderson, what's good with you Legend. The Sweet Williams. What's good with you man? All my Dallas Cowboy fans right now man drop them blue hearts in the comment section right now. I know it's late. I know y'all tired know some of y'all gotta gotta go go work tomorrow but you gotta sit right here and listen to your boy go off. I'm feeling good tonight. I'm feeling good man.


Ain't nothing like when Dallas win man. The food tastes better when they win. The sex be when they win the drink. Be when they me. My grandma texted me right now. Oh take your ass to bed. Take your earned medicine, take your magnesium medicine, take your blood pressure medicine grandma and take your old ass to bed. Stop texting. I know we won. I washed it, I washed it. I the one thing y'all hate and I know one thing y'all gonna never wanna see in this lifetime right now. Y'all don't wanna see Dallas win the Super Bowl man y'all, y'all ain't gonna know what to do with y'all self but I tell you what, we got a good chance of making that happen right here today.


I really honestly in my heart feel like the Dallas Cowboys got enough to make the Super Bowl but they gotta go out and make a trade and they trade Gotta be Devonte Adams or Amari Cooper right now. That right there will put us over the top because right now Washington is the top dog right now. Kansas City is the top dog right now. Now the Ravens who bust our nose is the top dog right now. We go out and get either one of them two receivers that's gonna put us in the mix. How do y'all feel about that right now? I want, y'all gonna let me know right now. I'm feeling good at five. Show our shows pretty much down here at the SSON improv this weekend in Dallas had Usher down here at the state fair down here and we still dig our motherfucking thing.


Shout out to everybody that came to my show. Shout out to all the chameleons that blazed the stage man. Duh. Feeling good free of talk now. I ain't paying them chameleons. I ain't giving no motherfuckers or me. Me ta Isaiah don't work. My cash app don't work. Yeah hell Doug got the gig over. Birdman been getting over everybody up been getting over in the music ending injury. They may get over some motherfucking time too. Shit. Hit that like button man. Hit that subscribe button right now man. Fucking not. Ain't gonna be worth a damn. This ain't y'all year. Y'all gonna been to the Super Bowl three or four times and ain't won since Steve. You you ain't, you know Win now y'all worse than us Cowboy.


Y'all ain't won in 30 years. Four got nine because y'all ain't either. Y'all ain't won since 94. We ain't won since 95. We in the same mother fucking boat. What make y'all bigger than us? Oh yeah because y'all make it to the Super Bowl. What's the use of making it if you ain't gonna win, that's all I'm saying. What's the use of making if y'all ain't gonna win, I gave the commanders they prop, they the best team in ain C East right now. Our pretty much say yeah the best team in the N of the NFCC right now. NC right now. I'll say the Washington Commanders is the best team right now.


A FC goes to the chiefs. They injured right now. Let's see how they play tonight, tomorrow night against the Oo Saints. Let's see. And I'm still leery and scared of saints. What they did to my cowboys early in the season. The biggest 44 19. I'll never forget that ass whooping that they gave us but the last two games the saints ain't look like the Saints. They look like the aint motherfucking Boogoo wore off. The gumbo ain't hit the same no motherfucking mo. Lil Wayne can't perform at the Super Bowl. Birdman still owing money. Mr. Castillo touching women without their consent. There's a lot of bullshit going on in New Orleans right now. And I love my state, I love, I love Louisiana man but this some shit ain't right right now.


Them storms keep hitting Louisiana for a motherfucking reason. Them storms keep turning through Miami right now. Them gold teeth Haitian motherfuckers. You ain't pulling them dunks out this week nigga you better go get you a boat nigga. Y'all investing in the wrong shit in them cars get you a boat nigga you flood AK back, AK black catching his car catching on fire and shit. Stay off nigga you niggas started popping pills and steady dying. Stop it. How many people gotta die and for you niggas to stop popping pills? This shit ain't cool nigga.


I rather y'all nigga back snorting. They popping pills cool. That shit ain't cool man. We losing too many people to the pills man. There's so many evil people out here in the world that's contaminating the pills, contaminating the liquor, contaminating the weed. Man you gotta be careful these days you can't smoke with everybody these days 'cause everybody ain't putting weed in they motherfucking blunts no more. Man. They putting everything else wax and all this shit just to get high. If you gotta put wax and all that in your weed then your weed trash nigga come get you some of this. This ain't trash. I get your mind right. I got plenty for you. Your pastor, your mama, your aunt, your daddy, your pecan tea smiling now.


Grandma I got it all. Come holler at me. I'm gonna get you right. I'm gonna get you right. You hoes out here talking about vegetables, you hold nigga store eating y'all carrots. You hoes can't see getting behind the wheel. Bumping in the nigga shit. Messing up niggas car. I ain't hit nothing baby you a motherfucking lot. What is D come from? Ho Lucky I'm with Allstate, I'm in good hands. Some of you niggas on this show right now riding around in y'all cars. Ain't got no insurance. Stop it. Stop it. Get some insurance on your car. I don't care if it's liability get you some insurance.


My Mexican friends, y'all got main motherfucking one. Y'all already illegal now you don't wanna have no insurance. Stop it Got to do better y'all. If you knew better you would do better. December the 14th. Tank Davis fighting Lamont Roach. That's another motherfucking lockout if you ask me and I rock with Lamont, Sanford Roach is what they call him. But you ain't beating Tank fam. Tank hit hard. The motherfucker as my partner, my homeboy ain't talk to me no more 'cause I said what I said but it's the facts. Frank Moore ain't heard from you fam.


That's all I'm saying. I ain't heard from you fam. Tank hit you so motherfucking hard. You clean out your fish in aquarium nigga and you ain't have no fucking fish in it. And last time y'all seen Frank Martin, he ain't posted nothing. Come on every nigga post. It's time to get back to Earl Spence. Where you at fam? It's time to fight again fam. You lost. It's okay. A lot of champion lose. That's how you come back nigga Rocky done came back before you. Spence come on nigga. Why do where you at nigga hit you so hard? You looking for iPod? You in Devin Hanger, come on you champion and prove it.


If I'm Devin Hanger, I ain't fight nobody else until I fight. Ryan cheat dance. Garcia got to redeem yourself nigga hit you Hore. You looking for your iPod nigga Apple gonna make iPods no more. Let sugar fight then. Daddy. What my iPod iPod nigga That shit dead. We got the do better y'all. We got the motherfucking do better leg. Lemme tell y'all something. You supposed to wear that bunny when you get your hair done. You gonna supposed to wear that bunny and your hair ain't done Ho stop it. Free game fellas. Your girl wearing a bun and her ain't done slap her. Slap the motherfucking mama juice outta her mouth allegedly but now hit that woman.


Your as going to jail as did it. See, dig in. That motherfucker say all right not crying better than me, bigger than three weeks. I'd have been home in three days. Damn. Do how you come home Covid nigga. Don't worry. When I come home that means somebody elsea take my motherfucking spot. You best believe that. I ain't finna do no jail time shit. Damn right. Y'all women wearing bungies and her ain't done ain't right. I'm put free game ladies. I hate to tell y'all secrets. Y'all know I'm telling the truth. A bunger just for when you got your hair done baby. If your hair ain't done don't you put that motherfucking bunny on your head. When I come lay out in bed I don't wanna see no motherfucking bunny.


I wanna see nipples and and and and and what? What they call it? Laser cat in the bed. I want laser bumps. I don't want waxes, I want laser cat. They laser keep to her off that cat for two months. Do you hear me? I'll be down there going down through it because I ain't got no meat but my tongue is on point. I got the tongue like a dyke. Come here Haer tongue. Put that tongue around all night. Shit I'm playing porn too. I'm hitting her and I'm playing porn. The niggas with the big meats. I let her watch it now you ain't getting this meat from me but I want you to fantasize. I want you to fantasize that that you getting this kind of meat from me.


Even though you ain't, I ain't got no meat but I'm pinching your motherfucking arms though Ho. Yeah you gonna feel some kind of pain. Some kind of pressure. Gotta improvise man. Gotta talk to her. I know you gonna feel this meat baby but your arm so aint you. God damn right. The head bitch gotta wear a bandaid. If it's a pinching contest I'll be number one. No you going feel this but if I'm doing this you going feel it. See I don't have to win. All I'm saying faking had this one chick.


Ooh bub is big lying to me. I know she ain't f nothing. I ain't make her moan or nothing. I would try my best to make her say a sound. She wouldn't say nothing. That's when I pulled my pistol out, pulled my pistol out and put her to her chest. She say something you going to disrespect me like that's my birthday ho You can at least make me feel special. My mama never did. My daddy never did. At least You can do. It make me feel special. Whispering my ear that this me hurting you. Ho. Lot of me, I had one whole lot of me like that pumped me up so good the next day I went and bought that whole 2010 Altima. It had airplane miles on it but it ran like a jump.


That's what it's all about these days man. It's all about how you feel. Legging stop fucking the men that you want have sex with the man that you need because them good looking men. Y'all claim with the big muscles and all that got you screaming. Men ain't shit. Rock wiggle little meat man like me that don't mind giving you $70 nigga. Nigga with them big muscles gonna give you everything you want to meet and everything. But he ain't got no money. He can't pay no motherfucking bills. I can do You hear me? Life bill paid rent paid card. No paid your mama gambling bill down there Louisiana.


Pay all that nigga with them big muscles You can do. He can give you some meat and I can buy that. I'm going down to Miami next month. I'm on the list. You hos can get BBLs. I can go get me a big meat. Said my recovery time gonna be two weeks. I can't wait. I can't wait. Telling y'all the true figure night man. I'm in a good mood man. Thank everybody for tuning a in and watching this show man. Y'all know how we do. We're on The, Bubba, Dub Show. I got 1900 people on the live. I have 1900 motherfucking lights. I hope you can't sleep tonight if you ain't locked this motherfucking big yo You can sit here and watch it.


Hope your head hurt. Hope the motherfucker explode. I ain't bullshitting If you ain't liking the sharing and come in. I hope your head explode tonight nigga. I hope your boss fired. Nah I don't hope nobody get fired. If you got a job right now and you gotta be work in the morning, take your tired ass to bed. You already ain't doing no motherfucking work up there now. They on your ass not like back pockets. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight man. You know I'm gonna go live tomorrow night me and to baldhead ass. We gonna go back and forth. We gonna because I know he gonna have something to say about the cowboy. He going have something to say about Dak but nigga Tony Romo didn't do nothing. You can win He nigga and he Hall of Famer number two greatest receiver ever.


That's TO. I won't let him disrespect my motherfucking quarterback which is Dak Prescott I believe in fam Pat Prescott. What's up fam? I know you follow me nigga. I need some tickets. How many? 30? Bringing the whole crew bringing in rich entertainment with me bringing in D with me. Y'all know who D is y'all? Yeah if you in Dallas man you and you. You need transportation. You holler. Let my people d get at me man. I'm gonna introduce you to my people D Man get going to drive you all around the motherfucking city.


You don't pay. We gonna drop you off from Oak Cliff Nigga Matter. Yeah we'll take you to South Dallas. You know them niggas South Dallas got them shas boy Gold teeth brushing like monkey shit. Real niggas though. I ain't lying A nigga breath so funky. Niggas in the casket got up. Ooh nigga your shit killing you tell me. Telling you the truth. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight man. No I gotta, you know if you watching this show man I I, I just gotta, you know I gotta do my my my hell no segment man Show he knows what he and Something I ask me what I ever give up on the Dallas Cowboy cowboy.


Hell no never give up on America's team man. Y'all wake up hating us. Do you hear me? Y'all hating on us right now. Edward Pittsburgh. You wasn't saying that shit last week. Nah, keep the same energy, keep the same energy. It's all I'm singing Trash Sugar Day going to Aaron Rod trash you nigga New hip nickel. You used to put that belt around your waist. You can't do it no more nigga. Your pelvis done ship. You need surgery. Ain't Rod, aint Rod, this ain't Rightt. Rod ain't gonna motherfucking thing but the biggest complainer I ever, he ain't nothing but a, he just like his Cece wasn't nobody but Brett allegedly Brett F went up there and had a meeting.


Brett where's the money I got? We you get healthy and all that. But we don't wanna hear that. What's the money, where's the card at? I need to use it. I need to run the Walmart neighborhood right now. Brett need that card fam. I'm trying to buy some briskets. I'm trying to buy some chicken man some spare ribs. Man. Thanksgiving coming up. I got a lot of family members that's coming over to my house. I want feed them more than Rotel dip nigga black folk Stop turning kid parties into grown up parties.


Went to a 5-year-old party nigga they, hey hang, I'm calling CPS on you niggas go to you niggas house and you nigga got dogs come see my dog fam. You ain't never seen Frenches like this Frenches Stan nigga motherfucker Frenches look like Anthony. What? What's his name used to play for the Spur. Johnson, Anthony Johnson, aj Small but big heads dog man. Nutrition like a motherfucker. What you think I should do? Wil them fam shit. Send them to the dog pound nigga give 'em a better chance of living. Do you hear me?


You nigga do have a better chance of living at the dog pound than with y'all. You take care of the dog more than you take care of your damn kids. Went to my homeboy house, had his son in the basement, had the dog in the lip for every motherfuck smell like shit nigga I stay outside didn't wanna charge me 10,000 for a dog. Nigga n make me tell that white man you got your PPP loan, you ain't got damn business card. I'll tell them right now, nigga done got $250,000, ain't got damn business living in the projects with a bit.


Nigga stop it. Sick of you niggas lying. Calling down here and telling my daddy. My cousin called down here and told my daddy he got a brand new Benz nigga that Benz look like the Benz that came from coming to a miracle when they were coming down there looking for Eggy them his Dagg, them nigga it's the same I call got a 1992 bin. Nigga they ain't knew. Talking about wait till you see it, shit. Take that damn being cross scale sick of y'all lying man. If you ain't got it, you ain't got it. That's okay. But you ain't gotta lie man. You ain't gotta do all that.


You ain't gotta fake it man. Just be who you are. That's what it about bro. Hey fam, you ain't did nothing yet. I'm still rocking with you. I'm not giving up on you but I ain't seen a motherfucking thing yet. Yeah, we see you shooting against the basketball player. You can't miss when in practice but in the game you can't make now motherfucking shot. You need to go holler at Mark Wallberg and get that movie. Shoot a nigga. I been bragging on you all this motherfucking time. Telling the people leave you alone, let you do what you do.


You going to be all right. I can't keep lying to these people man. I can watch you play seven motherfucking games. You ain't put the ball in the hoop now motherfucking time, but you got a block shot nigga. I can do that. And I play like I got two left feet. Thank y'all for tuning in this show man. I see y'all again tomorrow night. Peace. I'm out The volume. Does money stress you out? Let Facet flip your financial chaos into Clarity finding Facet immediately put us at ease facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order and that makes us Facet for life.


Now I guess. Visit Facet dot com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current Facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.