Purdue Global (0s):
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.

Chase (30s):
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.

Bose (1m 1s):
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. Check out bos.com

eBay (1m 30s):
Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing and obsession for some of USS Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay. It's for clauses to get filled with statement pieces and vintage F or must have sneakers wait for you and Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay doors. Open to stacks of the rear trading cars and a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself. Job eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.

T-Mobile (2m 0s):
You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch the T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.

2 (2m 37s):
The Volume. Yeah. Yeah. Good evening. Good mother evening. How y'all feeling today? It's Wednesday hump day. Your boss walking down. You down your down your road looking naked. Whatcha looking at me for I'm at work. Black people. The only people I know Y'all lucky I came in now. You lucky you came in. Y already ain't got no more damn points Talking about you lucky you came in. Shit. You better. Thank God you got a job.

2 (3m 19s):
Listen some people right now got no job wishing they had a job but you at the job complaining. Look it. I came in. I ain't got time for this. You better watch your mouth hit the like button. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. Hit the like button. Go and get in the chat right now. If you ain't hit, go and hit. Get in the chat right now and go and hit the subscribe button if you haven't subscribed yet. To The Bubba Dub Show. You gonna know if I'm dropping at night. You gonna know if I'm dropping at daytime but if you got your notifications on, you gonna know I'm dropping like going on in the world today.

2 (3m 59s):
We gonna talk about it. Javonte Tank Davis fighting the month Roach at the press conference yesterday. Tank King did something like after 2025. He ain't fighting no more. That's what he said. You a damn liar. Oh yeah you gonna fight. You gonna fight, you gonna fight. You gonna fight ke and you gonna fight bad. Can't take can't the left hook as Devin. That's what you gonna do. You gonna get this money. You say you, you all about your money tank. Well you gonna get this money I want you to put hand on.

2 (4m 40s):
I can't duck a left hook Devin. That's what I wanna see. That's what the world wants. See give us what we want. You want the money goddammit. Give us the fights. Ain't no doubt you gonna win the rest of your fights. I don't doubt that at all. I think you, I think you gonna stay undefeated but I'm gonna need you to get in that guy ring with Devin. I'm gonna need you to get in the ring with good defenses ass no offenses ass Christ. That's what I'm gonna need you to do. That's what the fans want you to do. That's what my Mexicans want you to do. Who got them goddamn Gogos on the grill right now. Keun, you can get it too.

2 (5m 20s):
Frank Martin. Goddamn you got that money. I ain't seen you in damn boxing ring no damn where you at. Ain't if Tank paying y'all fighters that much money. Well you ain't fought 2-year-old then. Damnit Tank me and you   you fighters get that money and you ain't go on vacation. No it's time to get some damn money because lemme tell y'all something. If Elon Musk, bill Gates, mark Zuckerberg, if they still making money then that mean we gotta keep making boys getting that money and wanna go and get fat eating LA potato chips and tuna fish.

2 (6m 3s):
Hell on my own, I'm getting that kind of money. Call me a rabbit. I eating carrots, eating all my vegetables because I ain't eating them when I was growing up. We ain't have money for s How y'all feeling today? Ain't fighting the month. Roach March 1st up there at the Barclay Center in Brooklyn. Biggie will be proud. I know Jay-Z is going down in Brooklyn. March the first. In case y'all gonna know it's going down with Tain Davis, Lamont Roach gonna be the fight. Might not be the fight that y'all want see but damn it, it's a fight and I'm going be there talking cash money, shit front row.

2 (6m 43s):
I'm all about these fights man It look to me, it look like Tank just tied of the bullshit. Like I know y'all want me to fight these certain people but these certain people don't wanna go by my rules and whatever the tank rules is, they ain't wanna know abide by but you gotta understand he's the champion now y'all gonna get into comments crying. Oh man he be oh weight him. Well God damnit, if I walk around every day at five pound, God damnit what you gotta come fight me. I'm the There ain. No different from what y'all doing right now in your household. You gotta girlfriend. She living with you. You paying out the bill and God damnit she can't tell you nothing.

2 (7m 27s):
Understand some of you men get in a relationship. Your girl telling you you need to get off the game. Motherfucker I'm grown. I'm gonna play this GTA I'm gonna play this call of duty whenever. Whenever however I. don you gonna tell me what to do. Dammit. You want me to get off the game? No you come join me on the game. I can have my headsets on and still get some head. I'm not bullshitting you. I ain't gotta stop nothing You come over here and join me. You come over here and get it in with me. Sick of you women going out here on these damn jobs and God having work boyfriends I don't like it. Yeah I know about you women having work boyfriend that the child shit, I'm putting a stop all that shit.

2 (8m 11s):
Guess what I'm coming to eat lunch with you from now. Now Uhuh why you wanna do that? Because I can't. You think I'm finna be at the house all day with your bad as kid and you up in here snuggling up eating taco. Goddamn old boy N God Somebody getting fired whether it's you or whether it's him. I don't give a damn but I'm Finn stop this communication y'all got going home. I done heard about what's going on up at the job. Y'all real friendly. You sitting in his car, he's sitting in your car. Shit The next thing you know your AC ain't gonna be working no damn more and in the wintertime your healing ain't gonna work either. I'm put to stop to all this work function shit and you better not be taking them home either or to fight is on.

2 (8m 57s):
You grown as man you ain't got no car. You gotta ask my girl for a ride home. I'm stopping now. I'm gonna the supervisor your your coworker is sexually harassing my, I go to the news about this shit even though it's a lie. I she, they gonna know that I'm shit more than one white skin a cat Y'all, I'm, I'm sick of you women having work boyfriend real talk man You do. Y'all having them women girlfriend stop it. Your your woman don't deserve it Clyde you going Yo Clyde, Brenda don't deserve that shit. Clyde. You showing your ass Clyde. Remember you first got outta prison you couldn't get a job.

2 (9m 37s):
That woman bring a been with Jo. Sorry ladies at black ass Now you got a job now at the plant now and Hard hat and Hardhead boots now you got a real hard head man. I ain't talking to that girl. You a damn lie. Clyde. You wearing new cologne now. You ain't never woke Cologne now you wearing cologne now what's really going on? You don't think your woman understand. She look at your rag ass every motherfucking day now you putting cologne on to go to work nigga please in there lying talking about you could take care of her boy you better taking care of house you in I y'all stop with all these lies. Get the up y'all bullshitting today on this Wednesday evening ought to be 9,000 people on him right now.

2 (10m 25s):
Motherfucker ones that is got killed whole lot bullshit. Now let's get to the topic of what I was saying. If Gervonta gave a return, no he's not. He getting them 25 $30 million check. He gonna want keep getting him them goddamn chrome hearts that he wearing that shit. Hiding pussy talking about you feeling retire. No you gonna go back. We gonna, we gonna see you again with with Ryan. We know Ryan can't whoop you but we do know the Mexicans will pay a secret again. One thing about my essays, my friends I love them. They in denial. They think any Mexican whoop any black fighter, that's just what they think.

2 (11m 5s):
Not all of them but some of them. Well they really believe in they and though they really believe Well damnit let them believe because the more they believe the more money they gonna be involved. So I'm I'm, I'm fighting again. I'm definitely fighting. I'm fighting Keisha after them folk fight, I'm outta here. I won't blame him but talking my after 2 25 You done never. It's too much goddamn meat on that brisket. And y'all do. No we gonna talk about it's too much meat left on the brisket and you we don't do that where I'm from. We don't leave no meat on no brisket. We don't leave no meat on no ribs either. How you like your brisket smoke?

2 (11m 49s):
I ain't never heard of no fried brisket. I only heard of smoked brisket. Damnit. That's why I won't smoke brisket. I done heard of fried ribs but I ain't never heard of fried brisket. I like my meat fall off the motherfucking bone too like barbecue. I know y'all be seeing barbecue with them. Oxtail falling off the bone. Y'all want. Who want a mad jersey? Damn it. I got you Kenia. I got you. What size you want? You want lu? You want Kyrie? You want Clay? Lemme know I'll make it happen.

2 (12m 30s):
I'll make it happen. Call I'm a genie. Make a wish when I get my taxes sick. I'm a genie then make a wish I got you them them vacation you and them bag and kids wanna go on. I got you. I live in Ace Town. I live in Ace Town and I like women who don't have nothing. We going on vacation Where we going gals? You ever seen Galveston Beach Water is beautiful now she gonna be smart. I ain't got no G shit then you don't wanna go nowhere. I'm taking you and them kids to Galveston in come time and we gonna have a ball. We gonna barbecue on the seat here.

2 (13m 12s):
All that shit. You wanna go with Tulum and you want to take a crew, you can cruise your ass right out my life. That's what you can do. We not going Your previous boyfriend didn't do it. Your your your the boyfriend before that didn't do it. What make you think I wanna do it? I don't wanna be seen with you after and during the daytime. I ain't never took you on no real date. It's been staking, shaking, raising canes in and out. That's the way we gonna keep it to. I'm gonna tell everybody I ain't sleeping with you and it's trash is what I heard. But look, do they know I'm calling you every night after 12? Can you come off getting my jig on? Oh yes me. You asked me about a female.

2 (13m 52s):
I'm gonna tell you right now. Trash, I wouldn't touch her but behind closed door I'm giving it to a rock. It's the wrongness in me. I don't mind giving you this meat without nothing knowing. Shit. What I tell y'all when you put a hot dog, when you put a hot dog or you put a link in the microwave at a certain amount of time, that meat gone What? Bust open. It's like me when I get overheated I bust open and it don't take long for me either. Oh no it don't take long for me. It don't take long for my V Volcano over Rup. I'm swiftly with it.

2 (14m 32s):
2, 2, 3 minutes in. How long? Just a minute. No I'm named gone. Well I hope you be ready in five or 10 minutes. I hope your Uber here or if you got your own car shit because if I have 10 minutes your ass got to go. Ain't no laying over me. I passed the ball. I don lay up don't laying up and your arms snuck it up under me. Oh you feel so good I can lay here all day. Know the hell you can't. I got a job to do. I gotta come on my show and entertain. You got to get home to your kids. You can't stay up under me All God day hungry and shit. I don want Chick-fil-A see you better go home and cook up them goddamn chicken yourself and make your own Chick-fil-A sandwich.

2 (15m 14s):
Shit. Yeah get because you want it don't mean you going to get it. I'm gonna give you what you need. Water, bread and fish. That's it. Not getting nothing there from me. Crippled right around the mother coming to I know them bad want a game I got, I'm getting they old ass and se genius. They got him down that GameStop right now for 79 99. I'm getting your son a se genius and when he opened it up he better not frown or none of that or I'm gonna put these hands on. Oh yeah. Double never put his I'm man I'm I'm telling y'all the truth. So Tank ain't retiring.

2 (15m 55s):
It's all cap. I get it. I don't get the money. Get the ratings up. I'm with it now let's move to the next topic today. Should LeBron James retire you motherfucking right and I thought I never heard today because I know he King James. He gonna come back out here. This next game gets 30, 40 points. Cool. But you got to go trying to let it go. You're holding the team back getting the ball. 24 second clock. Next thing I know four seconds on the clock. You trying to make a move. You trying to bulldoze your way down and that shit ain't working no time for somebody on the team to be a man. Look you dead in your eye and say fam I think it's time for you to let it go. Looking like a TKO.

2 (16m 39s):
I'm here gonna say it now man. Holding the Lakers back all in the locker room. All in the team meeting looking as you supposed to get the ball. Well that was five, six motherfucking heels though. You ain't that no more. Too many miles on you nigga. Timing change. Damn it's a wrap. You gonna dig all you could do motherfucking rings. MVP most point mo most everything nigga you done. It's okay. Walk away. You done done everything you need to do bro. It's time to walk away from him.

2 (17m 21s):
It's time to walk away because the team go as you go and you ain't got it. So if I'm the Lakers I bring LeBron into my motherfucking office. Lemme talk to you big dog. Go ahead Rob. We going to let you go now. We ain't gonna get release you 'cause you bro we want to trade you to somewhere where you can get you another ring or something. Yo, you ain't gotta do all the work. Where would you like to go And then you can get, make your decision bro where you want to end your career and we ain't just letting you go. We going send bro with, we gonna send bro with you. So wherever you go make make, make sure that they it's a package because we gonna get something for you.

2 (18m 5s):
Ain't gonna get something for you I don. Like the way a playing ae balding now of a sudden you come down court bru shooting them long ass three and you ain't been hitting them. God damnit get your big ass in the lane and get some Don

Chase (18m 23s):
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.

Chumba Casino (18m 52s):
Hey it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con

joinsignals.com (19m 24s):
Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today

Southern New Hampshire University (20m 24s):
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.

Toyota (20m 53s):
Hey, it's Lunchbox from the Bobby Bone Show and I'm here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your local Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive. You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback. There's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com Toyota let's go places.

2 (21m 35s):
And I know you still gonna come out here like I say because the people watching the show getting out tuning in are saying listen to LeBron. LeBron Jane retire after the year. Absolutely. I know he gonna come out the next game ball out make get about four, five triple doubles in a row. That's fools goal. We gonna need that shit in the regular season. We need it when it count most in the playoffs. I need you in the huddle. Talking shit to Ant man talking shit to Ja Marant shooting. Shooting man I need you up there. You old now talk shit. You a old line I read you ain't doing your motherfucking job. Ain't nothing wrong with your leg. Your a your damn job ain't been on. That's what's wrong with you Lakers.

2 (22m 18s):
Nigga knew Makeover and I do. Nigga knew Makeover bringing in JJ Regg didn't change shit 'cause you didn't change players bringing in JJ Red didn't change shit. You didn't change players. Them players still got the same old bag ass habits and that needs to be addressed. That's a problem like JJ ready but your players still doing the same shit. Chunking up shots and ain't getting back on defense not moving they feet not communicating, not putting their hands up, not playing the passing lanes. That's what they not doing. That's what they coming down Court get out the way a I got this motherfucker you ain't Anthony Davis people are forgetting their roles and that same thing going life today.

2 (23m 5s):
People are forgetting they role. These hoes are forgetting they hoes. Do you understand me? These hoes don't forgot they hoes. No you gotta remind them what they're I got you on the team for one good mother fucking reason. And what is that? No hands now all of a sudden you wanna start using hands. I ain't got no hands. I ain't got no meat for you to use your hands ho. You keep play with your intelligence and lemme grab it. You ain't grabbing nothing. Why you, why you why? Why you wanna do this to me? Why you wanna play with me like this? All people, I already got a short man syndrome.

2 (23m 48s):
I already ain't got no meat and you wanna play like use my hand you I take that God damn say geniuses back right now I take that motherfucker back right now. How y'all doing today man? Hope y'all feeling good. I dig a skit yesterday. Hopefully y'all saw it When a team play bad or a player play bad they go in that damn dump truck. That's why I'm sending them in the garbage truck now. They ass is in there. Lakers are still in that motherfucking truck right now. Until they play better. When they play be they can come out until in they stay in they ass in there.

2 (24m 29s):
That's what you gotta do with certain people in your life. Certain people you got to grab them, put they ass in the trash. It's where they belong. It's what they belong in the fucking trash. So answer my question. Y'all ask me yo man should retire after this year go out with a bang but he should retire holding the Lakers back Man 39 years old. He's not making nobody else beba right now. It happens to everybody man. 10 points he tied. You gonna need to be trying to play back Toback LeBron answer me this, if you ain't gonna retire, why you ain't doing what MB doing? MB ain't playing no damn back. Toback, why you playing back back?

2 (25m 10s):
Get your ass out the way and let them young run that court. No you won't be all in the way all in the video dancing shit. Hell no until the people that watching this show. I know got some old heads on here. They got some children, got some rappers. Oh yeah some of y'all 45 50, 50 5-year-old got some sons that's on here rapping. They ain't went nowhere in there yet. Went nowhere yet. It ain't because they ain't got talent they just ain't had the the right opportunity. I want you to go right now to wherever your son at. Let 'em know Bubba Dub got a opportunity for him over here at Trash Records.

2 (25m 52s):
I got an opportunity form I'm willing to give your son or your dollar a $5,000 sign on bonus. But they gotta be able to rap. I'm talking, I got to be able to rap. Hey I want five albums out of them. I want, I own all they publishing and when they go on tour it's 85 15 my way. Don't worry about getting them a car if they ain't got no goddamn car, I take 'em down there to the Mexican car lot right now. Cash out on a $3,000 car and I get 'em on liability insurance. I'm willing to do that. I'm willing to do that trash ruckles and this ain't no joke. This real talk trash Ruckles is willing to sign some Augusts right now for $5,000.

2 (26m 37s):
I gotta get my money back when I spend my $10,000 on you and when I make my $10,000 back I'm gonna give you 175. And guess what? We gonna change some shit up around here. But you rappers, we gonna start going to church. We gonna start serving God your ass ain't going in the studio until you go to church. Sunday School, Sunday evening serving and bible study on Wednesday nights we going to church, we serving God. That's what we gonna do. We gonna get some God up in y'all life 'cause you rapping about all this evil shit. Shooting and killing and when you kid you talking about you shooting and killing after that session I'm gonna record that song and send it straight to the police right here at 1 49.

2 (27m 18s):
He say he bow on Jimmy I. Don't know who Jimmy is. Is it a Jimmy missing, lost and fine if it's, it should be a reward. I won it. I don't finna stop all this crime around here. I'm finna stop all this evenness going on with you rappers I don't Finn clean y'all motherfuckers up. Ain't gonna be no more pill popping, none of that. You boys gonna be smoking block of mile. That's it. That's it. Y'all finna be smoking block of mile. You gonna smell like block of mile and off brand Creed.

2 (27m 58s):
So hear my word. Old school fellas is on here. Women, if you got a son right now he all he do is rap. He really think he can make it and you think he can make it. He gets, they had the right opportunity. Well Bubba do will help him. I will help him see how his dreams I will make that shit come true. You know me, I'm I'm real about mine. I give him a song with little Kiki zero slim up Powwow Bumby. I can get that right now for him. But they gotta be able to rap. Real talk Ain't no just ain't no joke. They gotta really be able to route. I get 'em out your household. I get 'em into an apartment. You ain't gotta worry about him coming over your house eating. I'm feeding they ass Roman noodles and baked beans. I'm gonna put some weight on his ass. He ain't never been skinny his whole life. But when I get through him with him he gonna have some weight on him.

2 (28m 41s):
He gonna be respectful too when they call you. Hey mom. Hey daddy. You doing all right son? Yes ma'am. Yes sir. I'm teaching these young men how to be respectful again. There's too much disrespect going on. I seen a young man going in the store the other day and an old woman behind them and he didn't even open the door for that shit. Ran me hot. I want to go in there, tell they young nigga what he need to be doing but I forgot that young nigga got that switch on him. So guess what I did? I didn't say shit, I drove off. God gave me common sense. I know who to talk to and who not to talk to that young nigga I couldn't have did that to him like that. He ready to put that on me. He been ready to put that fo on me.

2 (29m 23s):
I know when to do it and when not to do it. That's what's wrong with y'all of y'all right now. Some of y'all be popping off at the mouth to the wrong people at the wrong time. Sometimes you gotta keep your close real talk. You live a whole lot longer. I always tell people as long, long you wanna live a long time. Mind your mother fucking business. When your homegirl and her man getting into it and they call you with that bullshit, don't you get in that shit because the minute you put your 2 cents in it from now on out it's a problem. Why is that? Well they might stay together now. You can't go over him or her house no more because you gonna say some foul shit.

2 (30m 5s):
So I learned to stay out people business. My sister called me a wild back, her and her boyfriend got into a situation her I come wanna run over there and be a hero her I am now I'm on the floor leg out her bleeding. Gotta get stitches for getting in they business. I learned a valuable lesson next time my sister called matter of fact let me go ahead and block this hole so I don't have to get in any more situations like that. It was total my fault and I learned the lesson. Stay out other folks business and that's what I do. My sister can't call me no more because she blocked blocked my mama call me.

2 (30m 45s):
I can't believe you let it happen to her block. Mom. I'm in the blocking business and sometimes God block our blessings because we be in other folk sometimes God be putting other people through some situations and me be trying to run and help 'em because we, we helpful people. We wanna help everybody but they don't need the help. God got them. Sometimes you gotta let people fight they own fight. That's why I always tell y'all you ever see me in a grizzly bird in a fight po honey on me. You ever see me in a polar bear in a fight post seal blood on me. I don't need no damn help.

2 (31m 28s):
I'm just telling y'all the truth here Miss Wednesday evening for all the people that's on live right now joining me. I know you having a good mother motherfucking time because I'm having a good time sitting here talking to y'all. Next one topic is, should a team give Jamis Winston a big payday? You damn right because you can't sit up here and tell me right now. Jamus Winston ain't better than Kirk folks because you know what you going to get from James. He gonna come outta one game and throw five touchdown no picks. Oh boy. Jamus Winston is him. But that next game he might come out and give you five touchdown but he gonna give you five picks too. At least he consistent. At least we know what Jamus Winston gonna give her.

2 (32m 8s):
So do a do Jamus Winston deserve his own team. You damn right Do damn speeches he give is phenomenal. For a man to go out and give him kind of speeches and go out and put that kind of play on the field, then my Broncos got a pretty good god dang defense y'all And that young man was out there shredding them. If that motherfucker had better laser's, eyes surgery, I guarantee you James Winston would one that came the other night because they had it worn. I don't know what that motherfucker was looking at. I dunno. Two pick sixes. But the question is, should Jamon Winston have his own team?

2 (32m 51s):
Absolutely. Do I believe Jamon Winston better than Sam Dawn? I do. I really do. And whoever quarterback and fuck up Reagan, we don know he better. He better than Trevor Lawrence down there in Jaguar. He's Trevor Lawrence just got 200 something men. You mean to tell me Jamie Winston can't give you that. At least you know what he getting. You need to be around the right team. Right situation. Little bit more film study, little bit more better eye surgery. And I guarantee you Jamon Winston can lead a team to the playoffs. I really believe that Deshaun Watson were backed up playing this year and but and and look like, look like dog shit. I'm just being real. Deshaun Watson looked like dog shit this year for them Browns.

2 (33m 33s):
Now I heard Jamon Winston come off the bench and lead me boy shit, Shout out to my Ravens fan just watching. Who playing tomorrow? What's the game tomorrow y'all? Who playing tomorrow? Tomorrow is it is the Packers, the Green Bay Packers playing tomorrow. I think the Green Bay Packers playing tomorrow. Playing tomorrow. Jordan Love, like I said the other day, Devonte Adam Sugar Steak, his rabbit ass in Green Bay. But no he wanted to leave and go to go to Derrick car in the Reagan. Now Derrick car ain't even with the Ragers no more.

2 (34m 14s):
He ain't got with the Saints but soon as discount check cow come up here to New York man we got a shot. Yeah, a shot in your ass got a shot in your ass. Look where it got you no damn word sugar. Stage your ass where you was at. Ain't no damn way. I'm leaving Las Vegas to Golden New York please. For what? But you wanna win though. There was Kansas City. I know you wanna go Buffalo. It's cold on motherfucker Buffalo. Go Baltimore. You could've went to Baltimore though with Lamar. They got the money you could have took your bad ass. What else you coulda went Detroit could've went to Detroit.

2 (34m 57s):
That's why you could've went, could've went to Detroit, man could've went down in Atlanta. Atlanta woulda definitely took you could have went down there in Atlanta and took you and and helped take that longer team to another level and then you going into the damn jets. Don't nobody wanna play for no damn jets. Not nobody, not not Nle let the New York Jets say they won't sign Shado sandal shit wife Prime. Dude I bet you go prime jump or nothing say no nobody won't go. No motherfucker New York Jets and play. Nobody wanna go to no New York Johnson play either. Both franchises terrible. But y'all ain't ready for this talk what they need to do and get some brothers in their organization and let them brothers run them goddamn team.

2 (35m 37s):
And I guarantee you them organizations be be off from what they is now. That's all I'm saying. Oh we great players but we can't be great coaches. Huh? We can't be great CEOs. We can't be great general manager. I think it's house shit. I think it's horse shit. We can run the organizations if give the chance. Give us the chance. Let us run, let let run the mark. Run the organization. Let Marsh run the organization. Let Marvin Harrison, Tory hope Reggie Wayne let the board run a motherfucking organization.

2 (36m 21s):
Watch what you get. You will get the results you want. And James, it ain't gotta be black. That mean Payton manning them out. You see Tom Brady getting involved with the with the Raiders now he can bog into it. Look, I'm just saying for us, let we, we are more than players and coaches man. Let us get into the old top position at the, at the, at the teams man in the draft board. I guarantee you some shit will change. Steve Smith ride receiver. I like his mind frame. Let him get in the Giants organization or the chess organization personnel and help drafting these players. I guarantee you they'd be doing better than what they doing now.

2 (37m 0s):
We better more than coaches and players. Man shout gotta take a titan. They got a black GM. Dope. How many black GMs is, is it though? How many black GMs that really have control of player personnel and that includes in drafting and trading player. How many blacks do we have? Man I know some of my white friends White and show with damn bubble. But how much do you blacks won't we want every goddamn thing because we went so many motherfucking years without it. We want it all you Indians got every motherfucking casino in the world. We ain't got shit. When we going to have something y'all ain't gonna give us no goddamn casino nigga goddamnit give us our land.

2 (37m 43s):
We want give us good credit. Give every black person a 750 credit score and $200,000 in they bank account. God damn then we he until the end. God damnit. We want it all because we ain't never had it. We built miracle off our back. Our ancestors built this mother getting beat down in the streets, getting dog sick on them. Can't look at whites, can't use the restroom, can't go to that restaurant. It was us, us. So if y'all really want motherfucking chain change that because our mentality's messed up.

2 (38m 29s):
All we want to do is harm one another. I. don want harm my brother. I don't want Horn my sister. But that's the mind frame some of us have now we, you know we we harm one another because we hurting and we lacking somewhere of sympathy. No man, he Mexican guy, he not Mexican but all these reservation they got casino. When we gonna get something we gonna want you to give it to. We just want what's ours. We earned it. We deserve it. All I'm saying is we're more than players. We are more than coaches. We're more than athletes. We smart too. We're fucking brilliant. Let us display our brilliance to y'all.

2 (39m 9s):
What you mean, duh. Everything we do y'all copy. Do you hear me? We ought to shit. Anything we touch, turn up. It's all I'm saying.

Chase (39m 22s):
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.

Chumba Casino (39m 52s):
Hey it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and con

joinsignals.com (40m 23s):
Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.

Southern New Hampshire University (41m 23s):
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit snh u.edu today to get started.

Toyota (41m 52s):
Hey guys. LaVar Arrington here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new truck. Like a rugged half ton tundra. Combining raw capability with premium comfort and advanced tech to fuel your wildest adventures. Or check out the Tacoma delivering trail dominating power and captivating style. The new Tacoma was born to make your off-roading dreams come true. Check out more national sales events deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com Toyota let's go places

2 (42m 32s):
We need it all but we ain't getting it but we ain't gonna cry about it. I've never been the type of man gonna get around and cry about what the white people ain't doing for never. I'm gonna get up here and work and do the best I can each and every motherfucking day. And I don't get into that black and white shit. I don't care nothing about this shit. I respect people. It's about actions. It's not your color because I got some black people that hate my guts and I got some white people that love me. Do you understand what I'm saying to you? It's not about color, it's about action. So if the white people that I really want help us man, that's where you can help us at land. Credit it reparation. It could be something to help us get on an even playing field.

2 (43m 12s):
'cause I'm tired of looking at people like myself harming one another. When you ask some of these people why they do what they do, they broke. You know what I'm saying? They didn't have a good childhood. All they know is trauma. It's sad watching these young kids grow up and in they mind. All they know is they gotta kill to get what they want. Not the attitude that a young man should be having. If mine should be on school or enjoying the life of of being an adolescent. We not enjoying life no more. We caught up and we too caught up in trying to be the man too caught up in trying to be seen. Our women so cogg up in trying to show off they moose knuckles, baby girls, women, you are more than a moose knuckle.

2 (43m 55s):
You are a woman. Treat yourself as a woman. You a beautiful, you a queen, you know what I'm saying? Treat yourself like that. If you treat yourself as a hoe, you gonna get treated as a hoe. But if you treat yourself as a woman, you gonna get treated as a woman with respect and love and cow. Don't no man want no woman. Everybody done have. That's all we trying to tell. Say y'all women, y'all go out here and get hugged out then you want settle down when you 45 and 50. No you don't get your big coochie having ass up outta him. Big earring ran shit. I wanted it 20 years ago. I don't want it 20 years now.

2 (44m 39s):
It used to be an an hole. Now that motherfucker size hole of a Warhol to get in it. I don't want it. I don want it. I take some head to go. I take some head to door and you right y'all. Unity is everything. Like me and my family we, we close but we ain't close like we should. I see some black families man. They get together every whatever event they get together, they love. They're wearing shirts. Ain't no hating. Ain't no bickering Then you look at some black family, they can't get along. They one. Somebody ain't talking to one another, somebody fighting, somebody sleeping with somebody.

2 (45m 21s):
Man it gets too much bullshit going on in families man. When it should be love in families and when other, when when people see a strong family man they make them want to get they family strong together. Man. Like honestly God, when I, when I go out places I see other black people I Don't be like man I don't wanna go over there man. Them them, them dudes such and such. Nah man I speak, I try to hug anybody Come Up to me hand take pictures 'cause I'm all about respect. I'm all about love man. Like I know y'all be seeing me on here going live going rah rah rah. Anybody meet me they'll tell you I'm not like that in person. I'm a cool laid back I don't even talk that much bro. It just me But 'cause I want the same love and respect that I'm gonna show you gratitude.

2 (46m 6s):
I'm gonna give you that. You got kids with you. I'm hey how you doing man? How you doing Little mama that's me. Some people ain't like that. Some of these people that that we helped build up here. They don't give a about us. They ain't gonna speak to you. They ain't signing no autograph. They ain't got time but them the one y'all be worshiping. You don't supposed to worship nobody but God. Y'all be worshiping these people don't even give a damn about you little old me look 1100 people on here man I already have 15,000 people on this motherfucker. But I don't but I ain't gonna worry about it 'cause I'm only gonna focus on 1100 people that's on this live right now. That's all that matter to me. Nothing else matter. Only 1100 people that's on here watching right now. Me.

2 (46m 46s):
That's all that matter to me. I know some people at work they can't watch right now. They gonna catch up with it later. I know some people right now at that job got the headphones on. They ain't watching me but they listening. Why? 'cause they listen to me on Apple podcast and Spotify going download it right now. That's how you can listen to me and get your laughing gigle on when your boss asks you what you laughing at Bubba do. And if they don't know who I am it's your job to let 'em know.

PrizePicks (47m 16s):
If you watching me then you know this show being presented by prize pitch going download the number one sports fantasy app right now. I say each and every time I'm live it ain't going to stop. Uses my promo code, scan it right there. Yep. Trash with the two Hs baby. Yeah $5 in you getting 50. Yeah now you getting to the money you started with 10 now you got a real talk.

2 (47m 41s):
Got to do better as people man. We got to do better as people and you got to start calling people out on they bullshit. Once again. I got people now that gonna call me right now. Hey Doug. Hey you got a second. I wanna high at you. I know right now you're trying to borrow and the answer is no. I got kids and some of y'all can't seem to get that through your head. I know some people be calling and messing with y'all about certain things. And, if you got kids, let the motherfucker know bam. Her goddamn damn I got kids. I'm not about to do that dumb shit that you want me to do. I'm not gonna do it. Yes I got it but that don't mean I got to say yes to everything. Your ass won. I could be a ho.

2 (48m 22s):
I can be a be I could be wherever you want me to be but I won't be a dummy. I be in the dummy to people man time they mess up. They wanna call on you and you save 'em. Stop saving them. Sometimes you gotta let them drown. Sometimes you gotta let people drown. Gotta let their head go on though. The third time it's over. Guess what I got my hand on top of your goddamn heat And. if you survive it I give you what you want. Until then

15 (49m 2s):
He knows what he saw and he's here. You

2 (49m 8s):
Watching this show then you know what time it is. It's the hell no sitting Somebody say Bubba do would you eat Amber Rose? Hell not.

15 (49m 16s):
Hell

2 (49m 17s):
She gonna let too many people ski up here and we know them entertain nasty and ain't trying to nothing. I rose everybody and I it but eat it. No I'll not. And that's on big God. I'll not gonna be hard for me not to do it but I won't. But I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna stick to my guns. I'm gonna stick to my guns. I'll not do it. Real talk. Somebody at me will. Will I eat Lisa Rain you got damn right there ain't no hell in the hall. Duh. You got right Lisa.

2 (49m 57s):
Right Diamond come here Myron mo it and I want it. Come on somebody at me we I stay in the Alaskan. I stay in the Alaskan Ws during the winter. Hell no. I let mother could snow down now All them bad crazy ass animals corn not. I don't give what the, how much money they try. You seen that guy get went down there and and and died 'cause he got frozen to death. Shit. Yeah won't be dug.

2 (50m 36s):
Won't be me 'cause I'm cold. I froze the duck shit. I'm gonna be warm when I go you goddamn snow and all that shit. I'm up appear in the snow y'all and they be videoing they self and all that. Then they be video yourself. Darn shit man. Who wanna watch they self die. Not me. Not me. Only white people. Only white people kiss they family daddy gotta go. Daddy gonna be gone six weeks. I be in the wilderness but I'll be back. Shit. Chad ain't been back in 30 motherfucking years. Y'all still telling them kids daddy on a hiking trick trip. Tell them kids the truth can die.

2 (51m 18s):
God damn Grizzle bro came through and took his whole esophagus off. Y'all steady lying nigga damn kid. That's why they grew up crazy and fixing their own bombs and shit because you done lie to him. White people gotta line motherfucker. I go tell them kids the truth. Chad got got Daddy on a hiking trip. He ain't never came back. I bare mouth grabbed my chest, my ass tell that boy the truth. Shit hell bare mouthing to death to his mother. Fucking ass up. Didn't leave nothing. No skin, no bone with nothing left but three fingers.

2 (52m 5s):
Appreciate you honey bun for joining in late man. I know you joining in late but you can always rewind it. Go back and watch this shit because this shit money can't buy. And for the people that's watching right now, you deserve to see this kind of action right here live right now. Shout out there. Everybody go my live right now. Make sure you get the comments right now and drop your favorite team and because I'm telling you I'm gonna give away some jerseys. Man. Whatever your team is, if you win, you're getting a jersey from me. Shout out the fags. We finna make it happen. Told y'all the other day when I went live, I'm giving back this Christmas. I'm feeding two families, feeding two families this Christmas. Man this is what it's all about.

2 (52m 45s):
It's all about giving. All we ever do is take. When we gonna start giving it's all about giving. I'm giving Ken how you doing man? I love the Cowboys. Don't forget it. Yas Tampa Bay. I got y'all man. I promise YI got y'all man. Trash of the day going to no other than the Los Angeles, Lakers, gm, rod, Poka, trash had a chance to make some moves. You can't make no move. You wing out and bullshit sometimes. You gotta do what's best for the team, not for the player. That's all I'm saying. Ain't no way the loss avenue Lakers should be struggling like this.

2 (53m 27s):
Man ain't no way. Dr. Bus rolling over in his goddamn grave right now. Every week out. Every time I turn on tv, Lakers getting they ass to up. But every time I look on TV the Denver Nuggets win. But when they come to the Lakers no getting blew out by Minnesota like that 1 9, 1 to 80, it don't make no damn sense. Ka your ass in that dump truck too with your bad bones having ass Rob the Clippers, we gonna five God years, you can play 88 games. Make it make sense.

2 (54m 7s):
You'll be another one getting a motherfucking car. How you doing? I'm doing good. Great. Don't you show Up to work. No motherfucking Mo. I know what I owe you and I'm gonna give it to you but I'm gonna stress these payments out. But don't you bring your ass around My niggas no more. I'm like Big Daddy don't come. I you stay away. Stay. Got the cowboy beating the Bengals too. I'm going out on a limb and saying it right now. This this Monday night I got the Dallas Cowboy going up there knocking the goddamn chili. I thought Cincinnati Bengals.

2 (54m 47s):
That's what I got. Michael Parson go and get it. Tell you something Michael Parson, I'm tell you right now, you gonna have the number one podcast. If you go out there and get me four sex Monday night, I'll want your burro on his motherfucking back because we gonna need everything you got. We gonna need you. We gonna need the energy, we gonna need the pride. God damnit. What the football players at? They got Pride. What the football players at that say? I ain't let no team run over 50 yards over there. What them goddamn defenses at? I don't see them no more. All I see is team going up and down the goddamn field. People hollering after the game. They shaking hands. Hell no I ain't shaking no hand damn Receiver got 10 catches, 200 yards on me.

2 (55m 27s):
I ain't shaking no damn hands. I'm in the room trying to get better. Who trying to get better? Who trying to go to the top? Who wanna be great? It's who I wanna be playing with. Who wanna go all the way and host up that goddamn trophy. Ain't nothing like it. After I perform with my with my girl because I be on that hundred pack. I don't hide the fact that I'm on a hundred pack after I get through doing what I'm doing, I hold that hundred pack up like this like it's a goddamn trophy. It wasn't me, it was this. Y'all be trying to hide the fact that you gonna pop the pill. I let them know out the muscle. Don't expect me to come early. Expect me to come in late.

2 (56m 9s):
All I'm telling you, I don't wanna hear all that. What done, God, you, you know what aint me D Ps and I'm doing what? I'm damn right Kids School. You ain't never gave it to me like this because I ain't never took this many peds at once either. But I'm taking them on your ass. Thank y'all for taking the time out today and watch the dub show even it's your first time watching. Thank you. Get in the chat. Let your friends and family know. Like put it in the group chat. This show, let's get these numbers up. It's, it's ridiculous. Let's get these numbers up. Peace blesses them out.

16 (56m 50s):
The Volume,

Chase (56m 55s):
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back But also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.

Facet Wealth (57m 24s):
Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz. To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered Investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice.

Chumba Casino (57m 54s):
Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time. Enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus terms and con

Cgi (58m 24s):
looking For a career that challenges you in all the right ways. At CGI, we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business here. You won't just solve problems. You'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life. Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI is where you can have it all ready to level up your career. Visit cgi.com/women to start building the future you've always imagined.

Palisade (58m 55s):
Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.