
Here we go. Popeye's. Here we go. What do we want? Popeye's Chicken Wings. Why do we want 'em? They're the official wing of watching football. What flavors are we going to get? All Of them Be more specific. Sweet And spicy Signature. Hot roasted Garlic Parmesan. Honey, barbecue. Sweet And smoke. Chipotle and honey. Lemon pepper. When do we want 'em? When We're watching the Game. That's right. Gametime is wing time. Woo. Let's go that Chicken from Pops and participating us restaurants.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean Camila Cab Doja cast to a Lipa. Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


The Volume. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. It is your boy Bubba Dub. I'm back. It's Monday. I know y'all excited to hear from me and see me and I am too. We got a lot to talk about today but before we even get into it, hit that like button right down. Hit the like button 'cause you like listening to me. That's right. And get your hand ready to share it when this show get ready to go off. Matter of fact, when it's earth you should be already reassuring that we everybody, because we gonna talk about it today, we gonna start to show out with men who trying to kill Trump. Man some sniper will laying on his belly shooting at Trump man.


What's going on y'all? I look, I know it's a bunch of conspiracies going on out there. I really don't know. Really Don't give a, if you ask me, I'm gonna have fun with this. I, I think sleepy Joe so that yo sleepy Joe know, I feel like Sleepy Joe feel like he losing this race right now and he doing everything he can to become president again. And I feel like he sent that young hile after Dongo j Trump. But Dongo j Trump is a real, is a real man. Do you hear me? When he, when he heard they shot, he grabbed his ill, he thought he thought a wall stung and he was shocked. He laid down, got up. I dunno if it was blood or ketchup.


I dunno. I know somebody say it was ketchup. I know somebody said it was blood. It was fra fragments from the glass. I don't know. I wasn't now, but all I know is when Donald J. Trump stood up around his man, he got his hand, said, I'm okay. That man 80 years old y'all. For him to stand up and do all this and that man, y'all got to see that Donald J. Trump is a real UBA door if you ask me. So like I'm telling y'all each and every day just what if the president, if the former presidents ain't safe, damn man ain't none of us say yeah, I told y'all man this is big business in them politics and I don't speak politics. I'm just having fun today with this shit right here man. Getting to come section right now.


Let me know. Do you think this shit was real or do you think it was fake? Be honest, I don't know. But what I do know is, but what I really do know is this big business in this politics right here man. Real talk man. Democrats, they don't like republicans. Republicans don't like Democrats and people get in they feelings behind politics. And I really honestly feel like at the end of the day this stuff is bigger than us. It's bigger than us. We, they, they want us arguing and fighting over this and that. I'm not gonna do it. I like who like me, I love who love me. And you should do same now somebody gonna watch this show. Oh man dub you tripping man. This shoot man this big business, this gonna affect her man.


It ain't gonna affect shit. Y'all worried about this and that. I'm down here in H time damnit. These folks need power. That's what they need to be worried about. People need power down here in H time. That's what the world needs to be worried about right now. Single point in the rest of your damn engine company need to come together and start coming up with a bigger solution when storms hit. Now we done have 90 damn thousand storms in the world And. we still can't seem to be prepared for one. People out here ain't had lights for for over a week and a half now. Sleep the hotel room, they ain't got their money from FEMA yet. The food stamps ain't hitting. Come on man. It's turmoil going on right here in the city.


I don't give a damn about what's going on in DC right now. But whoever become president leave, that's all leaders help us all this student loan debt. Wipe that sugar away, wipe it away. You wants to go to school but you wanna keep us in debt. Don't make sense if you ask me I'm I'm a law abiding citizen. I am an American. Yes I am but I know what my own. I see and I'm telling y'all just like this, this ain't got nothing to do with us black folks. Stay out of stay your ass in the house. Just some popcorn. Sit down on the couch and watch TV and let 'em do what they do. Shit. Staying outta it. God damn. That's all I'm saying. I'm staying out this, this ain't got nothing to do with me.


I ain't speaking on it no damn mo. All I what I will say is Abraham Lincoln rolling over and his mother in grave right now. JFK rolling over Merlin Monroe right now. George Washington rolling over and his mother getting brave right now. Do you hear me? Them former presidents is embarrassed. They are disappointed in us in the US right now how we are act. We acting like kids. We not acting like a dust. Man you got and the man whoever shot at Trump TRASHH, you had one mother job and you didn't know it But I wanna know is how he get up there why nobody did see him.


This the former president, you gotta have security every month get well y'all can't see him. Y'all couldn't find him. I bet for child support they would've spotted him. I bet you that if it was child support he wouldn't even make that damn fault. Got that man up there. Not only trying to shoot the former president, it's innocent people out there. What if they would've got hit man See we all this got to come into consideration now man. And I don't like it for us America. It don't, it make us look weak to the other countries. We looking weak. Look at them damn fool shooting at one another down. Now they going crazy behind there. Come on man. That ain't a good look for us. And now I don't know if y'all know this but politics divide us man.


I don't like it. You say one thing about Biden. Oh man, right. You say one thing about Trump. Oh man you, you ain't right man. Let people have they opinions man. It ain't going to kill you. Let people vote for whoever they wanna vote for. I don't care if you vote for Trump, I don't care if you vote for Biden. I don't give a damn why? Because what you eat don't make me shit. That's all what you eat. Don't make dub shit. Vote for whoever you wanna vote for. All I world want you to do and when I have you come to the show, bring your ass out to the show and get a ticket to come watch greatness. That's all I give a damn about. And wanting the Cowboys to win. That's how Super Bowl in them way. Come here that them Cooper Bowl on way. I'm letting you know that right now. Now enough of that Donald Trump.


Let's move on to another topic. Tyler Perry just came out with a movie called Divorce. Woo Boy he women love and then these women tuning in watching this movie left and right. I'm talking about they being watching this. But what happened, Megan Good was in the movie and she rang into her old friend the hers Michael Eley. Now I'm just speaking to the fellas right now on this one. Megan Good bumped into her old friend Michael Eley and Michael EA picked her up. I did some swung her around in in front of her new boyfriend. Now let me just say this right now I'm from the south. Ain't no mother anybody think be picking my girl up.


Nobody. He better be her father and he better be in her life. His whole mother time she been born. Otherwise it's gonna be some smoke in the city. You better not pick my mother girl up. You done lost your mind. Now I know what the people gonna say. Man he already was on probation. I don't give a damn. I'm finna do a sentence and she gets smiling. She she been getting her ass out my house. If you was staying with me I bet you that. Ah man you tripping. That's Megan Good shit. She ain't that goddamn good. That preacher left her and everybody else she been with left she leftovers. If you ask me and I don't eat leftovers no more.


Check out to you man. Good. I love you still look good for your age but I'm speaking facts. All them other fuckers didn't want you so so that tell me something, something wrong with you. They might be something wrong with them too but something wrong with you. That's what you failed to realize. Same way with I lie Anthony, y'all running crazy man. I won't lie. Lie Anthony Commando didn't something wrong with her. I always want what somebody else got stick with what you got man. Man I have a chance I'll leave my girl for that. Okay You keep thinking the grass. I weigh green on the other side That mama, I artificial not a good woman.


You better stick what? Stick by her side. You better stick to her like your ribs. Stick to her. Stop running out here. Dibbing and dabbing and then messing up a good thing man. You better stick where you but stick your ass where you at? Yeah look good. Yeah these women look good. They find they beautiful long hair, skin glowing but it ain't nothing but problems over there. Nothing but yeast and fixing over there. Look at my STDs over there. You ass over there. That shit burn through some condoms. What you gonna talk about? I want at least I got it but now you burning now you can't even when your pee hurt, you know what I'm saying?


Now you got herpes. Go real now you got all this now was it worth it? Hell no it ain't keep in your pants. That's all you need to do. Sometimes you need to miss shots like Burning James 3, 4 14. That ain't gonna get it. Brony. You starting to make me look bad fa I'm still riding with you because I know, I know basketball players can get in slumps where they can't make shots. I get it. And I talked about the last show, I want you to take more shots and you did that. So I'm not gonna condemn you Brony like the world do. I'm still riding with you Brony. I know people in my DM right now man, you know that boy TRASHH. No I can't say it yet. Now his performance the other day was TRASHH but as him he ain't TRASHH.


Y'all give him time and let me say this 'cause I don't wanna be biased And for the other men out there that's getting ridiculed, that ain't balling like they should be balling and and that's better than Bruny. I'm not gonna TRASHH out either. I I hey that's me. I'm gonna keep it 100 on this show. If you 18 and 19 years old or even 20 years old, Bubba do won't TRASHH you. I can't do it to me. They still kids to me. I'm in my mid thirties, they still children to me, I can't do it. Now when you get 21, you grown y'all from the south, you ain't grown till you're 21. That's the way I look at it.


So when they get 21 and they, that's when I'm gonna start getting on. But until the end I'm gonna kind be no, I'm gonna be lenient a little big on man. I ain't gonna be as hard on like y'all want me to. I can't do it. I'm just saying I got Davis and LeBron come out here three four TRASHH. I can't wait to say it. And I know y'all can't either. But let's be patient with Brony. I keep saying the boy had cardiac arrest. That's a serious, serious, serious thing y'all, that's a serious thing. And I, and y'all know that. So let's keep in mind and I know we when y'all saying that because man it wouldn't be before his daddy. He wouldn't be here man.


We know that man. We know Brun got pulled and I love it. If I had that kind of pull, I'd do it to him. Y'all would do. But let just see how it play out now. He didn't have a good summer league. Okay? They see what he can do during the training camp. He can need progress. I think he will.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com Don't miss asap Rocky Big Sean Camila Cabell Doji cat Dua Lipa. When Stephan Halsey Poser sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shabo the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel, I move to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


How y'all feeling right now by my trigger finger homie. Ja Morant back healthy. He got easy down there. Y'all better watch y fucking damn cri. Hey y'all seen your Gotti? His stomach the size of eating. I ain't bullshit you Gotti eating good motherfucker these days. His head finally matching his body shit. Gotti said I'm finna eat Bam. I real you in love with Y Angela Simmons. Gotti I am Appreci. She dip the Oreo. I know y'all seen Angela s dip on. What the hell you thinking? Boy these people come from from so much money man they start doing all crazy shit then I seen y'all with the gun purse man. Come on Angela, come on.


You got females and young females and women looking up to you and you running around here with a gun purse. Come on baby. You better than that. You come from the, your daddy is Reverend Pastor dmc a digs Warren DMC. And that's that's that's what you putting out for the world. See don't you got a son? You already dating a gangster rapper. I hear him. Sometimes you gotta be careful what you put into the universe people. That's how sometimes you have to be careful what you put into the universe. Sometimes y'all gonna respect people but you want people to respect you. Where you do that at That ain't, that ain't gonna get, that ain't gonna get it done.


Hell no. You don't respect me. I ain't gonna respect you. You like me, I like you. Simple as that bro. I don't give a damn what color you are. If you respect me I'm going to respect you. God being good to me. God being good to you. This weekend I got a chance to go and kick it with Kevin Hart. Man. Yeah I got a chance to kick it with Kevin Hart. Man let me break. Lemme tell y'all this story over weekend 'cause we family, I don't want bring y'all in on something. Man was able to go to Vegas and go to Kevin show VIP backstage and him and his family man they welcomed me with open arms man. For a guy could be this so big and this guy could be this staggered. The way the people viewed Kevin Hart, man only on my experience, he was totally different from where I was being what I have, what I have heard about him, we chopped it up.


He told me come out, watch his show, critique his show. Let him know what I think about his show and any questions that I have about my own, we could talk. And the show that I seen this past weekend with Kevin Hart was fired. I cannot lie from start to ending it was fire. His storytelling has got way better, his delivery way better. And what I learned, man, no matter how big you get man, you still gotta work this man worth 400, four $50 million. But he's still working like he broke and it made me evaluate myself and and my career and what I'm doing and I'm like yeah I got to start applying more pressure.


That's what I got to start doing. And that's what I'm doing right here. I'm applying pressure. I'm just a one man mother and show over here. I ain't got no kind of point. I ain't got no fine girl over here for y'all to look at. I ain't got no other athlete. I ain't got all that. I ain't played ball. I ain't shot the hoop. I ain't throwing the football. I ain't checking the football. I ain't boxing. I ain't now an athlete but I'm a motherfucking entertainer comedian. That's where I'm, that's what I do best. That's what we do over here. I'm gonna talk shit. I'm gonna talk sports, we gonna laugh, we gonna cry. We gonna keep it 100 on this bubble do show. That's the only way I know how and the love I get out here. Thank you.


We gonna keep it rock and rolling on this bubble dub so we don't give a damn about everybody here. I know sometime y'all gonna see some eye candy on. I'm gonna bring it, I'm gonna bring it. But right now it's just me. People busy on vacation, they ain't got time, this and that. But that's why we gotta get the views up, get the numbers up when we get the numbers up. Hey Doug. Hey man I wanna be on the show shit. Pull up. That's all. This shit go hand in hand man. It go hand in hand with with this stuff man. But don't worry, the other show I love but this show righthand one because you ain't can't get this nowhere. Everybody will be able to be trying to be entertaining and funny.


I'm just being natural. I'm just sitting right down here in this little old church talking to y'all each and every day. And,


if you are watching this show right now, man check this out man. If you are watching this show then you gotta know this show being presented by prize pics. Yeah going download the number one sports bid thing. See app right now. Ain't nobody else out there better than prize pick. I'm not lying to you but when you downloading me my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs TRASHH each pill TRASHH. That's me. Now I'm gonna show y'all to play as if you a first time user. Duh. How much money can I put in? You can put in what you want but if you put in a hundred dollars they going give you a hundred pill. That's what I'm talking about. They do a matching game. They do a matching game where I am. Say what? Matching game. Guess what? And it's so easy to play. It's so simple. More or less. Hm? What you mean duh. More or less. Can you explain more? Absolutely that's my job. Check this out tonight. Angel Reese got slate to have nine rebounds tonight. You either put more or less Caitlin Clark, they may have a slate to have 17 points tonight more or less. Angel Wilson, they may have us slate to have 23 points tonight more or less. You can do points, you can do rebounds, you can do assist, you can do three points attempts. That's what's so easy about playing prospect. Only way you going to win if you don't play. And when you do win y'all come back in the coming section or and let me know or you can just know what I'm saying. DM me on IG bubble Bubba 94. You let, lemme know, I wanna know all this. We might post a picture, put it on the show showing the people that's playing prospect like I want, I want, I want y'all to know man, I'm a real person man. I'm a real Duke. Ain't nothing fake about me man. I want y'all to know y'all can reach out. Y'all can talk to me man. Y'all can talk to me. I ain't standing office man. I'm a real one. There ain't too many people like me. Man. If you hit me in my DM and not see it, I'm gonna respond to you man. As long as I ain't nothing crazy, this and that. I'm gonna respond. Some of y'all might be going through something right now man. And you might need somebody to talk to. Well if you can reach me, shit, hit me up. Let's talk now. Don't get the ball trying to borrow no money. I ain't got no money. But if you need conversation, you need somebody gonna help you lift you up. You need somebody who gonna make you laugh. Hit me up, hit me up. I, I, I, I'll make it happen in a minute.


Don't forget if you can't watch me shit, take your ass on the Apple podcast or Spotify. Type in the bubble do. So here I'm what guy? I say when two or three. Two or three talk on speaking on me. There I am in the midst here. I'm, I know I'm not saying I'm God, I'm just saying where you can go and listen to me. If you can't watch me, if you at work and you got your headphones on, just go to Apple podcast, type in the bubble dub show or go to Spotify, type in the bubble dub show. That's all you got to do man. And leave me a review. Them reviews help me in the researching thing and the algorithm and when y'all start dropping reviews people start seeing oh bubble dub show.


Oh man I ain't, some people don't know I gotta show why 'cause y'all not telling them y'all being selfish. Don't be selfish with me man. Show me with the world. Let the world that don't know about me, let's let 'em know what they missing nigga they got the espn, they got the box now TRASHH, I'm gonna be the number one spot y'all wanna come to and get sports from. Especially football season. I'm gonna be the spot y'all going tune in Sunday morning and come and get this this where you gonna wanna be. This gonna where you gonna wanna tune in? Yeah. You gonna be like man I been rocking with Doug man been rocking with fam y'all right y'all we we been rocking with him and now And we this past weekend.


I know y'all seen that boxing match Boost Enni Dr. Graham crackers out of David, I of David Neesen, that's his name. David Neece. I finally done got the name right. David Neesen Boost Enni knocked graham crackers outta him. I'm not lying now He did it broke his jaw. Now he eating pancakes through a straw come you now boost English. Everybody saying you want, you should fight Terrance Crawford next. Be careful what you asked for. I know you exciting right now. I know you a young man. You think you're 27, you a young bull. You I think you're 32 and no maybe 33 and no you looking great. You looking great. You exciting You are you a young lion.


I say you about a 4-year-old lion. You coming into your own starting to get your mans. But that motherfucking Bull Crawford from arm Nebraska that got that bullet fragment in his head here. 10-year-old here, 10-year-old veteran lion man hang all the way down to his under the damn feet. Do you sure you want that monster? He been tested He'll like me Foster and scar, he been tested. Do you, are you sure you want? I know you, you got your people in your ear. Everybody run man you need to fight crowd man. Y'all know I better be quiet. I said the same shit when I was over this chick house talking shit to her about her boyfriend.


Man if he ever come over here man I'll do whatever man. I heard that car at Cargo Slam. I looked at, I looked through that pee posting next six, nine months. I wouldn't have jumped under the damn bed, cut my phone off 'cause I didn't want my phone to phone call the ring or attachments come through and he find out somebody else in there. That's what I'm saying. I'm Huh? I was pillow talking. I was talking all kind of crazy shit about what I do. But when I seen that man in real life I didn't feel the same mother way. I didn't. I'm being honest y'all. And I know what y'all thinking things the story Do what happened? I came off under their bed and tied my syrup up in a knot like RuPaul and started twisting body it.


How you doing girl? See you. That's how I acted. I'm not lying. I did what I had to do to survive. I was trying to see the next thing. Now I know what you want. Do you and her still talk? Hell no. She put me in danger. I'm a goose. That was a damn coyote. Coote eat gooses do you hear me? Coyote eat gooses. So you got the use the common sense these days man. Just like I just like I seen other day some dude was out there in the ocean in a kay. How you say little one of them little kay thing. Little small little boat fishing and a damn short came through. Beat the boat you nigga bigger boat.


What the hell you out there in that small boat fishing for? That don't even make make sense now when the damn shark bite the boat Stop. Stop all that damn holler. Stop all that damn holler making up all that noise. It can hear fam. That shark can hear. He could hear because he could hear and he could feel the fear in your ass. Couldn't have been me. I could have been in another big boat riding by and I see you screaming and all that. I would've passed your rabbit ass up. Why don't bring the heat over here. You ain't got no be being out there in that middle of that mother in the ocean. No way. That's what I'm people.


That's what them damn fish live at. That's what they do. Who y'all is out there stuttering, dropping bait down, trying to feel they bike for You gonna feel that motherfucker one day you gonna jump in the water. Oh his water feel great. Oh my god. And all of a sudden your head gone then y'all screaming. Oh I don't wear it. I don't want to hear it no more. Stay your ass out the wall. Anything you need to take your ass down in Florida and catch all them damn Burmese pipes that that's running on around down there. Man, them damn snakes bigger than the houses. That's the problem we got. Damn the ocean. Let the ocean be the ocean.


Take care of this shit that's on land. Ain't no damn way. I'm damn snake supposed to be that damn big man frustrated man. I'm frustrated. I know some of y'all frustrated too. I'm really frustrated and some of you hold. I gotta keep it 100 man. Some of you hoes ain't seen y'all kids since school got out. You've been with your mama, they've been with your boyfriend mama. You've been out here partying every weekend going different places around the world. Got these men hanging you off Bies. Got your bun twisted up sideways. Drinking tequila. On on on smoking hookers. Smoking hookers. Ain't had time for your kids. None of them now all of a sudden you need help with school clothes and school supply.


Who never no go back down to where you were popping that ass for on them boats for them. Dude. Ask them for the money getting outta too. They ain't giving back no free school drive. No they ain't. Hell no. You shoulda been working. No you wanna live your life bitch you 49 but you wanna live your life. You 49, you wanna live your life. Stop it then you wanna call and harass your boy baby daddy them for money when they, when they already done gave some money. Now you want more and you just a whore. We're backwards. We living in the backward ass world y'all.


We living in a backward ass world right now and I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like them phone calls. And you think you could hear me? No. Call your daddy. Okay call your mama 'cause she already hit you with them. Bad ass kid. 13, 14. Can't read, can't tie the shoes. Right. Disrespectful. I come over there, they gonna know how to say yes sir to me. But you not getting them for your birthday or Christmas or no school clothes. Why? Because you're disrespectful. And then when he, when, when, when? When your little 13, 14-year-old son wanna buck up to me. I'm putting hands on him. Yeah I'm gonna rough him up. I ain't gonna hurry. Mm.


I'm gonna rough him up. I'm gonna let him know who's the man now I might not can I might not can do it to a real man, grown man but a 13-year-old, 14-year-old. I give you a business. What can you business I put you in one of them headline like Melvin had baby boy. Yeah one for your mama. I have been them together a long time ago And you see what I see, I see a little dread like having scared little b. That's what I see. Hell, that's how I do 13-year-old, 14 old. I rough 'em up. I ain't gonna hurt because I don't wanna stump that girl. Hell. But when it come to a real man fam, I ain't got nothing to do with that dog. Real talk. It's a misunderstanding bro.


I apologize for bottom him off. We men, we can't be fighting one another man. That's what I'll say to a real man because I can't fight. I ain't about that violent Now if I see that he getting a little too hostile and like he really wanna do something. Ah, got my fire on me. Yeah. Bow Bow. You do something to me. Bow don't feel it too. Hell before you know it pow on your ass crying. Yeah. Yeah. I'm in my vehicle getting a power. Y'all say do hell and the youth, I ain't come to play with y'all this Monday. I come to let y'all know what been there. I come to let y'all know what's going on with Bernie James, what's going on with Trump?


What's going on with me? Good. And Tyler Perry. Good movie right now I'm here to spread the word and damnit I'm gonna spread it any way I can. That's what we do over here. Team USA. Y'all better come home with that motherfucking goal. I know that Aunt Man you say you the number one option. You better act like it. You mother better act like it.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap. Rocky don't big Sean Camila cabal, Don Cat Dua Lipa Gwen Stefani Halsey Hozier Sheath. Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


See I'm all about Wing. Sometimes you have to sacrifice some things in your life in order. I ain't always been with, ain't always been a good standup community. I had to work to get to that. I ain't always been good in the bedroom. I had to get hundred pass for that. See I'm getting up in age now y'all. I can't do the things I used to do in the bedroom in my twenties. I can do it in all kind of positions in my mid thirties now. I can't do them kind of positions. I around catch a Charlie horse now. Real men. Know what I'm saying? Now in your mid thirties and forties and fifties you can't move your body a certain way no more. You catch around, lock up. I be locked up like oh Kelly, you know I lying.


Gotta slow your role sometimes You got to tell them when you hey slow down all that wi slow down. You gonna lose me you three are you gonna slow nowhere? Me, you. I'm here. I ain't got no job. Hold on. Sometimes you gotta take it easy y'all sometimes you got to take it easy man. I know y'all be wanting to go out here please. These women take 'em out to eat, take 'em shopping and do all these things for 'em. And at the end of the night these women ain't trying to give you nothing fam they ain't.


Now you looking mad, sad driving home. Not me. Shit we gotta get that understanding before we go out. You the one who wanna go out to eat. You the one who wanna go, wanna go shopping. Guess what? I'm the go in that big one afterwards. So that's the only sign. This promissory note I, whoever her name is, I am willing to do anything And. we will do it if these things happen. So if I make them things happen, you gonna make something happen. Come here, be some bed rocking this motherfucker. Think I'm born and Les in here. Come here I stop. Stop playing with me now we got the hell kn segment coming up. Got the TRASHH of the day segment coming up.


So matter of fact, let's don't wanna get into the hell no segment man y'all man let's y get to it today Live. He knows what he and he's here to tell you. Hell no. Somebody hit me up. Mama dub man, will you ever do powder? Hell no. I seen what he do with my homeboys. I seen my homeboy had the nicest car, nicest house had the nicest furniture six months later when he got on that powder. Wasn't nothing in that motherfucker. No. Just so no I don't want no mother fucking bottle. You what I'm saying. Look I don't want it. I don't man. That shit is dangerous man to eat his own. I know people out there like to play what they know.


Not me. I I, it's destruction for me. I'm gonna stick to my little old Mary G I'm gonna stick to my little old Mary g Warn because I got my card. Yeah I'm medical. See some of y'all ain't medical and y'all can't do it but I, I'm medical I ain't gonna be able to do it. Somebody always ask me, duh man, do you like sleeping on her mattress? Hell no. This chick I used to stay with man had an her mattress. Her kids didn't do piss on that damn her mattress. Her mattress piss it down motherfucker Now I don't want no mama, her mattress can't sleep Good. Crooking your neck back bad wake up mad at the world. Real talk. That's how you feel when you sleep on air. Magic wake up mad at the world. But I come from magic, I come from that. Somebody out here watching this to I sleep on Air Max.


It's gonna get better. It's gonna get better. Hard at times don't last forever. Oh people do. Don't never forget that man. Somebody watching this show right now struggling but you watching this show to get through with the laugh. Yeah I been now I been now I been now it's gonna get better. I know you may not think so but this damn show gonna think better man. It is all gonna get better I promise you. Somebody ask me do I like when kids are outs, somebody ask me can I what? What did you do say how did they ask me this shit?


Do I like when the kids are home from school? Hell no I'm ready for the mother to go back to school right now. They gonna ate all my groceries up this whole mother This summer. They wake up hungry every 30 minutes they home. So hell no. I don't like when my kids home from school. Hell no I can't wait. The school start back. I know some of y'all can't wait right now. These damn kids can eat. They won't. Pizza of Hood Chick-fil-A yeah Raisin Cane. That's what they be want. How this hot? You better go in there and IA go in there and cook something. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go in there and cook you a burger. Yeah Homemade for scratch. I'm gonna get And you one I don't want get when your ass ain't hungry then I tell you that you don't want what I'm finna cook.


Your ass ain't gonna, you gonna star. See I come from the, my people, my parents them old school man if your ass didn't eat, your ass was gonna stall. And I had one of them parent was if your ass didn't eat, hell whoop your ass. You eat, you eat going and get that bill, I'm gonna put some on your ass. See I come from that. See these days you can't whoop these kids. Yeah ass going to jail. You know I ain't lie. Whoop these kids these days now and watch what happened. Your ass will go to jail if you leave a mark. Whip ass going to jail. Real talk. So you gotta be careful about how you discipline your children. I get it. It's your children. You should be able to discipline the way you want to discipline but you can't do it that no more in this world like that man you can't even really scream.


You can't scream, you can't even holler at 'em day 'cause you gonna hurt their feelings. These kids are softer than we were now. I got holler it got hit in the head, got everything in the world happened. Me for my parents, it was abuse. But what I want them to go to jail about it. Hell no. Now will I do that to my kids? Hell no. But we come up in two different eras man. See you kids a whole lot more smarter than we was but they're a whole lot softer, you know what I'm saying? D day person gets shot in the wrist, die back in our day people get shot 50 got shot nine times Survive. You see my point? It's different times.


Different, different ways, different people. What we going through right now, now going to Dallas. I gotta go up there and I'm looking for you Jerry, John. Damn right. What you waiting on fam? Why y'all waiting on him to pay C Lamb? Huh? The other team, the other Super Bowl team, Kansas City chief. They they got they people, they, they know what I'm saying? They they ready, they got the playbook they they meeting up down at the Arthurs Bryan Barbecue up there in Kansas City. They together see real teams get together. They gonna just get together when they're in training camp they get together before that. That's what you got to be doing right now. Jerry Jones. I don't know what you're waiting on man.


You ain't got that much longer on earth either. I'm just saying. I ain't got, I ain't calling your home. I'm just saying going by what you saying? You saying you won a Super Bowl ring before you go again but damnit you hurry up, you better hurry y'all. Well since you know everything bubble up. I'm just speaking to Jerry Jones. What do you recommend I do? Step down, step your ass out the way. Let your son Steven run the show. Matter of fact, get somebody else know man. Steven can't run it either. Let somebody else get in there running this show. Maybe me. How can you value weight? I don't want you to know right now. I was the, I was the supervisor at Popeye's.


I could see a sorry motherfucker from a mile away. My own uncle coming now Nephew. I know I need a job. Want you hire me. You sorry at home with big mama. How hell you gonna come in here and work? No not gonna do it. Yeah he put rumors out on me. Oh man, boy nephew ain't worth a damn man. He won't even hire family and ain't because you ain't gonna do nothing but steal. You ain't gonna work. You gonna want to talk back to me, disrespect me and I can't have that in front of my other employees 'cause I got to put fear in my employees. I got to let 'em know you come in late bye come in late bye. That's what I do.


That's what I tell them. Yeah I no lie. I ain't fair. I know you supposed to have family. I know but something tell you something some some family members ain't shit. And I know some of y'all can relate to what I'm saying. Some family members ain't shit. And that's the truth. Real talk TRASHH Sugar Day coming up and it ain't going to no other than that Sugar who tried to shoot Trump TRASHH for time to take the big homie out. TRASHH. I don't like violence. I don't believe in violence. I know some of y'all watching come on dog man you tripping man. You shit. No, no, no. I don't care if I like a person or I dislike a person.


I don't wish harm on nobody and what that shoe was trying to do. TRASHH look at how the world acted now. Trump's scared to wake. Trump's scared to come outta his house now that's a golf playing playing in Vagina motherfucker now he don't want to do me now he might wanna play in vaginal but he damn so wanna go to the golf course no more. 'cause he know somebody might be out there trying to take him out. That's all I'm saying. Joe Biden can't give a damn put no more. He's scared Joe. Who's your vice president? Blaine Johnson the rock ain't no damn. You know you see what I'm saying?


They got two of my homeboy Biden, my homeboy and Trump. My homeboy. Both of 'em scared right now man. People out to get him. I don't like it Hunger by no powder running around chasing me ho. But there's a lot going on. It's a lot going on. I could never wanna be a president because they like know that. Bring up everything in your past, all your skeletons. I can't do all that. I can't do all that And I won't hope y'all enjoyed today's show much as I did because they Trump just scared me man. I'm like man if they trying to kill Trump man, what you think they'll do to me? So I'm staying my black private ass in the house.


My pastor come, you come to church? Nope. I'll watch it on the couch. Hell I watch church on the couch Pastor and my and my cast app ain't working. My cal shop ain't working. Shit. You want want me to come out there and so I can and be and and be in danger. I don't wanna be in danger. I don't wanna live in fear. America supposed to be a safe place. It ain't safe no more y'all. It ain't safe for blacks, it ain't safe for whites. It ain't safe for Asian. Only people safe or not is Indians because they got their own land on they, you know what I'm saying? They got their own recipe. You can't go out the fuck with them Indians. Them damn Indians on every casino in the world right now.


They be weighed up to top smoking cigarettes. Damn. Cigarettes be your damn long. And y'all I know ain't lying. I'm telling y'all truth. Truth hurts. Truth hurts. But somebody gotta beg to tell you. See what's wrong with the word. You know the truth sound like hate sometimes. And what I do is not hate. It's the truth. My opinion. You y'all got your opinions. I got my opinion. Don't make 'em right. I'm just telling you how I see things through my lens. That's how I'm just telling you how I see things through my lens. Now if you like this show then you know what to do. Get in the comment section, hit your ball, leave, comment. Sure. That's what we do.


Hell, like I told you, I'm gonna be down there and plus in California from the 26th through the 27th I'm gonna be at Tommy T's folk show through Friday and to that Saturday, that Sunday I'm gonna drive all the way up to Sacktown. Yeah Sacramento. I'm gonna be at the punchline. Yeah me and my homie Lance Woods. Yeah grab them tickets. Y'all stop waiting. That's all I'm asking y'all to do. If I'm coming to y'all CS man go on and grab them tickets. I'm gonna be in Shreveport, Louisiana, Hocus eight me and 50 cent Kat, William, Lavelle Crawford, Ryan Davis, Gary Owens. Oh man. It's a star Stur event you might wanna pull up.


Especially my East Texas people. If you ain't never seen me, you might want to get out and come see your boy. I'm not playing no games on that stage y'all. I'm telling you I'm like that. I'm it. I'm he. And so is the other people that's on the show as well. Man, come out and have a good time. I'm telling you, come out and have a good time. Enjoy yourself before the kids go back to school because when the kids go back to school it's time to lock in. She said when the kid go back to school, you know you and your girl get in like you can't do it right now. 'cause they at the crib. They know they hear any little old squeak. They come running, they go to school. Come here hundred pack season. Come here. I'm already stacked up on me. I got six months supplies a hundred pound right now I'm killing mine.


Don't about y'all, but I'm killing mine. I'm going like a heavy, like a heavyweight vow. Real talk. Thank y'all for watching this show. I see y'all when I see y'all.


The Volume a Kia SUV is capable of taking you far. But when you use it locally to help your community, you go even further. Whether that's carrying cargo, bringing your team with you ready or navigating new terrain, power up your capability with the right Kia SUV. Do more with the Kia Sportage, Kia Telluride, Kia Sorento or Kia STOs Kia movement that inspires. Call 803 3 3 4 Kia for details. Always drive safely.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series in my podcast. Deep cover out now. All about George Santos. That's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Sha Booze, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay. Chris Martin Camp More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.