
Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factor's. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more. With my Lowe's rewards, earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus, unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key Status. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change


The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to the Bubble Dub. Show that today is Friday. I know some of y'all been waiting on Friday, all mother fucking week. I know y'all been waiting for Friday. Some of you getting your income taxes, some of 'em, you getting your regular pay, some of you getting double pay so I know how you feeling today. But before we get started, like we always do, hit the like button. Make sure you subscribe to The Bubba Dub Show. Make sure you keep your notifications turned on because you never know when we going to drop over here on The Bubba Dub Show before I even get to today. Show started.


I'm gonna say happy birthday to my big bro, Floyd Mayweather. Happy birthday bro. Oh man, man, hope you enjoy your time man. I know you've been in Miami all week partying and celebrating and man I'm I Big iron. I told you I gave him a word. I big iron nigga. See you. I just wanna give you your shout guy. Happy birthday to the champ Floyd Maywell. Now let's get to the, to the top of your hand today. The the Los Angeles Lakers on the back to back went to Portland last night and beat up on him. That's what I'm talking about. You didn't just lay down. Oh we lost the other night. Now we gotta travel up here and we gonna be tired. No you didn't to play And that's what I'm talking about.


Did y'all see bro? Did y'all see old doc? I thought bro had no dropper. I couldn't tell that motherfucker was going in left and right last night and lemme step back. Come here at Boldy. Steady moving and grooving the way he doing. No he ain't the old LeBron James that we accustomed to seeing. But lemme tell you something ladies and gentlemen. At 40 YEARS OLD, some of you motherfuckers 30, right? 30 YEARS OLD. Some of you 40 YEARS OLD and you still can't get out the bed right now today. But here this band right here be in the game 22, 23 years still doing what he doing.


This ain't no comparison to MJ or nobody else. We are simply talking about LeBron James and what he's been able to do over his long NBA career. Number one, he took care of his body. That's what you gotta take care of. Your mother body, your body is a temple. Your body is a temple. Some of you used to own here watching the show now used to be workout team, big muscles, big six pack. Now you got Big Bellys. Yeah, now you got church child burning hips, you ain't the same no more. But for this man to still wake up each and every morning with the love of the game, that's all about where I always preach and tell y'all about.


Now you got the love life because you never know where it's gonna be your time to get your rabbit ass up out him. So you got to be red. And by being ready, I mean I'm gonna enjoy myself. Ar I love what I seen from you last night. You was ice. Yeah. Get into your spots and make things happen. That's what it's going to take for, for the Lakers to, to advance to the, to the next round in the playoffs is the other people besides LeBron and Dick and Stomach Ha Nas Luca to, to get to the next level. We need that third option to be ar we need to found, we going to need 18 to 20 point every night consistently.


That's where we're going because we ain't got no big man. Yes we got Hayes, he can catch Alice this and that but he ain't consistent. We need to go out, make some calls, bring in JaVale McGee. I don't give a damn. Y'all gotta go out there and get the white Howard bring the white Howard back to the Lakers and Damon let's go. Ron got another year or two left on that. Damn and over. Y'all wanna resign Luca. Y'all better make some motherfucking things happen right now. That's all I'm saying about the Lakers y'all, I'm not saying they gonna win the championship, this and that, but I'm saying the Lakers is a good team and they have a chance. But will the front office go go and and and and get the pieces that they need right now.


Rob blinko you in the hot seat get because you went and got Luca. The motherfucking race ain't over. Oh race ain't over. See that's some song some people get. They they got money today. They, they ain't worried about nobody. I'm good right now nigga. What about tomorrow? The next day In the next day. So you gotta think about that to y'all don't wanna do all that. Y'all don't wanna be, y'all don't wanna put the work in. Some of us wanna sit back complain and I I ain't got miss up. You got both hands, both feet. You can see don't you know some people wish don't you don't. You know Stevie Warn wish she could see. I see Stevie, Stevie Wonder Turn kissing Jesse's as I know y'all saw that shit.


He didn't mean no harm about it. But you can't see somebody in Stevie Wonder came, should have told him, Hey man the man looked right here dog don't mean I don't let Jesse better than me. B slap I done slapped the rest of them dreads up off Stevie Wonder. I love you fam. I'm just saying you, I'm a man. Would you be kissing me in my motherfucking mouth? I don't give a damn who Stevie Wonder but my bread wonder. I don't give a damn. You keep your lips to yourself. See Stevie Wonder got nine kids. I ain't gonna tell who Stevie Wonder been kissing No damn. So ain't fucking kiss on me. Not now. Now n But reason why I'm so excited about the lake is 'cause normally they a lake hang after a loss and they come back on another night and go out and win.


Oh it was Portland, it's still an NBA team At the end of the day, ch Billis over head coach at the end of the day it's still an NBA team and we, we accustomed to the Lakers are laying down on teams that they supposed to be seeing 'em do against the hors. But for them to come back with a 40-year-old and LeBron James and get that win. I love it. I love every mother getting bigger. What I saw last night from the Lakers, now they get to go back home. You got a six game home stand. You better win every motherfucking game. You better win every goddamn game too. Ain't no excuse local. You are Bill treadmill. Right. God. Now after the treadmill I'm taking your Budweiser drinking ass to the track.


We still run. You playing like you gotta hangover Nick, I ain't done with you yet. And I don't give a damn that. Oh you he got just this motherfucker making over 40 something million dollars. Yep. What kind of goddamn adjustment do he need to make? The executive is put the ball in the hole. He ain't been able to do it consistently. It is time to get your shit together. I'm gonna hold you accountable. That's me do. If I can hold my black motherfuckers accountable, I'm gonna hold you white motherfuckers accountable. All of us going to be here accountable. On the bubble dove show. Ain't nobody better than nobody. We all the same.


Y'all the same sick of y'all Mofos on here crying man. You ain't said this. I'll say whatever the fuck I want to say on my show. And I mean you ain't gonna never, I never be a coward. That ain't who I am. I'm always gonna be a realist. I'm not always right. I'm not always right. I'm wrong sometimes y'all know what y'all wrong. I never get up here and say I'm perfect 'cause I know I'm not. But when I see bullshit I'm going to call you out on your bullshit. When you play good, I'm gonna praise you. When you play bad I'm gonna get on your ass. That's what I do. If you ain't understand what I've been doing by now, God damnit stop watching.


This shit is fun and entertainment for me and I love coming over here talking shit. 'cause I know that's how y'all be feeling man. You see Fame miss them too freaked all other night man. Come on bow. Come on man. That's the shit. No come on man. We have to do better. We have to do better man. Some of y'all you jump online and and I see certain people on there all the time. Like my cousin for example, my my my c my my cousin baby daddy shot three people. Y'all innocent people shot three people. She all online free. My nigga never leave that motherfucking animal in there.


Leave in. Now you thinking the Safari. When when a when when, when a when a wilder beast see a a lion that died. Do you think the Wilder Beast had Uhuh say no? There's one less animal. The Wilder beast gotta worry about y'all already gotta worry about Crocodile s hell Paul and texted me. Bam. He ain't got nothing but a hundred thousand dollars bond. You think you could sit there over here and get him my now that motherfucker being there selling summers before I do anything you gonna shot three people and you think this man need to be on the street. Not fact for you need to be in there.


Get your ass Me. I don't play those games y'all. That's something I don't do. You got to be a special kind of stupid motherfucker to be online screaming free somebody when this person done harm innocent people. Come on now we got to stop praising this kind of shit man. Yeah man. My partner in jail right now man. Holding it down. You know what I'm saying nigga, that your partner is stupid and so is you. I don't hang around stupid people at all. I'm tell you right now, man, you better ask my mama. You say boy you only good as the cop you keep Do you hear me? If you keep bad company, God damnit you bad too. But if you keep good company you going you, you in good hands.


You in all state hands babe. I'm just saying we have to pay attention to what we doing. I don't think I'm a role model. I tell people all the time, I'm not a good role model. I smoke weed, I drink 1942 every now and then. That ain't something to look up to. I'm just being 100. I'm flawed. I'm not perfect far from an I sin just like everybody else seen. But what I won't do is sit up on this mothering show and tell you a lie. Something I'm not going to do at all. That's all I'm saying. Some of us be lying for No don't y'all hate a motherfucker, just be lying, you know what I'm saying?


Just be lying man. You know I ran into Michael, Michael Jordan last night. The stop. Well what mother fucking restaurant you was at that Mike was at? I wanna hear this. I I really this. Oh man. Kill out man. You know what I'm saying man, I ran. You ain't ring to nobody nigga. You need to run to your baby mama and and take care of them motherfucking kids. That's what you need to be running into. So I'm tell you something about do I don't hang with people, I don't associate with people who don't take care of they kids. That's a big nigga. Can you rock with me? You don't rock with your kids though. Huh? Them kids didn't ask to be born.


I understand. If you don't like your crazy baby mama, see this and that. I understand. But you have to be in your children life depend on us. And if you got little girls, they need us more than anybody in the world need us. When you got little girls, man. Yeah, you ain't might not be with your baby mama no more. Guess what? Your baby mama might be dealing with some other guy, but you got girls in the house, you never know what the next man thinking. Some of these niggas be p some of us got pedophiles, our motherfucking family. Some of you like to be quiet about that. But dub ain't gonna be quiet about that. If I got a pedophile in my motherfucking family, you best believe my two daughters will never go around.


Never. Damn. How if these people get, if they just leave me alone with these kids, never I will. I am not a killer on some shit like that. I'm pulling the truck expression sl my nose. Knock your knee on this out nigga. I'm not bullshitting you. Some of us got killers in the family and we, I understood understand if it's justified, but if you got random killers in your family just killing people just to be killing. What's cool about that now?


Somebody done lost the son, somebody done lost the power. That shit ain't cool. Going around killing innocent people dog that shit that I don't even want that. That kind of karma kind of, kind of energy around me. And we all know killers. I do know some killers. That's justified. That's what I'm, it's just so be it. So be if it's justified. But if you get got people out here just rambling, going around killing our community in our community, what's good in that man, we got to build our motherfucking community up. Yeah. That's one thing about us. We, we brag on such, man, look at such and such shoes and this and that man. Some people ain't got it man. I know a lot of millionaires don't wear Jordans and Nikes.


That's one thing about us, we show offs. We, we, we wanna be seen. We never had certain shit in life. So now we wanna show it. That's cool. But we ain't going, we ain't going degrade nobody about this shit though. That's my thing. I ain't going to talk down on nobody man. I might talk shit, but I'm never talking down on anybody man. I, I'm a motivational speaker man. I wanna speak life and to everybody if I can. Some people I might rub the wrong way. Oh well. But I got good intentions though. At the end of the day I always got great intention. I always will. I can see a whole eye on the motherfucking street walking up and down. Yeah, she's still a woman.


She's still a motherfucking woman at the end of the day. And I ain't finna call her no B and none of that. I'm gonna ask her what's her name. I'm gonna ask her what's her motherfucking pride and God it Let's get down, let's get down and DJ quick. And Tony, Tony, Tony. Boy come on. Let's get down. Get down. Hey I'm just saying y'all.


Hello. It is Ryan and we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, you know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group voit were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive. The hatchback that took you cross country and back. And the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust Amica Auto Insurance. Amica Empathy is our best policy.


We got to be more respectful to our elder elder. Walk into the grocery store, we gonna open the doors for 'em no more. We just gone about our business man. We ain't looking out for the elders no more man. Elders where I'm from used to be safe. Now y'all robbing the elders now y'all breaking in the elder house and raping them. Y y'all niggas a I don't wanna be around no animal. I wanna be around good spirit as people just like me want to get money, wanna enjoy a life, want to take trip and and take care of their kid. They the people I wanna be around. I don't wanna be around nobody nigga man, damn man. I got nigga get a car before me. I been, I be in this gang way longer than him. He must have sold his soul. I don't want be around you negative ass people.


I don't care for you at all. It's hard work over here. Ain't shit been given to do. Some of y'all gonna work hard as me. God damnit. Ain't nothing been gave to you. You work for what you got now. I understand you could be in a position, somebody could come along and pass you up and you like damn man, what did they do? It don't matter what they did, it happened for a reason man. Yeah some people take the stairs, some people take the elevator at the end of the day, long as you get to where you trying to get to, that's all it matters to me. I don't give a damn if if if my goal is to make $10 million and it take me 90 years to make 10 million, God I it.


That's how I it shit heavy. Y'all sitting around here bumping your guns by Drake and Drake winning What this fucking motherfucker win drop. But if he win, Kendrick win. Why? 'cause we in the comments we on social media, we arguing about who's the best re or Kendrick. Well to be honest, you wanna know who the best is the record. They the ones who making all the motherfucking money while we sit back and talk and we buy this one, we buy that one and we comparing this and that.


The record labels win 'em all. I know y'all seen something. What was it Leon Cohan was talking about Ly Cohan was talking about he gotta like the music before he put it out. So I mean the bullshit that we hear today, the killing and and the robbing, that's the kind of music that these record labels want to be displayed Buzz to hear nothing positive. They don't want to hear no positive music. They want to hear negative killing music. And that's what they put out and that's what our children and that's what we hear today. Totally bullshit man. You are what you eat power in the tongue. You have to be careful what you say sometimes man. Real talk. Lot of times we pray God please, please God bless me with a million dollar, bless me with a million dollar.


God bless you with a million dollar and you blow it and you blow it. Sometimes we be asking God for things we ain't ready for. I know I used to do that too Lord. Just please bless me with some money man. Just bless me with this and that and you bless me with I wasn't ready for but I learned from it though. Yeah I learned from you learn from the mistakes you make in life. Hm. I can't condone you, I can't condemn you for the mistakes you made but people will do that though man. People will do that to you. And I don't know if I feel like sometime we done we gonna lost our way. I said a while back on this show, sometimes we can't even give people they props without people saying, oh man you did ride man, you did grind man, I just wanna give people they props man.


Huh? Because I know people often look at certain things like, well shit Doug, you doing your thing. You on the comedy tour man. Man I ain't doing it to that level. It don't matter what level you're doing it at man. As long as you're doing something man. I don't care if you're still in open, not open, open mics. You're trying. I could never fault anybody but trying man. I want hardly shorty. Man. But you ain't tried though Bella. She shoot you dying or not go shoot your motherfucking shot. No go shoot your shot. You never know what she going say. Okay I ain't got no money and she might not want you for your money. She might want you for your personality and your energy.


How kind ways man people are blocked you man. If you just be yourself. If you just be yourself and don't try to be nobody else man. You gonna be a okay in this world. I guarantee you that man you gonna be great in this world's all left saying y


Man if you watching this show, it's presented by prize picks going download the no more sports fantasy app that's in the game right now. You betting more or less on your favorite player. If you put $5 in you will get 50. And another thing, if you can't watch this show and you at work, you can listen to me on Apple Podcast and Spotify. But hear me out though, make sure you not watching this show around your boss 'cause I'm going to have you laugh at your mother fucking lie out. Your boss gonna come going to come find you and see what the hell's going on. Yeah, I'm just saying though. We just busy over here on The Bubba Dub Show y'all. That's what we do.


Mby Umble is outre of the season. Well a blood clot in his shoulder Sad Wemy was balling probably on his way to winning defenses player of the year. But Health man it is. You just never know. And this sits serious. Same thing happened to Chris Box you blood clots. This sits serious man. It ain't nothing to play with. Good thing they caught it and you know hopefully they can attack it now and and hopefully everything will be all right with Wimble because I know that, I know that's at the Spurs fans. I know y'all sick because y'all just got the Aaron Fox over there. Y'all was trying to make a playoff push.


But yeah man, win win Yoba out right now and I'm ready for next week. I'm ready to watch this fight with Tank and and Lamont Roach. I know a lot of y'all watched the interview. I appreciate y'all for watching it. But y'all got but y'all, what y'all gotta understand is man, when when you interviewing these people, man like I was doing, I only had 10 to 15 minutes to interview fam. We had three more other interviews he had to get done. Umt was in good spirits at the time. I know y'all be wanting to ask man why you ain't asking about Secure mean a million other motherfuckers didn't ask him about Secure. I don't wanna talk to him about Secure. I I I just didn't, that's why I didn't ask the motherfucking question. I asked the question.


That album went the answer at the end of the day. I, I asked the question that I wanted to ask him. That's it. And he gave me answers. The man is simply saying he is really leaning more towards retirement. That's, that's that just where my frame at right now. You can't get mad at this man for fighting. Who in the fuck he want to fight. Yes we want him to fight the best but if he don't wanna fight him, everybody I say he should fought. I didn't ask my pit bull again. He beat pit bull with one motherfucking hand. He beat pit bull with one mother fucking hand.


God you know y'all won from him. Everybody that pulled in from him and knock him out self a pit bull. I don't want you to knock out but he beat him with one hand. I asked him about Devin, he told us man to come back and redeem himself. He don't mind fighting Devin. That's what he say. Say he don't mind fighting Ryan. That's what he say. Don't get mad at me. That never the words he said y'all want me to do be on there. Be messy. That ain't me Could be messy. I could tell there and talk to my floor what they going on because I know I all that but that ain't none of y'all business them that's family business.


I could be one of the messiest motherfucker in the world but that ain't me. That ain't how I came up. No, no I'm not gonna do that. I could have said right down and asked him what's going on with you and Champ. Oh he would've loved to dive in but I won't do that. Bam. Floyd is family tank his family. I'm not gonna sit there and listen to one 'em talk about one another. That ain't what I do. And Floyd will tell you that too. That ain't what I do never need more people like that in life. When you got other folks talking about other folks. Hey hold on bro. I know you might got a problem family but I don't wanna hear that dog. Tell him how you feel. Tell her how you feel.


That's how you accomplish things in life man. That's how you stop all the negativity and the messy shit And he say see shit behind each other back. That's how you stop that. You can't stop people from talking this and that. You can't but you can stop it from what you want. Hear you know I don't wanna hear that. I don't wanna hear a mother thing. Got a partner right now. I love it there. He called me every other day talking about how he done with his girl but that nigga ain't done with his girl 'cause he ain't got nowhere to go. He damn so ain't gonna stay with me. You mother stay where you at? Damn she ain't two motherfucking you ain't Suffolk I'm leaving. You been saying that for two motherfucking years.


What you what the and who wants you Don't nobody you know and you know it. You better stay your ram right where you at. You think you finna come over and stay with me. That's a, that's a negative. Not taking care of no grown as Man you got a woman at the house, you better make that shit work. Do you better make that lazy motherfucker get up and do do something. I ain't going for that And y'all gonna go for this. You in a relationship right now and that motherfucker ain't doing what she supposed to do. Put her ass out. But if you ain't got nowhere to go, I understand if you sit there and you take it, I understand you.


I been there don't be done girl cheating on me whole family and you a fool. I would been none left but guess what? I can't come and stay with none of y'all again now you can't come over here my house full. Exactly. I mean I'm gonna sit right up under her while she do her thing. I'm gonna do my motherfucking thing too. Hell shit. That's how you handle that and you stay where you at and until you build your money up to where you can move on from that bullshit that you around. But in the meantime don't you fuck up, don't you fuck up no happy home. All because you in your feelings nigga. 45, 50 YEARS OLD had to move back with they mama.


That ain't a good look. It happens in its life. I'm not judging but you gotta have your own shit at the end. If you a man, you gotta have your own shit. Gotta have your shit, gotta have your car nickel gotta ain't nothing like having a car, car mess up. You're sick. I understand I've been there too. But you gotta have your car feel man truck something you gotta have you some kind of transportation to move from point A to point B. You might have done talked, might done talked up on something she want you pull up. You can't even pull up. You gotta catch your motherfucker move. Oh you can treat you tell her all man I just called her Uber and shit. Yeah I ho be knowing what going on whole. No you ain't got no car.


That's when they finna check your pockets. Let's go out the eat where you wanna go. But You know, you know I nigga go where you go? You stay 48 man I ain't be going over there man. My sister done went the other day. They said food with trash. No don pocket is trash. That's all that use. That's all that use. He knows what he saw and he you Watching this show and you know we do a thing where we call the hell no send me man. People send me questions in and I'll let y'all know. Is it hell no or not.


Do I think this LeBron last year? Hell no. The way he was shooting that motherfucking ball last night rung it up and down the court skipping, hanging it last year. Next year might be before this year. It's not just last year. We need to appreciate greatness and I know some of y'all gonna give man El bro he didn't play in the All Star. I don't give a damn and I already talked about that. I felt like that was between him and the NBAI really do. But I understand the people who bought tickets, I motherfuck understand it dog. Some of you gonna spend your your last to go see LeBron James at the NBA Allstar game.


You and your family and you get to see him play. I understand. I do. It's the NBA Allstar though. Got to understand you really wanna spend some money and and know a mother gonna play it gotta be a playoff game baby bro ain't missing no play game and y'all know that and you know that or ain't missing no playoff game and you ain't missing no game. When he gotta go to the New York Knicks do you hear me? Them game that motherfucker is not going Miss Kobe wasn't gonna miss 'em. MJ wasn't gonna miss no Madison Square Gordon games. Heath don't gonna to a game. You thinking you won LeBron. You ain't gonna be no in but LeBron gonna play. If they play in New York be out, you bet you bottom him dollar on that motherfucker gonna be at them game boy just keeping the 100 with you.


Other than that though man I'm, I'm, I'm in, I'm in good spirits man. Got some things I'm working on. The show is growing. I appreciate all my new followers, subscribers that I got on my show man. I appreciate y'all more than anything. Shit. Fees going up, comments going up, Sarah's going up. That's a good thing. Am I hearing my name more and more and more in the sports world now and that that was the goal from the start man to to to to be mentioned in the sports world man coming from the skits, the following years and this and that to where I'm at now.


Being considered one of the sports coming tables. I man I thank y'all but the job is not done. I'm steady pushing. Yeah I would love to be on ESPN some segments or some foxes first thing first whatever man I'm pushing to get open up them doors and have my own show as well. Real talk. And we gonna make it happen at the end of the day as Friday. Like I said, know some of y'all got your taxes, some of you done got paid today at the same time. Be careful out there. Don't be drinking and driving. Make sure you got insurance on your car. Some of you out here riding around with no motherfucking insurance man. Put some insurance on your car man. So you, you know what I'm saying because you never know your shit happens.


If you got your taxes right now you got a pocket full of money, motherfucker bottle enjoy your motherfuck self. You ain't going hate you just doing it 'cause you got your taxes. You motherfucking right. Go and get off. You going to McDonald's and you've been normally getting a burger. Get two of a motherfucker now I'm gonna Big Mac lord fries ma'am. Lord sprites apple pie today. I ain't happy yesterday but God damnit today. I got it. That's what we own. Make the opportunity to the bubble do show man.


You know tomorrow you know Lakers playing dimple Ku, you better have your motherfucking ass in your uniform. You they gonna be big because you know them gonna be ready. You know Russ gonna be ready to cook us. Him and Mary and Yoko. They they known the cook us So you motherfuckers, they're gonna be ready La I be up big smoke in in LA going to get you attacked and I ain't talking about no tattoo, I'm talking about this ain't trash. Pull up the jokes up, tell me you want, try that bubble dub. This ain't trash and you gonna love it. You going love it. Thank y'all for tuning in today's show ma'am.


Your bubble bubble dub peace of love Out The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Have you guys seen this new commercial from Standup to All Hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other, but then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this, this commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. You can learn more by following at what's up with Hate.


Get In The zone. AutoZone, Welcome to the A to Z savings event at AutoZone. Thanks. I need to change my oil. So how much is an oil filter Free when you buy five quartz of oil? Right now we have a special on Valvoline, advanced, full synthetic, or high mileage motor oil. The oil filter is free with the Valvoline Advanced, full synthetic or high mileage motor oil. Yep, the free oil filter is part of the A to Z savings event. Only at AutoZone get the Zone AutoZone Restrictions apply.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resource to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.