
A B, C Wednesday, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears. Dad, I am broke and I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So A couple of days when his daughter moves back in the last time you walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversations. The wheels come off. Can We try to talk to each other like rational adults? Have you watch the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. Series Premier Wednesday, eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes with variety calls, quote a PI drama with flair. Meet Diara Bricklin public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date with the help of her friends and even her ex-husband. Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Diara from Detroit is now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central


Severance. Season two is coming to Apple tv. Plus What you all Did five months ago is one of the most painful moments in the history of this company. Our message got out we're famous, all of us equally or one of us is like the star. What did you see? My Audi's wife is Ms. Casey. If you wouldn't find out what happened to her, oh, she's still alive. I wanna see my wife. We should have left Severance. New season streaming January 17th. Only on Apple TV Plus.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VW Group Void. Where? Prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


The Volume. Welcome to the bubble. Do show everybody get the like button. Hit subscribe button. Y'all already see what I'm on tonight. I'm on straight up bullshit tonight. I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm on straight up bullshit because that's what I just watched. That's what I just witnessed tonight. Bullshit. How I even get started though? Y'all know? You know what I want y'all to do man. Warming up in this moment. Somebody tell George Kickers, come here, somebody tell George Kickers, come here for the Pittsburgh Steelers.


Tell him come here right quick. I wanna talk to him. Just got through watching the Cincinnati Chili Bowl. Bengals beat the Steelers 19 to 17 and them gonna be younger. This game wasn't worth for. Damn do you if this game wasn't worth for. Damn. I tell you why. And it's just my IO my opinions lemme tell you why Pittsburgh did not wanna win this motherfucking game. You got number one receiver in George Pickens. I want that motherfucker investigated the same way they be. Hey I seen that so American Greed when the when the FFA come in and and and and then they investigate fraud.


What? This motherfucker ain't nothing but a fraud player. Number one receiver. You got one motherfucking catch and 60 niggas a ball game. You got football player that's done died on that motherfucking field. Damn Peewee league then. Yeah. Yeah. Peewee Lee Junior High. Oh I said college NFL and this motherfucker can't catch the ball. It ain't that motherfucking cold up there when you can't catch the ball.


You were complaining last year by having Getty Pickett. They bring in god damn Russell Sierra Wilson to change all that and you still dropping motherfucking passes. He ain't that motherfucking good to keep. Let him go, let him go. Either he dropping the ball or he messing with the other team. Either way he ain't worth it. And I know some of y'all saying shit dude I wouldn't, I wouldn't wanna win the game. He oh shit you want to win every motherfucking game. You can win playoffs right here.


You gonna throw in the motherfucking roll Mike. Tom, I don't know what you look, what you looking at but God damnit you need some he Michael Phelps but Russell Wilson ain't getting a job done 48 yard say with me Bubba. Dang trash. You don't need to put these motherfuckers on your eye Mike. I know it's cold up there but you need to be able to see and Russell C. Wilson is no longer doing the job. I ain't getting getting Justin Fields.


I'll change this shit up If I'm Mike Tumblr, I'm Mike Tumblr, I get together with my offensive coordinator. I'll come out that first playoff game playing Justin Fields. They ain't been prepared for him. They throw everybody out. They wouldn't know how to stop because Russell Wilson ain't doing nothing. Sitting in that motherfucking pocket. Sitting in their pocket. I don't know what he looking on looking at. I don't know who he waiting for but them motherfucking receivers, they ain't there taking no motherfucking sacks. It's six, it's second and six. Next thing you know it's third and 19. Got this motherfucker don't know how to throw a ball away. Big league 17, it's still don't know how to throw the ball away and move on to the next play.


That's what we witness here tonight. Y'all. Oh they going run the ball Shit. NoJa had it run like he got goddamn concrete, concrete boots on, concrete on wasting his damn shoes. Tell me I'm lying, I'm stealing nation right now. I'm not feeling good. I'm not feeling good about my squad. I'm not. And I, I'm happy you know Mike Tummler ain't never had a losing year. Good for him. But this ain't what this about. This is about winning the motherfucking Super Bowl dude, y'all already got one Tumblr. I know you want some more. This is about winning Super Bowl. This team ain't going to do it y'all. I'm sorry to tell you. Ain't no turning it on and turning it off. Either you got it or you don't.


And right now the damn damn Steelers ain't got it. They ain't fucking got it. Might well go ahead and call it of you might as well come on with the cowboy and watch this shit. I'd rather watch the IRA make TikTok video than Ralph Russell Wilson. Sorry ass talk ball. I don't know what that was tonight. Y'all, I don't know what that was tonight. I ain't gonna take all my frustration not on the stealers. I want to get props to Cincinnati Bengals and what Joe Burrow. What what? What he has been able to do this year. Him and Jamar Chase with no motherfucking defense. That's why I understand Cincinnati defense ain't stopped nobody all motherfucking here but when they come to the steel look they can stop them.


It don't make no motherfucking sister me damn bingo defensive prize. They goddamn damn they they stopped him Ro throwing that motherfucking ball all over. Jamar Chase leading in receptions, leading in touchdowns, leading in, leading in, leading in three categories. I think it's receptions, yards and touchdown triple crowns what they call it? Jamar Chase. Congratulations. Then you got Higgins over here. He ball into See one thing about Joe Foxborough, he makes sure everybody get the motherfucking ball. Do you? He makes sure everybody get the ball.


Remind Jen that's who he remind me of. Kailyn Jen Caly gentlemen is a team player. He all about, he all about the players getting they ball. I'm not bullshitting you. I ain't on no jokes. I'm being real. I'm being real now. Back in 1990 you good motherfucker white people had all that money you were running down up to LA getting them goddamn plastic surgeries now got shit coming out. Your face, face smell of straight your face right now smelling straight up swamp shit. What y'all getting them cock get them needles and in your face when you young and when you get older you look like a goddamn long time to be slick.


Oh I'm gonna stay young and young forever sleep. Soon as you white people get 49 your face start cracking up these goddamn face on. And what happened to Michael Jackson? Yeah look old Michael. That what happened to him. Them goddamn plastic surgeries turned into a straight goddamn monster. He really started looking like that damn character plaguing Thriller. That's the who he really started looking like started acting like him too the same way he was. Same way he was stepping into them goddamn bedroom to them boys and shit. Y'all know ain't bullshit. I ain't saying Mike touched them boy I don't get saying God damnit. That's how you were coming into the bedroom with him. I don't really have them stories though.


I don't. Mike dead and gone. I ain't gonna put no shit on his name. I'm just saying I don't believe he, he he, he touched all of them boy. I ain't saying he never touched nobody. I'm saying I don't believe he touched all of 'em. That's all I'm saying. That's how he was coming into them goddamn bedrooms to him. Shit they Michael have anybody he wanted me had had Elvis Presley dog. Don't you know goddamn white folks didn't like that goddamn white folks. Lisa Marie. She was busing. She was busing needle. Y'all keep thinking Mike wouldn't hit nothing. She see I just want to love you p really young.


Thank you. Need some love P shit. Michael Jackson. That's Joe Jackson baby boy. T go. You get your ass out this goddamn sound room. This Mike so new. He's Mike. So Mike died. Y'all want to tell me Michael Jackson was broke. Stop. Motherfucker got his own doctor. That's broke. Mike had every goddamn drug loan man in that room but he broke shit. Well if he were broke then goddamnit his credit was good because God old boy was giving it to him.


See I'm a different kind of bro look, I'm broke. I can't get no fronts. I can't get no 3.5 if I ain't got no goddamn money. Mike own Sony catalog own the Beatles catalog. But y'all want convince us that the man was broke Said I told y'all this year I'm gonna put you on game. These motherfuckers will put shit in your face and tell you what you seen. You didn't really see stop it. You want me to tell me I seen my baby mama in the parking lot giving head I didn't see that shit. I'm who I'm gonna loose. I didn't see my baby mama giving head in the parking lot and this dude car giving head the whole goddamn car was shaking.


I am beating on the door like god damn forest Dun was get out. That's what I was mean. People got the cameras out laughing and shit. I didn't find that shit funny. Y'all helped me get this ho off this nigga me but y'all wanna convince me us to work. Michael Jackson was broke. I don't believe her one mother fucking pig. I don't believe not gonna let y'all do that tonight. He might have been a dope pig. Okay so was Elvis. Y'all don't wanna talk about it but Elvis on them goddamn pills. Popping pills. That's that's the truth. Elvis died of popping pills overdose.


It happened to a ho some of us It's okay. He was a junkie. It's okay. He was a junkie. I ain't gonna take away from his talent. It was one of the greatest motherfuckers ever do it that didn't ever write nothing. Stole everybody of music. But God damnit you ain't nothing brother. I don't know I be lying to you if I tell you ain't like Elvis's not white motherfucker has style hair and he could act. I know how to separate the two. Some of you don't. Some of you nigga don't how to separate from a good woman from a hoe because you've been with hoes your whole life. So when you get a good woman you going to know how to treat that goddamn woman. 2025. We ain't doing no more that baby hair no more hoe. You ain't never had baby hair but all of a sudden you 49 with baby hair.


Get that shit off your goddamn head. Gladys. You going to get your ass in there somewhere and start cooking some black eye peas and some other shit. Come here with Tega top casserole. Yo grandma rolling over no motherfucking grade. What's Tega top casserole? That's that new shit. We dunno be like our fried chicken. Golden. We don't eat chicken without flour. You white folks done change the gang cooking chicken without flour neither y'all want air fry. Shit your motherfucker air frying your brain too. That's what you're doing. That's what you're doing. That's why you can't think earth frying microwave motherfucker.


I'm on the stove with this shit. Y'all want that quick fix. I want that quick high. That's how you die. I burst stop bullshitting. I told you 2025 it's new year for a change up. I'm already in the goddamn Planet Fitness every day. Me and so so me and so many other people in Planet Fitness, they in up working hard sweating like a motherfucker trying to lose that weight. I'm in enough for sure. I ain't really trying to lose no motherfucking weight. I'm kidding in time. I'm trying to get away from my girl. She getting on my god damn nerve. I'd rather go to the gym and look at them. Ho. I'm just being honest today. 2025 is all about being honest. 24 when you were getting exposed 25 is about being I'm in there looking at them.


Ho God damnit I'm looking too. I ain't wearing no glasses. Look at that. I want them to know. I'm looking at too. Excuse me. Excuse you. Stop wearing it. God damnit you wouldn't wear it. I wouldn't watch it but since you ain't wearing nothing I'm gonna look at that frog. But why looking you ain't tight up in that goddamn G and think I'm getting look you dead in your eyes all day. You a motherfucking lie. Motherfucker look down there too and I'm gonna look my goodness, I don't mean no disrespect but I'm a man.


I'm a man and I'm going to look I ain't in to get off track y'all. I apologize. Another game we watched day, we watched the Baltimore Ravens run through the goddamn Cleveland Dogg Brown Dogg Pound Brown. Let me be honest with y'all, the Cleveland Brown owners, y'all need to give them fans they motherfucking money back. I'm serious. That don't make no motherfucking sense. I sorry y'all are, y'all ain't done shit since, since Jim Jones was a young man. You know how many teams y'all done had? How many quarterbacks Y done went through that and y'all ain't been good since Jim Brown, Jim the Cleveland Brown was so goddamn sorry y'all Jim Brown quit and went to act.


I ain't bullshit. Start March Marching. Yeah I was marching with with Morton.


Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing? They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


With The best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you wanna enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact way you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Blue Diamond Resorts and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


This message comes from Greenlight ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. I won private. Put down your phone. This is the Army SAR High five casino's a social casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go. I win. Free spins, cash prizes, free down the rewards. Over 1200 games I won Again. Platoon present cell phone high five five Casino Casino. win@highfivecasino.com and download the High Five app. High five Casino to Social Casino. No person conditions Tails High Five Casino.


The holidays are here and so is the IKEA winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save up to 50% off on select items in store and online. Now through January 7th. Plus IKEA loyalty. Members get an extra 10% off on sale items. Need help managing the clutter of decorations. IKEA Storage Solutions will keep your home tidy from toys and tinsel. Having extra guests over check out offers on select dining furniture to make more room for the people who matter most this time of year. Don't wait to finish your winter wishlist. Shop the IKEA winter sale in store or online now until January 7th. Visit ikea USA dot com slash winter sale for more details. Terms apply offer validates may vary us only while supplies last. Selection may vary by stor and online C-store and ikea USA dot com slash winter sale. For complete terms, restrictions apply.


Oh y'all wanna paint a picture about oh I pig Martin, y'all want go paint a picture. Oh he was cheating on his wife. Who ain't Martin Luther King ain't the only man cheating. Only wi Martin Luther King will get some cooch. Do you hear me? Martin Luther King will give some cooch and goddammit I'm not mad here him mad that man forget some coochie tell you. Hegar Hoover trap. You were getting booty. I wanna talk about that j Hagar Ho and his boyfriend. But y'all wanna talk about Martin. Y'all wanna paint a picture on Martin? Well Martin was Don Martin cheating on car Scott and he called home.


God Carrera complaining you on the road man. Martin you been on the road two or three goddamn week. God I the hump. So then never seen a world that we lived in a miracle live in. Get mad at a man getting some y'all got mad at Tiger. Forget some y'all shame Tiger will forget some pus. Nigga can't win no more. That's the world we live in. Y'all. Y'all so called Christians. Y'all wanna complain at another man against us. Me dead in my eyes miracle. That's what we doing y'all this the land free. If I wanna go out there and gimme some ass goddamnit, I can go out there and get some ass there ain't none of y'all motherfucking business show what Malcolm Smoke show.


Show what? Martin Luther King smoke ports. I wouldn't surpris me if we smoke weed. It's the world we live in right here today. Street straight up bullshit. Cleveland Browns. Y'all need to sell that motherfucking organization to the bone Thugs and Hoon. That's the only God people that can sing a Cleveland Brown is Bone Thugs and Harmon Zy was still alive right now. I know he'll put his beat in for it. Mo Jackson gonna be the MVP three years in a row. Will it be three years in a row? He running it. I know he won it last year. I think he young one too.


So I think he might be three on win. He gonna win. Got the ain't nobody got the Sta Lamar guy. But what I'm starting to see from the Baltimore Ravens like I told y'all a couple weeks ago, they are running the ball now. Derrick Henry had over a hundred yard rushing. This store got that good but that second half when you keep feeding the goddamn baby. What I tell you, if you continue to feed a baby he will grow. That's how if you continue to feed a baby, he'll grow. That's what they did today. Just to keep the brown first half. They couldn't really get that much on the ground with Gary. They he started growing and when he started running down that motherfucking field and started getting to the second level and you see that stiff on let's get back, it's a defender.


I walk off the goddamn field and somebody stiff on me like get it back. And if I'm a defensive coordinator and they come on the sideline, I bring that tablet off and look at him. Look at you. Look at you getting stiffed on God. You got one more motherfucking time to get stiffed on like that on television. Your ass gonna be over here with me permanently For the Baltimore Ravens. I think this the year. I don't think next year. I'm telling you now this is the year that y'all can win the Super Bowl but you gotta stick to that formula is that we gonna run the ball and y'all motherfucking dope. This the year can do it. If once y'all get a league that mean the defense and defensive ends over there can put they to the back and get out to the quarterback.


But the Ravens, you're going to have to get a lead against these chiefs. You going to have to get a lead against the bills to win. I'm just being real with you. You gonna have to do those things If y'all do those things, y'all got a chance to going down the Super Bowl down in New Orleans and winning win it. I'm just calling it like I see it real talk now I don't know what y'all seeing but that's what I see from the Baltimore Raven. Yes the team they have now they can win the Super Bowl and it's outta the Ravens Chiefs and Bills. And I know y'all keep throwing up Josh Allen for MVP. Stop it. I'd rather get Joe Burrow their MVP before I give Josh Allen. I'm just being honest. But the MVP will go to Lamar Jackson, it will go to him.


That motherfucker ball, he throwing the ball beautifully and he percentage wasn't they good today Overall he ain't turning the ball over and that's all that matters in the NFL. You protecting the ball, you protect the ball. You always give your team a chance to win. And that's what Lamar action is doing this year. He can rely on Derrick hearing now. Yep. I especially when they get in that shotgun and then they do that re option. You gonna know if he gonna hand it off, you going to know if he going to keep it if make a real danger. And you seen today and the Baltimore Ravens when they came out getting an eye formation and Cleveland Brown stacked it up had nine men on the line of scri they thought they were from to run the ball played action to that big ass fullback.


28 yard game. You see what I'm saying? All of us a chess game baby. It's a chess game at this point because we all know the plays. So you think I'm finna run it? Okay I'm finna throw it right over your motherfucking head then the teams I like that make adjustments then the teams I like. Oh I see what formation y'all in right now. Okay I'm gonna bring my man and and and Motion and if that man go with him, that mean y'all done what man. So you gotta know game that man don't go y'all song. Y'all acting like y'all really think a BLS but you're not. You kind of mess with my offensive lineman. We gonna protect him. We gonna match protect anyway. Damnit. That's what I'm talking about Baltimore this to year Baltimore Ravens can win it out.


Will they? I don't know. We gonna see now we gonna move over to college. We gonna move over from college football right now you gotta hire your state playing against the Texas Longhorn. Let me be honest with y'all right now 'cause I'm Texas born and raised and I got to keep it 100 with my fans on this bubble dub. So the Ohio yo state going knock the goddamn brisket out the longhorns. I'm telling you right now the high yo state gonna knock the brisket out Texas Longhorns if the Longhorn wanna play. Which I know if they wanna win I know they ain't gonna do it. They better put Archie Manning in that mother. They better put Archie Manning in that motherfucker otherwise how your state gonna run through?


I'm get man I'm trying to tell y'all man I already see I got a bitch. I'm a vision theres I'm a bitch. I already see it. How your state gonna beat the Longhorn Y'all to my Texas fan to watching this. I'm sorry to tell you that but how your state gets a little bit too much for them Real talk now they telling me Penn State playing no dam Rudy died. Man thing can't do nothing. Them goddamn Sandusky state, the ghost of Sandusky is still on that goddamn team and when they get behind you ain't nothing you can do it. Jerry Sandusky did his best from behind.


That's just what they say now. I just say they say Jerry and Dusky do his best work from behind y'all look against that tomorrow if you ain't already got what I just see y'all look just tomorrow. So this what I got. I got PN state versus Ohio State in the championship. What y'all got, talk to me. That's what I got. I don't say it no other way Now couple teams been fool goals. Like we thought Oregon when they got beat with fool's goal Idaho State they need they ass beat too. See Idaho State for me. Me BB Boo boozy state boy.


Boys state was like a Chrysler 300. You know what I'm saying? They knives. They knives caught When you first see him I gotta give me a three. Oh them ho nasty just like Kat Williams said. And then when you see that real motherfucking road Royce pull up, you no longer more Chrysler 300. You won a double law. Some people call 'em Rolls Royces. My roll, my double law is called for real Rat That me my double law stand for real rat because you think I won't tell it on you. You a mother fucking lie. Some of you on here right now acting all hard man shit do you tripping uncle never tell shit when you nigga got secrets and your secrets are your secrets.


I ain't mad at you but some of you niggas done told before too. There's a lot going on in 2025. They trying to distract us. It's a lot of shit going on with the next two times and this guy hustle cartel game they be shooting guys let me tell y'all something. One thing I don't like is two black men arguing, fighting and going on when there's too much money y'all need to be getting, there's too many family members that we need to be taking care of and I don't want neither one of y'all taking away from y'all families. Now lemme tell you another thing about the young man king. Y'all need to put that motherfucker in the foster home so a real family can come through and adopt him and show him the real love that he need. 'cause you niggas can't do it. King need a real motherfucking family and he need a real motherfucking as whooping.


That's all he need. He a good kid. I don't give a damn what y'all saying. He need a good kid. Now where I'm from they were having die game. Us young kid we couldn't go with no goddamn die game. The matter was my daddy, whatever my cousin or my brother was there, it didn't matter. It didn't matter. We would get our ass whoop whether by them or what? By it was somebody else. So my mama and them and daddy gonna had the rules was if I it disrespected my elders, it didn't matter who it was. They could whoop my ass. They need to send that boy to a motherfucking real home where a real family can come in and get him and show him the genuine love. They didn't need 2025. We being honest and we showing love. That's what we doing.


We not getting on the internet arguing nobody fighting against one another and god damn it don't make sense the next two times. I like him cartel, I like him but we doing all this in front of children. We doing all this in front of a child at the end of the day put that motherfucking boy in a foster home so a real family can come through him and show him the genuine love that he needs. Too many of this going on. He need this, he need that now y'all need to get out the motherfucking way and let a real family come in and show that young man the love that he need. 'cause he ain't been showing the kind of love that he keep getting right now.


That the love he want. He want the world Chime in and say something. It don't work like that y'all. So what we going to do? We not going to indulge in that bullshit. We not gonna give our oh man they need to get in the ring and fight. No they don't. They need to show that man some love. Real talk. That's what we on right now. We showing love if anybody else out there in the goddamn damn world right now. Lemme tell you something, these kids need us more than we ever than they ever needed us right now because you got some mothers who keeping they sons away from they fathers. You know that's what's going on. He ain't gotta go with you, he ain't gotta go with you. He can stay right here with me. I'm his mama and his daddy.


Then the motherfucker grew up just like Kate didn't choke. Yeah when it could have been avoided. Yeah it could have been avoided. You running out here. That's one thing we ain't going do. That's one thing we ain't gonna do. You running out here you women not you ho not women because real women don't do it. Real women raise their kid hoes don't hoes that other people raise their children. Let me tell you something, you hold around out here going to club chasing meet the meet them. Meet the meet kids growing up, leaving anybody with 'em. That's how they been getting touched on. 'cause you leaving your kids with so many people that you're going leave your motherfucker know And then when you find out your kid been touched on now you want to go off now we don't wanna hear that fake ass shit.


You need to be in jail And so this the motherfuckers who touched them, you hos gonna raise your kids in 2025. Oh yeah you hos gonna raise y motherfucking kids in 2025. Ain't no more leaving them with mama. That shit dead mama gotta lie too. Mama got some niece to sub too and she can't do it watching Junior do you hear me? Same way you need your rent paid mama need her rent paid too And God damnit Mama needs finna have carpet burn. That's all I'm saying. Hang on sister. You having carpet burn. Mama don't have no goddamn carpet burn two for one over you. What you can't do Mama can do better bitch I I don't need no rot tail deal.


I want meat loaf and God damnit you can't cook meatloaf like glass. That is a bad motherfucker. Stop. Stop fucking with these sack chasers fellas and get you a woman man. A real one. A real one. They ain't gonna argue with you when you tell you going to hit the road or I got to go here and nothing get this and that. She ain't tripping. Oh a real woman say well don't you come back home and be safe. I see you when you get home. That's a real woman. That woman YI wanna go Rose. We used travel is dangerous when them two them goddamn male lines in the jungle and they go off some goddamn lines.


Don't go with them dudes. They stay at home with the sisters and brothers and the keys and take her at while we out here fighting. That's what a real woman do. She stay at the house or she stay out the way while you handling your business. Whether it's legal, legal, they stay out the way they stay in the car while we go out and provide real talk real men. When you on the phone, when you on the phone handling business real woman get out the way. Move around. I mean let's get out. Come on babies, let's go daddy on the phone. Them hoes don't mean no good. They wanna be in every motherfucking conversation you got going on. And some of them women that you that's with you, they really ain't with you. They against you And you wonder why you keep getting robbed. What's that motherfucker that you're living with your family, you're living with the enemy.


Y'all better pay attention to they to them pretty faces. You know flat waists them BBL stomachs these whole God big asses. They'll set your ass up. They'll set your ass up. How y'all nigga know she got a big ass shit so them niggas in jail too and they giving they look. They be careful. Y'all better be damn careful what's going on around here. Switching to the NBA now. I know y'all seen me talking about my motherfucking Lakers. Them fifth in the west right now. We kicking ass on the radar and I just threw opinion out there earlier. I know some of y'all liked it, some of you didn't.


I'm just simply saying if we get rid of Ru Vanderbilt second round pick, throw in a cup of porn star for Jimmy Buck, God damnit, go and get it. Who else out there we can get right now? Ain't too many players that we can get. We ain't got that much to give but God it if you bring me Jimmy Butler and them simply talking about bringing Jimmy Butler to the Laker for his toughness. Because when a get the whining and Brun get the whining. We know Jimmy Butler ain't for that bullshit. And we know when he go after the pole game he talking on his shit


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise cheap Caribbean Vacations. Vacations has your deal for that plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to re you the grill and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


It Is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


The holidays are here and so is the IKEA winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save up to 50% off on select items in store and online now through January 7th. Plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items. Need help managing the clutter of decorations. IKEA storage Solutions will keep your home tidy from toys and tinsel. Having extra guests over check out offers on select dining furniture to make more room for the people who matter most this time of year. Don't wait to finish your winter wishlist. Shop the IKEA winter sale in store or online now until January 7th. Visit ikea USA dot com slash winter sale for more details. Terms apply offer validates may vary us only while supplies last. Selection may vary by store and online. See store and IKEA dash USA dot com slash winter sale. For complete terms restrictions apply,


This message comes from Greenlight ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Welcome To Burger Ypi. Would you like a high apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah I want. Woo-hoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I just went big time playing High five casino on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily rewards over 1200 games. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah I won Again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your high five moment today? Download the High five app or visit high five casino.com. High five Casino was a social casino. No purchase necessary. What would prohibited play responsibly? Condition supply. See website for details. High five.


Casino Real Lake a fan. Know what Jimmy Bullock can do for us. That motherfucker to get us though. I out. We need, we need somebody to hold. They be whoever's team best player. God damnit bro. LeBron, that's how he blow that mode up every year. He know he can't hold nobody like he used to. So give somebody another that can play good. Solid defense on the other team. Best player. I ain't saying ain't stop but God damnit that Jimmy ain't. That motherfucker got the goddamn heart of a hungry voucher. A Jimmy LER and I take a person like that on my team any day of goddamn week.


That's what the NBA missing. His heart Jimmy Butler got heart. I bring Jimmy Buller ass to LA Bring your coffee nickel. I know you got your own coffee. Bring your coffee. And I got the weed nickel Jimmy Bubble Coffee. Coffee Bubba Dub presents him. This ain't trash goddam it. We won't never look. That's why I want a one one-on-one meeting right now and I want the world to make this happen. I want a one-on-one meeting with Anthony David. I want him in the room with me when he leave out that motherfucking room with me. Ba I'm gonna never be injured. I'm fine. Look this ain't smoke Cleveland weed.


Try this nigga. That's the truth bro. Didn't move to LA for no goddamn Hollywood shit. He moved to LA for weed. God damnit I got it. Come here. Oh you think he stay red wine? Oh you think it's the way he working now He holding nigga bro on that good weed up there bro. Sold out that three years ago. You don't think bro behind the scenes smoking you a motherfucking lie. All that money, all the criticism fam get. You don't think that motherfucker doing nothing Shit. Open y'all motherfucking eyes and start realizing these people just like me and you. They human. They bleed just like me and you bleed.


They shit stink Just like me and your shit stink. I get high like a motherfucker. All I want is one me man Anthony Davis. Damn because the shit I say about you not personal it's business. But I know if I can get some of this shit in your goddamn long. Whoa, whoa Hell you won't be thinking about them. Your badass foot or your badass knee or your shoulder hurt. All your pain will go away. I put you on some of the best I ever go back to the subject at hand. Lakers fifth in the west right now. Yeah Joe. We make a trade. I don't know some of y'all saying y'all nigga big man. Okay I get it. We can get a big man but you can also get Jimmy Butler too.


See I'm all about winning man. I ain't used to all these losing seasons. The playing and all that. I wanna hold a trophy up at the end of the day. That will make Kobe Bryant proud. You know what I'm saying? That will make Kobe proud man. That will make Jerry West proud man. That will make Dr. Plus proud man. I just want win baby. I'm like a David just win baby win. We done forgot about. That's what it's about. It's about winning. It ain't about looking good. It ain't about selling tickets motherfucker. It's about, it's the same thing with you. No go to the strip club. You hoes ain't shaking ass like you used to shake ass.


Oh you got pretty eyes okay you got pretty feet. Okay but they big ho you got your daddy feet ho. Shake your ass like you supposed to shake as make, make make me make me want spend my mother even though I got $150. God damnit you gonna to get it but make me spend it, make me throw it all in air one time. Make me feel like I'm part of bml. Make me feel like I'm part of bml. I wanna make it right. We spin my hair telling me you been watching me all motherfucking night. Even though I know you lying to me. I like to be lied to every now and then y'all. I don't know about y'all but I'd like to be lied to. I like them. Tell me I'm sexy. You know what? I'm bad built like a motherfucker.


I'm bad. I'm shit. I'm built like a remote control no motherfucking fix me give a how long I go to the gym. I'm always gonna be bad built. But I love for the hotel. Me I'm sexy Rub on my chest, hers and shit make me feel good because I was gonna give you $150 but now I'm gonna give your ass 1 59. It's the kindness for me. It's the nicet for me. Same way ladies compliment. Your man fell compli compliment your woman. Your woman used to be 175 pounds thick five motherfucker bill beautifully now she two 60 now you gotta help her ass get up off the cows now you better steal Lu at one don't you Turn your back on her 'cause she can't get up like she used to now she can still spread them cheeks.


Ain't like not no other. She can't get up off the cows like she used to. Now you got to hip up. Come on baby. Now her knee bad now you got to weigh on her slow ass. Even though she always been slow. Now you got to weigh on now you gotta have patience. That's number one rule. You gotta have patience the same way in life. You gotta have patience. Stop rushing. Shit we, we won't sit right then and there and it ain't meant for us to have it right then and there. Sometimes you gotta put the work in, put the work in, put the work in. Then eventually it's gonna, you know what I'm saying? It's gonna come but you gotta put the work in. You can't cheat yourself. That's all I'm say why can this show presented by Christ Bitch


Real talk right there. Scan that barcode. All you gotta do put five hours in, they gonna give you 50 real talk. We did good last week. Did that good last month. Real talk. I heard we had like 200 people signed up. That's good. But we need more. More because if you running around here and you got a little extra change and you wanna make some money, prize pick is the way to go. All you doing is bettering more or less on your favorite player. I rang it up tonight. I ain't gonna say I ran it up tonight but I want like $250 extra. That's, that's $250 I got what I'm gonna do. Draw it out. Never. I'm gonna leave it in there. Leave at two 50 in there now tomorrow. Put my pics in. Hell the whole two 50 I want be. I'm gonna make all kind of pics. It's all about this. Think about that 200. I could tell you out if you really need, you can get your money. But if you smart you play a long game. Nah, I'm gonna spread this. I'm gonna make about, I'm get about 10 picks out this two 50. I'm make it worth a while. That's how you get your money. Real talk.


If you can't watch this show sometime go to Apple podcast, go Spotify, type in the book th show. I'm if you watch it now you shit done hit the like button. Shit done already. Subscribe. I can entertain you more than this one show than anybody else Done done this whole motherfucking year. Real talk. Everybody will just talking. I'm giving you game in making me laugh. Hell a combination over here if you ask me I'm this ain't trash and I'm I'm in the owl. I'm in the owl. But how y'all feeling though? 2025. I know y'all gonna make y'all new year resolution. Just stick to that shit man. Real talk. Just stick to it. Whatever you talk to God about, whatever you talk to yourself about, stick to it and and go for it man.


The reason why you ain't got it yet probably 'cause you ain't put the work in. But if you don't put the work in and you still ain't got it, eventually it's gonna come. I promise you that. I'm a prime example of that shit. It can happen and it will happen. You keep doing good even when people do you bad you still do good to 'em. I know it hurts sometimes you be like I know I've been down with you but you keep doing, you keep doing you. I have people talk down on me on the daily wanna see me dead and gone. Don't want to see me with nothing. I still speak to 'em if I see them and I just play it cool 'cause they gonna know. I know and they'll never know.


I know but I'm gonna keep pushing. I ain't letting what nobody else say about me. Stop made it this far godda I'm gonna keep going. You can do same thing. Some of y'all already start a business right now and some of your people already done told you ain't gonna work. Fuck fuck them. Let these people talk man and do your thing. I talk shit all year. Y'all been watching me, I've been talking shit all year about the cowboy. We going do this and that. I knew no motherfucker wasn't going do nothing and knew motherfucker wasn't going to do nothing. God damnit it feel good to talk about them.


Cowboys ain't been sitting 30 years. Just what we still talk about them and Jerry Jones wrinkle ass know that long as we talk about him, as long as he gonna make money he gonna give a damn about y All about that joke. That's what he all about man. Show he knows what he and he's here to tell you. Hell He's telling you the truth. That is what he all about now. Part of the show. I don't know what know nothing about this show. We do a hell no sitting another show. I'm fucker break it down to y'all. I'll be sending me questions and I'll let y'all know if it's hell no or not. Somebody hit me up with Shaquille O'Neal.


Stop tricking hell no. Shaq. Shaq Don forever trick. Shaq got 8 million. He ain't got nothing else to do. Shit. He gonna, that big motherfucker barely gotta bed. He gotta have so help him get up. He got holes and I don't bang somebody add me a little baby new album jamming. Hell no I'm not little lil baby but this album ain't work for Daniel. I'm skipped every motherfucker song on now ain't I? Man if I'm lying I'm down there. I with a New York Knicks win the championship goddamn rat don't win no championship.


Rats never win. Never man. I watch some TV on C they man a rat died. They had a funeral before that goddamn rat. Don't y'all know the rat had a goddamn gold casket. Them goddamn rats were dripping. I'm not bullshitting you one of the motherfucker from Harlem. I thought that motherfucker with Jim Jones the way he dressed everybody know Jim Jones is the drip guy. That rat dressed better than Jim Jones. I ain't never seen a motherfucking berry coat like that. That goddamn rat was fired that boy. And guess what song they were playing too Went on. When? When that, when at that rap funeral. Y'all ain't gonna believe it.


You thought it was the red coordination of a biggie. Y'all remember when Biggie passed and it came through with his car? Biggie, biggie, biggie. Can't you see sometimes your words just hear him. That's what they were playing at the funeral. At that rat funeral Hypnotize report. I put ho NY on DKNY. Hold on now who's the real Hey man I'm telling y'all that rat gold ain't bullshit. Old casket. Y'all think I'm lying Shit and y'all truthing today. I'm not bullshitting. Somebody hit me up too.


Will he hoes ever stop taking bird bath? Hell no. Oh you think you got something special hun? 'cause he fired and Big Boogie huh? Huh? Flash thumb on. You think you got something? Huh? Oh you got some pussy tonight? Huh? Shit ho took a seven minute bath. You in there eating on some self mini cooch. Boy stop wondering why your wondering why your damn mouth norm? 'cause she ain't taking real baths out here. I'm ready. See you funky three strokes and in the whole, the whole room smell change ain't right. She been like burnt rubber and you know Uhuh, you get your back in that goddamn tub and you lean God and you take a bath.


You ba I ain't never seen nothing like in my life these ho taking very bad. I'm talking about she ready. Nah you ain't ready. Real men got here. We deserve more than this shit. Yeah they should released Eki Elliot a long time ago but they just not releasing now they wanted to go to at the contender. Who gonna pick him up? Godda, GKE Elliot average 0.8 yards to carry. Somebody want that shit on they damn team. Somebody want that shit man. Eagles ain't worth a damn. They ain't letting letting that man. They ain't even letting that man go for the record.


Y'all nigga fell soft, fell fucking soft. So Eric Dickerson, your record is safe. They don't, this shit sucked man this shit already rigged. You seen that tonight with the sticky look gang. Y'all seen this shit with y'all on. I ain't gotta keep telling y'all this shit. I'm gonna keep watching whether it rigged or not. I'm just saying but this you can you, you can just tell that the Steelers didn't wanna win tonight. This shit bigger than us Don't never forget it. This shit is bigger than us. This entertainment game is bigger than us man. And ain't always gonna be bigger than us. Don't never forget that shit.


Real talk trash other day going to the damn Cleveland Browns people come out there each and every goddamn Sunday to watch. They so fail. That's the shit as a fan, you know these motherfucker not finna win but you still go snowing. Eyes Hollow the road you damn near dying getting to the game. That's dedication now. Ain't no motherfucking win. I'm finna be dying damn near dying in the car wreck to go see this sir ass team play. And I know they going to lose but y'all steady showing up. Worst I worse than the Cowboy. I like running jerseys but I ain't gonna the motherfucking game though. Ain't gonna lose. They watch this shit on TV Matter don't even wanna watch it.


I got gray hair watching them goddamn cats shit right there as gray hair watching them cowboy. I don't want me gray haired so I'm stop watching. I learned to cut that motherfucking TV out. I'd rather play a good, I'd rather play some dominoes. And another thing I put y'all up on too, I'm fixing start gaming too so y'all be ready for game. I'm feeling a store gaming. I'm waiting on that GTA six to come when that GTA six drop. God damnit. I want y'all to come over here and rock with me 'cause I'm gonna be gaming real talk. I'm gonna be gaming. So y'all get ready for that. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight to The Bubba Dub Show. I see y'all again tomorrow. Going live again tomorrow. You know it's Sunday. So you I like to do my thing. Peace and love 'em out


With the best all inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise. Cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured adults only all-inclusive package to secrets resorts and spas. Do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


The holidays are here and so is the IKEA winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save up to 50% off on select items in store and online. Now through January 7th. Plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items. Offer valid in the US through one seven mall supplies. Last selection may vary by stor and online. See store in ikea USA dot com slash winter sale. For complete terms restrictions apply,


the Following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Welcome to Burger You. Would you like a hot apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah, I want woohoo. So that's a yes on the Apple Pie. I just went big time playing High Five Casino on my phone. Real cash prizes, free daily rewards. Over 1200 games. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your High five moment today? Download the High five Apple or visit high five casino.com. High Five. Casino was a social casino. No purchase necessary. What would prohibit play responsibly? Conditions? Supply. See website for details. I five casino.