
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom Video breaking The tackle Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're Gonna love This. Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Holiday magic is in the air and Ds W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


The Volume It is Friday y'all. We here, it's Friday y'all. And we here hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Hopefully if you already subscribed to the show, hopefully you already got your notifications on that. You know when we going to drop? 'cause you never know what we going drop. Some of y'all thought we were gonna drop last night. No dropping today because I want everybody on today. You up to date. Y'all be going to bed too early for me. I dunno what's going on with y'all. I dunno if y'all diabetic or you gotta get up early in the morning for work. I don't know but y'all be going to bed early for me so I thought maybe I catch y'all early this morning.


No, 11 o'clock around the right time black people really gig up. Who ain't got y You know I'm talking about it's about the right time y'all look so damn it. We here today. I need all my step and Curry fans to come here right now. Let's talk, let's talk. I wanna talk about it right now. My step Curry fan. Let's talk. What happened last night? Y'all stay step to go stop it Had two motherfuck points last night. Two motherfucking points. But he go high. Explain to me. Yes but player never Michael Jordan could.


The LeBron James could. They got they ass to last night by the Grizz list. So what excuse y'all gonna make today for Steph? I'm I, I'm, I'm waiting. I wanna hear this and Draymond you didn't do shit either Scoreless so I want, I won right now. I won't even know. What kind of excuse do you Steph Carry fans have for him today to the fact that that man had two motherfucking points in 24 minutes. That's Gabriel Von numbers for Lakers Looney.


He had two motherfucking points. Two. Yeah Steph def Stephanie definitely sold my pics last night. Definitely sold my motherfucking pics. So I don't wanna hear nothing about Steph Curry no more. I don't care what else he do. He could win two or three more rings. I don't give a damn but I do not wanna hear Stephen Curry's name in the goat conversation. No damn mo that's dead. That's a fish water Dead's all I'm saying love stuff to death.


But the goat, no not yet. I talk about my Lakers one 13 to 100. They defi the the the kings last night LeBron had 19 6, 7 80 had 21 and 19. That's what you're supposed to do. Ar had 25 about motherfucking time mass. Christy eight points 28 minutes. They ain't gonna get it fam. If you gonna start in the NBA and play 28 minutes, you got to have more than eight motherfucking points. You ain't CP three. Only Chris Paul can have eight points and maybe 10, 12 or six.


You ain't even got that now. JJ Red. You need to hold these motherfucking players accountable bro. You took a couple days off to rest your mobile. I don't wanna hear nothing else about your damn mobile. Need oil no damn mo you on the sideline God damn taking some shit. I don't know what it was but you were taking something bro. 40 years old and this car ain't never broke down yet. It's people out here 20 years old mo them broke down 10 goddamn times. But your mo ain't broke down yet. What's really going on? I remember after every game Michael Jordan played, he had eyes on his damn knees.


I ain't never seen bru with no eyes on his knees. What This nigga really from, this is a special nigga. The good Lord put together with LeBron James you ain't never heard him in no controversy. You ain't never heard him in no scandals. You ain't never heard about him smoking. We ain't never heard about him doing nothing. What? What This nigga really from this nigga special. He ain't really got no go-to moves but he could go leading and scoring all time like come on this nigga is special y'all but y'all don't wanna give LeBron his credit. Oh he lost this nigga fine because I don't give a damn how many he lost.


He can be in, he been now like 15 and 12 right now. Man that they, they they better than than they record. They are better than they motherfucking record right now we need to make a trade. Brandon Ingram, Zion, we damnit bra and somebody. Damn this shit is frustrating as being a Laker fan, being a Dallas Cowboy fan. This shit is frustrating y'all. I'm not gonna lie to y'all. It's very frustrating when your team is not Wing and everybody else seen winging. I come outside, my neighbor out there happy and shit. Fuck you.


Hell you smiling nigga. Ain't nothing to be smiling about. Of course this team, the King City chiefs, he got every right to be smiling. I am over here hanging on to the motherfucking cowboy cowboy this cowboy that and it ain't got me no damn where. So I had to step out this year. Y'all had to step outside my comfort zone. Y'all I had to step out with the Buffalo bills. Some of y'all was mad, some of y'all understood it but I had to make a decision. Y'all either go to bed at night angry or go to bed happy. I chose to go to bed happy. Who don't wanna be happy. That's the whole who gonna mother fucking wanna be happy.


I know Buffalo went to four straight Super Bowls a long time ago. Hella Dallas Cowboy won a Super Bowl a long time ago. But it's a new year. It's a new year. People change, things change. You might have been a fucked up individual the last two weeks but now you, you, you, you in a better, you in a better place. You want me to judge you off what you were two weeks ago or you want me to judge you off right now? Cowboys ain't done shit since 95. Yeah Tupac was alive the last time the Cowboy done something and some of you on here talking about the Dallas Cowboy fan, some of y'all team ain't never won.


So what make you so I ain't understand how y'all wanna come over here and say anything when your team ain't never one shit y'all ain't never won and ain't Carolina Panther. Y'all ain't never worn nothing in Aint Why in the fuck is y'all talking New York Jets? Y'all ain't done nothing to Joe name. They were 49 years ago. Them damn rats in New York were driving Chevrolet Caprices back then. Them damn rats ain't driving. Chevrolet Caprices don't mow up there. They got Teslas them damn rest in New York got Teslas now. See you ain't about what you want.


This is where you at. Buffalo is on the up. I'm telling y'all man if, if Buffalo continue to run the ball the way they running it Josh Allen stay healthy. They receiving Core get healthy up there and the defense being but don't break Buffalo Bills have a chance to win the Super Bowl this year. That ain't no cap number one ain't ain't nobody gonna go up there and play in no motherfucking snow. Ain't nobody wanna go up there and play in that damn snow. Okay you got the Ravens cool. Yes you got the Raven but what had Lamar Jackson done in the playoffs for you to put your trust in him? I'll wait and I want that brother to get a ring but he ain't showed me shit in the playoffs.


Tell me I'm lying. Well Lamar done in the playoffs. Not nothing Now if you do something this year, great but I do got the Ravens just won the team. I got the Ravens, I got Buffalo and I got the Chiefs. I do not think Pittsburgh have enough right now to get to the Super Bowl. I just don't see it right now from Dangerous Russ I don't see it but them are my three teams coming out the A FC now A-F-F-C-I got Detroit, I got the Eagles. Them the only two teams I got coming out right now. All you wanna say a sleeper team like the Packers. Okay but other than that I don't see nobody else coming out the N-F-C-C-N-F-C but but those two teams right now, like y'all get me y'all take who y'all think coming out the A FC and who y'all got coming out the NFC?


Like who y'all got? Talk to me right now. I'm all ears but I'm just giving y'all my take on what I think that the Buffalo Bills can do for the Ravens for them to win it, they gonna have to run the ball and the more Jackson going to have to make the throws that because they going to put the ball in the Moore Jackson hands in the end they gonna take, they gonna take Henry out. Like that's, let's just be real. They gonna take Henry out. He gonna have to get back there in that motherfucking pocket and make some throws. Can Lamar Jackson make the throws in the playoffs? And we know he make them in the regular season but can fam really make them in the playoffs. That's where it's gonna boil down to because if Lamar Jackson could make those throws then no question they got a chance to win.


That's all I'm saying. But right now for me Josh Allen is playing the best ball for as quarterback wise on a winning team is him now losing team Joe Burrow. Like if Joe Burrow I guess said Joe Burrow them was what, 10 and four he would probably win the sup. He would probably be the MVP Joe Burrow would, but since his team is not winning like that, he probably not going even be in MVP considerations. But Josh Allen is playing the best ball right now. Lamar in there too, but I just like what Josh Allen is doing so far. Also switching to the NBAI won show love to the Houston Rockets 18 nine, shout out to Yoka.


That's a bad motherfucking coach. That's a bad motherfucking coach down here in a time right now boys, you don't, I I'm rocking with now. Don't trust him around your girl or nothing because he'll struggle. You can't trust that motherfucker head coach for rock around your girl. He he, he a snake he'll coach all day but he all day too was up there in bossing getting out cl they were bringing coach what, what you call it? Potato soup. All they fire now don't fire me, fire your wife nigga.


She the one coming in here bucket naked. Don't get mad every man. Forget some. You can't trust him though man. That cheat need alone. You can't trust you right down. Who on his team? Jalen Green. She better keep Dre. I'm, you better keep Dre away from your head coach. He, I wouldn't even bring my girl around for your dope shit name. Stick his hand out to shake her hand. Get your hand down. I don't trust you coach. I trust you on the court but off the court never.


Hey y'all wanna go bowling? No.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom video breaking the Tackle Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday owned on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com btw group. No purchase necessary void web, prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today


Back. Pay attention to what's going on. I gonna say like y'all people out here in the world, man y'all be, how's my homeboy man? We, me and him and my girl. We be going out. You better quit that shit. You, you better you. You better quit that shit because some of y'all girls ain't really girls. Y'all ain't y'all. Some of y'all girls ain't really down. They ain't loyal like that. They'll do something and you bring around your homeboy. Who a go getter and don't, don't put, don't put fam in that situation now y'all into it about all because of what you shouldn't have brought her around. You know rabbit like carrots and your pocket got carrots all on his neck and you got this rabbit over him. Well rabbit don want some of them motherfucking carrots. So all I'm saying sometimes stop inviting the devil into your home.


That's all I'm saying. Stop biting the devil into your home man. A lot of you women keep saying oh I want a man, I want a good man. But you keep going to the gym working out but you half naked in the gym now you getting mad when the nigga's in the gym trying to high at you. Look what you wearing me all hard in this motherfucker and you want tell me, I'm trying to tell you your town flat. I'm not trying to holler at you. What wrong with some of y'all women? Dude we trying to tell y'all something Uhuh. I got a man. Bitch your time flat trying to holler at your biscuit head ho. You got your daddy feet in your grandpa hands. I don't want you. I'm trying to save a lie but you don't want me to say nothing.


I won't say nothing. Go down the road and run off the road and crash then ho. Since you don't want no help, maybe the next motherfucker matter. Who all they want help? The ugly motherfucker, ugly motherfuckers. Listen, look here, hold on. Call me. Don't text me. Only time you gonna hear from me is when I hit you. Don't you reach out to me. Okay. I understand. Three in the morning. Hey can you meet me at such and so I'm on my way. You hungry? That's what the ugly hole do. The whole ass you hungry. Do you got do you need some money? Them ugly. That's why they winning them pretty motherfuck. Tray ain't damn. Especially around this time them pretty holes ain't cooking.


What? Damn what Shit come mom not cooking nothing. If I could find you somebody that love your love, your dirty drawers find you somebody to respect you. Find you somebody that when you leave and go wherever you go you ain't worried about nobody coming in your dough. That's the kind of woman that you want ladies. You gonna find your man that's gonna take care of you and respect you. That's what you got to be looking for. I said it again ladies, stop fucking who you want and fuck who you need. Once y'all start figuring that out, you need to fuck who you need and not who you want. The world will be in a better place. We'll be in a better place. Like I took a set second, I took LA Charger, they beat the Denver Broncos last night.


Both Nicks play good. I like what I like what the head coach Sean Peyton is doing over well with the Broncos right now. But the rest were cheating last night. I ain't gonna lie man. There was some, it was some Hogan calls that they wasn't calling for the Broncos. I I don't like that. The NFL man y'all, y'all got to do better the refs. Y'all got to do better man. Y'all make this shit look real obvious that y'all pulling for a certain team. I don't like that shit man. Like it was several times man. I'm talking about just blatant holding in the dude and y'all act like y'all don't even see shit dog like it make you ain't wanna watch football no more if y'all gonna keep doing this shit like NFL gotta do better with the refs.


Like am I and I'm am. I'm the only one tripping on this but the play call all but the referee the refs they don't even make it fun to watch no more. You can't even watch a good game 'cause the refs controlling this shit man. I thought the game supposed to be decided by the players. Not the, not the the black and white boys like come on man. Shit ain't even fun no more than me honestly. It's not even fun. The NBA done fucked up the NBA all star format. I don't even know what's going on no more. This shit a joke. MJ rolling over on this motherfucking golf course right now man. The NB a's a joke. That's why a damn arm the viewership is down man. The viewership is down because the NBA is a joke. They ain't playing no defense. All they doing is shooting three and they ain't, they sitting out gang bullshit.


Man. I'm from that era where nobody wasn't sitting out motherfucker we playing each and every motherfucking night. I don't care if my, if a bone broke in my back, I'm planing they ain't doing that no more. Man. The NBA nigga treated like how Walmart treat they people out here. You ain't got no more PTO O in sick days. Your ass outta there. No I'm not working nine to five. I'm telling you I kept PTO in sick days. I shit, I went to work and work and work and and stacked up on my days man. Some people who, who didn't have days and when they missed work they can get paid. They can get paid.


Yeah man the reps, I mean I be, I believe he reps be on prize pick and, and and and fan duals and all the other things. I only play pride stick by the way man. But yeah I be, they be on, I be a referee be be having parlay and shit going on man I'd be in the back looking at looking at who got such and such yard and talking to the receivers and running back. Hey you need this X amount of yard. I'm, it wouldn't surprise me if the refs have time looking at they picks. I'm, I'm just saying who's to say they not while we on here mad and mad atty player need to be mad at these motherfucking reps time up. Who, who gonna win Christmas shopping? Who ain't even started yet Man there's a lot of people who ain't even started Christmas shopping yet man.


You better go and get that woman a gift or get your mama a gift or your kids a gift. Stop bullshitting. I don't even get them people a gift. I know it's a manmade holiday. I get it. You know at the end of the day you gotta know that Christmas is the manmade holiday but I'll celebrate it because my kids celebrate it Damnit whatever they want they gonna get half the time. Nah man I'm at the point now where I'm just trying to teach my kids how to give back man you know God just blessed us so I'm just trying to teach my kids sometime man. It is okay to give back, give to people who going, who gonna have much as you have and I'm giving away a thousand dollars Monday too to a family out there that's in need.


So drop your cash apps, hit my dm, let me know what y'all got going on and don't be lying man. Be be real in your stories man. And this what it's about. It's about giving not just at this time of the year but it's about giving anytime you can And this what it's about for me is giving back. So I'm in a good space in my life right now but y'all talk to me. Drop your dms. Like I say me and my family, I'm giving away a thousand dollars. Me and my kids giving away a thousand dollars to a family that's in need. Drop your cash apps, you'll be receiving that a thousand dollars Monday to whoever you are. You'll be receiving a thousand dollars from Bubble Dub ENTI pray you use it for for for good use.


If you on her lying and saying you need money just to buy drugs and shit. I hope you gonna get high at all. I hope that's the worst high you ever get in your motherfucking life. Real talk and I mean that from the bottom of my heart man. I'm kind of feeling down right now man. My, I'm gonna talk to y'all right quick 'cause we family man story time with me free my homeboy Leon. Man my homeboy just went to jail yesterday man. Free my homeboy Leon man. Christmas time and they came and picked him up and you get sad truth be told. I'm the motherfucker that put in there.


He been talking to me about doing something to himself. He been stealing and shit. He been having warrants, he been hiding out and he lost all kind of weight. Who am I? What kind of friend would I be when I want to help my cousin get back healthy? He gonna get healthy in that motherfucking jail house. They gonna feed him three, four times a day. He could take a bath. God damnit he can watch tv, he could be safe in jail instead on these streets. So yeah I put the laws on his ass. Did I act sad with him? Yep. Oh man we man we were gonna do it up Christmas. I'm capping like a motherfucker, I didn't wanna spend no time with that nigga Christmas nigga hot so I cool.


I'm cooling his ass off right now. The family, my aunt and them, I done told him, hey he in jail he gonna probably be in there a minute but he getting, he getting the proper rest he need. He getting the proper care that he need. His kids don't worry about 'em. I'm gonna give 'em something for Christmas. Don't even worry about that. I'm gonna give him something for Christmas. I'm gonna go holiday mama a little later And mind your business if I'm over a couple of hours damnit working on attorney fees for my fam, I'm getting him out but oh y'all I got that nigga in jail. I be this baby mama. I'm finna make Sweet Lu and that and I ain't gotta worry about him busting through the door or calling disturbing her and getting her her.


We know where going over her mama and I'm no come. It's Christmas time. I got that gin in my state East Texas coming out Me again y'all that juice and gin shit you will make me sing. Come here, come here. Hey keep it short man. That's what it's about. I rather it's about giving back man this, this is this. What I got in this game to do is be able to take care of my family and help other families as well. Bro, when I die I can't take none of this shit with me and I ain't got much. But the look I think I do got, I can't take none of this shit with me when I die.


So while I'm here I'm going to enjoy this shit. That's it. I'm gonna enjoy while I'm here. When I'm gone. Somebody else going to enjoy his shit man. At the end of the day. So if God blesses you and you bless other people man and whether that blessing come back in money or whether time on my life or my kids' life or my cousin's life or my friend's life, however it come back, that's how it's gonna come back in the universe. But when I'm dead gone, all I want is people to know that was a real dude he gave back and he genuinely love the people. That's what I'm on right now and I genuinely love my people to the fact that I put the police on my own cousin, I love him that much. Looking to him, he look like a skeleton.


I'm talking about you could count every bone in his motherfucking body. I can't give him the kind of treatment that he want but the people in the jailhouse can tend to him and give him care that I can't give him. You know what I'm saying? I can't take care of no wrong ass man like that. But them folks in jail will, they'll cook him a meal whether he like it or not. But that it's gonna be cooked. They gonna have dressing Christmas. All the jail have dressing for Christmas. He ain't got no present though. I him some tshirts and shit and toothpaste put money on his books.


I'm friend you need somebody like on your team Real. I see y'all dropping them cash out. For real. Go gamp there three meals a day in there man I see I sitting and Courtney Beach, they arguing online. I don't like that man. Y'all married and arguing online and all. She on there talking like me God damn Carly Beach, it's Morgan Life than me. But you gotta understand where she come from. She was a strip Once again you can't turn these hoes into housewives you got right, you can't. And I love Carter B to death don't you think?


I don't. I love that yellow, Puerto Rican, whatever that motherfucker I love. I'll say I put you in jail behind Carter b I'm not bullshitting you but I'm just saying the fussing and fighting that y'all doing in front of the world. I don't wanna see that shit. I don't wanna hear nothing about that shit. I ain't going to hear nothing about Papoose and Remy. They married that still our people motherfucking business. But Remy were wrong for that shit man. Spending in Christmas with another nigga. You done lost your motherfucking mind. I don't blame Papoose. I done knocked that nigga ass out too. Oh stop putting your business online man. I know sometimes like you women want to be seen. I don't want the world to know we together but then you got the world in your business so every time something happens now they running into you and Bs.


Don't let your left hand know what your right hand doing. Sometimes it's best to keep shit to yourself. Real talk. Sometimes you can have some good news and you won't share it but sometimes you can't even share it because the devil's out there man. They gonna be praying for your downfall man. So sometime it's best to just keep shit to yourself. That's all I'm saying to my people. Just down here in Ace time Austin, I'm gonna be in San Antonio, Texas next weekend 27th through the 29th. Laugh out loud improv, grab them motherfucking tickets. My Mexican friends already hit me. They already pulling up. My Mexican friends say they gonna be here. I say God right. Call me senior.


Do so. If you see me in San Antonio next week with my boots and and belt buckle and hat mind your motherfucking business. Call me. Sit in your door. I'm eating tacos all motherfucking week. I mean tacos all week y'all. I'm not bullshit man. I'm happy y'all. Y'all should be happy too. Shit. God I woke us up this morning. A lot of people didn't wake up this morning man. A lot of people is no longer with us. Some people just watching this show right now. Lost a mother, lost a father. Possibly lost a child. Man I'm praying for you. Prayed for better days. I pray for health, not wealth.


Pray for health not wealth. Cowboy who we who We got this Sunday. Who? The cowboy got this Sunday. Man who we playing? It really don't matter. We gonna win. It don't really matter. I think the Eagles playing somebody. Oh your book. We got the books. Yeah we playing the books. Kel Mayfield. I'm predicting this game right now. Dallas Cowboys 24. The Bronco, the Bucks 23. I got the Cowboys winning 24 23 Sea Lamb will score two touchdowns this game. I got the Dallas Cowboys winning 24 to 23. I think the Eagles playing the commanders I think if I ain't mistaken I got the Eagles winning that game as well. I look for Shaquan Barkley to have around 175 yard rushing that game.


I think he's going to end up breaking the NFL Russian record set by Eric Dickerson. Yeah that's what I got. But I got the Cowboys winning. I just feel like, man we ain't been shit all season. You know we know the Eagles been good. We know watched them been good but I feel like the Cowboys man we we ain't really been shit all year bro. We been up and down and then we lost and lost and lost and we lost our way. Right now Mike McCoy is coaching better than he ever coached. And I know y'all saying we don't need to be winning. We need draft pitch. Fuck the draft pitch. We ain't no draft pick team. We the cowboy, we America's team damnit. We gonna fight to the motherfucking end.


That's what we do. We fight, we gonna lay down, we fight, we get it. And that's the way you got to be living your life. Go and getting it fighting. Ain't no giving up one person fire you. You go get you another job and you keep going. You gonna let that shit stop you. The girl cheating on you. Go get you another, your man cheating on you going get you another one. But don't you let nobody stop you gonna let you let nobody tell you what you can and what you can't do. You can do anything. You put your mind, you can do anything. You put your mind to y'all anything.


I don't give a damn what it is you can do. It might be difficult. Might be hard. Who said it? What? Who said lies was supposed to be easy? Stop giving up on yourself man. You don't think you look good enough legs. You, you know what I'm saying? You overweight here. Okay you overweight. Okay let's do something about it. You wanna go walk, you wanna join the gym? God damnit it's all kind of weight. You some powder. You on your own with that but God damnit you can lose some weight. And you men, you think you all of that judging your girl, look at you. You ain't the same as you used to be. Babe. I remember when you used to be fine and all this and that.


Well nigga, she could say the same about you. Stop criticizing your women man. You're pushing your women off to other guys and other women. That's how you women be coming with these stu because they ain't got no confidence 'cause you're talking about them. You know what I'm talking about? Start building your woman up man. Start telling her that you love her. Start telling that she grateful man, even though she might not be, but you got to tell her that. You got to have that in her motherfucking mind. She the one and ladies start treating your man like that. Yeah, he ain't the same as when you first met him, but god damn, that's your problem. That's your problem.


As We gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom video breaking the tackle touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chabacasino.com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary Board web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today. That's what we own today man.


Shout to my people in Cleveland. The Cavalier is the only thing y'all got going on up there. The Browns is through the Browns is fucking through NBH. I took a thunder too. I got show them young men some love up there in OKC. They doing what they supposed to do. Can you, can you, can you get to the finals? Dallas got there with Lu Lee last year. Can you can the thunder they young score. Can y'all get to the motherfucking final Ka ka hard And remember young team, can y'all get to the final Shea? That's the thing. Can you get the, can you finish? It remains to be seen. It remains to be seen but the West is wide open. I just can't sit up there and say Denver going go.


I can't sit up there and say Dallas gonna go. I mean you. We dunno. We dunno right now. But I can't wait to see and watch. I'm ready for this weekend. Some games coming up this weekend. That's one thing I love about when it get close down to Christmas. Man it be games on weekends, on Saturdays. And I know y'all, y'all been hitting me up asking me what I think about Travis Hunger and his girlfriend. I've been sitting back 'cause I rock with the homie man. He real good people and I, I try to stay outta people business but she giving me too many motherfucking red flags for me. Yeah, Travis Hunger girlfriend is giving me too many red flags but that's his problem. It ain't my motherfucking problem man.


I'm, I ain't got to tell him. People already telling him he know God damnit if he like it, I love it now it seem like he wanna learn the hard way then Damnit we gonna let him learn the hard way. I hope nothing ever happened. I hope they get married, have great kids, whatever but the, the flags is down. God damnit. You need instant replay. Well this what the internet for is it's the replay and it can show you all motherfucker. I know she fine. I know she fine. I get all that. There's a whole other other fine motherfucker motherfuckers. I'm too. They ain't gonna be sitting there do I got see her all day. They gonna sit God with they mouth closed. Simon says with these ho much mother in power bitch I say h I mean hush.


Think about these black women. Y'all can say what y'all want. You tell that motherfucker shut your mouth. She gonna be quiet. She gonna know her. She gonna, she gonna play her motherfucking role but when you get in that motherfucking car she gonna turn your ass up. And that's understood. But when we in public bitch you gonna mind And now when we get in the car you can kick my ass do whatever you wanna. But when I'm out here in front of these people bitch you better be on your best motherfucking where Hey feel bitch I got you shy and like me Huh? Bitch I took you out the hood. Look where you at now. God damn right. Your friends didn't think you were going do.


Didn't think you were going ever on mouth of shit life. I changed that You were washing dish, washing powder. I changed that bitch we got done Now ain't no more got done washing dish washing powder no more. Hell no. We got done soap. The blue one no more. Used to be on they ivory. We ain't on ivory no more. We on Old Spice. You got Chana perfume now. Gucci perfume now Burberry perfume now I got got you after Brittany Spear shit.


Got you onto that Creed. Now it's the upgrade for me. It's the motherfuck upgrade for me. I had regular charger teeth now I got SCA teeth. God damnit. It's the upgrade for me. It ain't where you was people. It's where you're at. And if y'all don't riding for me, I'm riding for y'all. We the ones tour coming up February 1st. Y'all better grab or motherfucking kick us and come see you boy. Because I'm willing an opening act like I am the act. Do you understand what I just told y'all?


I'm wanting to open next for long. I be headlining this motherfucking tour. That's the mind frame. I got real talk. So I'm wanting to open the acts. So if y'all buying a ticket to come see me get there early, later on throughout the tour, I start going little further on down because I'm not bullshitting on this motherfucking tour. All that French I'm coming to kill. Every time I get on that stage, I'm coming to kill and I want y'all to know that I'm leaving everything I got on that motherfucker on stage. Any stage I get on I I leave it all there. I don't bullshit. I take my job very seriously. I love getting on this podcast and talking to y'all and love me y'all. But if you really wanna see a show, you better grab 'em tickets and come see me.


Go to bubba dubt.com and check on see where I'm at. If I gotta show and I'm close to you. Damnit, you better be there. Damn you ain. Show where I got that motherfucker. I could be sold out because I'm for the people I ain't fake and I'm shaking hands and taking pictures for free. Never charge for that. I ain't gonna sit there to the last person. I don't give a damn the person in the wheelchair. I'll jump down there and take a picture with you because that's just who I am. If you're watching this show, your show being presented by pics, scan that code right there and type in trash with the two Hs. You put $5 in, they give you 50.


You could, yeah Right. Not a day you could put $10 in and potentially win $1,500. You can't do that. No. Them other apps cool. But prize picks and if you can't watch my show and you ain't working, you only can listen. Go over Apple Podcasts. Yeah, go download me on Apple podcast and Spotify man. Real talk. Download that. Listen to your boy. Don't just go over there, download it. Let's get these downloads up. Let's get these likes up. Let's get the chat up man. I gotta over 400 something thousand subscribers. I got 800 people on here trash. That's to do better than that because I'm giving y'all pure entertainment over in. You having fun when you come over here and I'm giving back like I just gave away some jerseys last week.


Y'all jerseys is on the way matter of fact and I'm gonna be giving away some more. So make sure you got your cash apps in the dm. Me and my team gonna go through, we gonna find somebody. You can DM me on my ig at Bubble Dub 94, your story and what you got going on. But I really want give your thousand dollars away to a family that really need it. Not nobody who want it but who really needs the thousand dollars on legacy. And gentlemen, let's not be selfish man just because it's a thousand dollars and you want it. Nah, it don't go that way. We wanna get this to somebody who really need it. We wanna get this to a family that that maybe ain't got no food, that maybe need help with a light bill or maybe a Cardinal or kids need something for Christmas or whatever it is. Like these are the people that I want to help and touch and I'm on the right path for doing that.


I know a lot of times we got donations, we got things we like to donate our money to, but I'm the one of the ones I like to go door to door in person, knock on the door and see how a person living and and help 'em that way. Like that's what I'm on. Thank for all my friends and family and that's been watching this show and helping this show grow and sharing it for me. I I appreciate it from the bottom of my heart but I'm not done. I got a lot of work to do. I'm gonna be bringing some more guests on here soon. But you know me, I'm I I work alone y'all. I you know people tell you one thing then they do another and I ain't one of them that's gonna be begging nobody to do this and that. They just not who I am.


Damn it. I do this show my motherfucking self and I love doing it by myself but I know y'all be wanting to seeing other people that I associate with it on this show and I'm gonna bring 'em on. But right now I'm working. Like I said, I got this big tour coming up. Me and Phil got some TV shows and movies we Finn start working on as well. And so I'm working and if I'm working y'all need to be working too. We ain't worried about what the next man doing. We only worry about what we doing. We ain't that Missy shit. We ain't in that drama shit. Sometimes it's best to stay our people business. Yeah, your homeboy got beefing with that dude. Go there but let them beef. You know, let them be, if you keep doing what you doing, taking care of your family, keep your head on the right.


Right, right. Swivel man. Real talk. That's what we doing. Thank y'all for tuning into The Bubba Dub Show Trash of the day. Going to the motherfucking riffs that officiated their charges in the Bronco gas last night. Trash them damn reps got parlays on these damn gang too. Half time them niggas going down there and checking they stats. I'm sick of it and it don't make no motherfucking sense to me. We already know the gang rigg but God, you going, you going, you gonna do it in front of us too. You gonna do it in front of us too? Don't make no sense. But thank y'all for tuning into the Bubble Dove Show. Peace of love. I see y'all tomorrow.


The Volume As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC. I Cmba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored.


Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Btw group. No purchase necessary. Board web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. Boost Your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros used to dominate the market signals helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds.


Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.