
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour? The boots the turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom Video breaking the Tackle touchdown This week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


How crispy are the new deli X crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli x crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


The volume? Yeah. What we doing? What we doing? Hit the light button. I am in the holiday spirit. I'm in the Christmas spirit drinking fireball and egg. No paper been a long motherfucking year. Get subscriber before I even get started tonight. Man. I'm, I'm feeling real jolly. I'm feeling real motherfucking jolly tonight.


Got my Laker girl home because we gonna kick the last tomorrow. We already lost to Detroit. We kicking ass tomorrow. I want that motherfucker Steph Curry set tomorrow. That's what I want. I want that motherfucker face red. I want bru. I want you to shoot the three from the logo tomorrow. That's what I want tomorrow. Christmas. NBA ain't a, you can't miss nothing but gifts tomorrow. Have to do a little last minute Christmas shopping today.


Y'all. You know I, you know I, you know do lu the kids man. I had, I love a kid but I have to, I have to break some news to my nephew today. I had to really just sit my nephew down and let him know nigga sound ain't real. All this. I wanna stay up late. You not staying up late. Isaac, you taking your badass to bed now Unc, I'm gonna stay up late and on sound and I'm gonna leave some cookies. Motherfucker, why you some cookies when I'm starving? What about you selfish little motherfucker in not early. I don't like it.


I'm gonna leave Sarah some cooking when UNC over here starving. Hell no. Number two, you got roaches. You not leaving no mother crumbs out. Everybody know when the lights go out, them roaches got damnit. They get to going work when you cut the lights on. They ska. So now nephew, we not waiting around for no f fagg and make believe ass sound not real now. Yeah, he coming down the chin. What's coming through the motherfucking hood calls got a brand to protect. He not coming to no damn hood now.


My sister and mama mad. Why would you tell him that? Mama, you fucked up my childhood. I be knowing sound wasn't real. Why can't I mess up my nephew? Childhood. What make your childhood better than my childhood? I wanna know I have to call my damn therapist or my mama near telling me I'm wrong for telling him se wasn't real. But when he was growing up we knew se wasn't real. We knew we we, we knew we, we didn't even have a Christmas tree during Christmas. We had a damn plant. It's okay for them but it ain't okay for me. What about my childhood? I wanted to open gifts like the rest of the kids did.


But all I had to do was sit back and watch my cousin them open gifts. How you think that made me feel? Everybody opening gifts. Everybody got a smile on they face. Except for dude, I don't build like a motherfucker. I hate it sound though. My sound will go to everybody else house except my house. Mama told me don't worry about it. He, he come around taxis that lie. She told me I'll leave motherfucking you with her bad hip ass. I love your mama but your hip bad motherfucker had me believing in something that wasn't real. So I want to let my nephew know early sound. I ain't coming.


No. And what and what gifts you got under that tree? I put them now I finna give all that credit to no fat white ass white man. Never wanna know the truth nigga. I'm sound could you imagine sound really coming to the hood. Me and niggas were still the reins, the slaves and everything else. The year they had to believe in sound were real sick. I didn't get no motherfucking At my house. I'm getting all motherfucking then my baby mama done called me too.


Don't plan on coming to see these kid. You ain't been coming to see him be. I wasn't coming over there no goddamn way. You did me a favor because she did. I ain't gonna lie. I wasn't go over there and get the kid take a picture with fucker gram show out. Act like I've been in my kids life all year knowing I ain't Y'all know that though. Why I'm put my shit public. I was gonna show how tomorrow shit I was gonna show up, take pictures and with my kid like I'm the best dad in the world and I ain't done a damn thing. That what Doug was gonna do. But she done put a stop to that shit though. Got me thinking she don't want me to come over because she got her new nigga. See my baby mama gonna have 75 niggas around my kids this year.


They don't even, they don't know who could call daddy no damn mo. I'm the bad one though. She tell everybody I'm the dead beat. At least I come around from time to time and see 'em, help 'em with their homework. Talk to 'em, make sure ain't no niggas trying to touch 'em and all that. I said I do all that. I'm a concerned parent might be broke but I'm a concerned parent Christmas time when everybody want to get together. You got people calling texting me do you plan on getting me something? Hell no I ain't got you done in 360 4 days.


What make you think I'm gonna get you something on this holiday? Never. Some of you been too bad. Some of you been too goddamn bad to get anything for cri. You gonna need shit. I'm starting to figure some shit out around holiday. Niggas niggas ain't who they say they are My weed man text me a fam I'm gonna be cold Christmas like hell When Fathers day sudden you no nigga you open weak as we man talking about stay closed on Cripp.


No you not nigga you, you gonna on too. I I'm now you now you wanna go and be with your family nigga. I am your family nigga. You know how much money you gonna make off me this year. I kept your ass outta jail nigga you could tell me I better get what I'm getting today because you closed shit nigga. You old. You 24. Y'all acting brand new. I gonna give a damn you ho running around here.


I gotta get my hair done. I gotta get my outfit and pussy steal trash. That big motherfucker steal trash and you know it. I gonna give a damn about you dressing it up, putting new thongs on new new bras. Don't give a damn how you dress it up. That motherfucker still ain't worth a damn running down there getting BBL. You be getting that cat fixed. That's what you can do. Go down there, lay out on that operation table and get the cat fixed. Hold 23, 24 years old getting a hysterectomy. Do you help me motherfuckers 2324 getting instrument arrested.


Shit coach you got too many miles on. Got more miles than a goddamn a farm truck f150. How y'all feeling today at night before cri some of you tired to work. You tired Your resting now your girl in there cooking or your mama cooking. Your grandma cooking. You kind of put the bikes together. You can't really read you to put all this sitter, God damnit all that. You women got a good man done worked all your, the man gotta be sitting back on the counter resting his feet. You ought be massaging him when the kids go to sleep. God damnit you ought have your mind on that meat. I'm tired bitch.


Get out. I done gave you a lie for luxury now bitch you were eating Popeye biscuits now you eating Texas Roadhouse Road. I upgrade at you cinnamon buck. Hell you talk my you tired. Shit gonna be even more tired when I get through. I done pop a pill at night bitch I feel like I'm a bald eagle. I feel like I'm a bald eagle right now. I done pop a pill. I told, I told my whole make sure your kid go pee early.


If I heard any goddamn squeaking no styles, they getting they ass beat. I'm coming off coming in like a deep in the night like mys coming through with my D in my hand be cool but I ain't mystical, I ain't taking nothing. It's fucking all them 30, $40 I give you all you that shit as up this when you hear that knock at the door God and say come in, I'm coming in tiptoeing like God when I'm tipping through your high through time. Yeah. Yeah. Check your cash ass. Yeah. 68. Yeah I'm him. I'm him Christmas.


How y'all feeling man? I'm tiptoeing y'all my grandma lost her motherfucking taste buds. Everything she cooked nasty family sitting around. I don't say that. You hurt her feelings. Hurt her feelings. She sensitive. This bitch told me I was a ugly baby but my grandma sissy Asha. I say she can't cook never. She gonna get this goddamn abuse. Lord my granular death. But she gonna get this goddamn abuse. See a hearing bad. She got them hearing aids so I get raised up on in her ear.


Bitch you can't cook what? Damn. Oh you wrong nigga. I'm right wrong. Some of y'all y'all don't know when to tell people the truth. Tell them the truth. The truth will set your ass free. I don't want my grandma in the kitchen. No god mo. But the hell we keep coming over here damn way. Smelling like mouth balls. The messed up my creed cologne I got on. I'm going to see a little old dog after this little old get together. But they ain't gonna wanna be around me because I smell like my balls. I hate people who smoke cigarettes too. I got my good four, 500 cologne. I'm smelling good here.


Y'all come with these motherfucking new ports nigga smoke outside new fucking up to sitting here nigga. I'm smelling great, feeling great. Got my my teeth done too. I'm feeling good about myself again. And here you come with this nasty ass Newport. I don't wanna smell that shit. If anything I'm gonna smell like I'm gonna smell like fresh cat Creed and god damn this ain't trash weed. That's what I'm gonna smell like criminal now I wanna hear all that with my family. Bitch you better leave. I left this goddamn train leave. You wanna be on the train when I come through.


Goddamn. You better be out there waiting. You better be out there waiting on going down night. Some of you women getting as folded up like long tonight. Shit. Some of y'all women gonna get up. See Kma time bring everybody together. Especially a woman. They love Christmas. They they watching Home alone. They in the kitchen cooking. They got their TikTok recipe. They doing what they supposed to do. The fellas, I'm telling you this the time of the year. What you got to be up under your girl man I'm telling you this on letting them know them know that. Letting her know that salty pussy yours that one. So you know what I'm saying. The pussy never really ours.


We renting it. Let's be real. The vagina never really our, we renting it but while I'm renting it motherfucker, I'm gonna have fun with this big juicy, salty motherfucker. Some of 'em big, juicy, salty like a of milk. Come on, come on. Some of y'all gotta go work tomorrow. I hate that for y'all. But go in there and get that double pay. Go in there and get that holiday pay and and go in there, get them people them eight hours and come on in with your family and and and and then don't be mad and build at work only and do your time and come on back to the crib and celebrate. That's all you can do now. Not for the one like us. Who ain't gotta worry about going in nothing.


Hey we, we gonna look out for you. We gonna wait before we eat. We gonna wait till you get home to, you know what I'm saying? To say Grace owe the food. We gonna wait on you man. We ain't gonna do y'all like that. We ain't selfish like that. No we're gonna wait. So you gone get five, six in the morning, gone do eight hours get on back. We gonna be right there waiting on Bam. You know what I'm saying because that's what family do. We gotta be there for one another when times get hard. I don't give a damn hot times. Get hard for your people. You always gotta be there for your folks. Always. I always gotta be up for your folks through thick and thin baby. Even though sometimes they might not be there for you. You just keep doing what you supposed to be doing.


That's how you'll get your blessing. Real talk. That's how you going to get your blessing. But it's like I say Ravens playing tomorrow. You know the Ravens who they playing the Texas tomorrow? Man. He got Lamar going against CJ str. You know he CJ Straus still probably crying right now behind his best friend Dale injury. But fam I get it. But you gotta get over that shit dog. You got a game in the play. Injuries happen. Motherfucking injuries happen. I had an injury the other night when I'm having sex. Damn duh. How you have injury having sex? I called a God horse while I was having six. That shit hurt like a motherfucker. I was one, I had one of them position I was on that.


I'm going down just two inch. Monster ain't bullshit. It was, gee it was ringing that side too and I was doing what I was supposed to be doing. All of a sudden my god feet locked up on me. And that's, that's when she start, start trying to, trying to bounce that ass like that shit baby slow down. She kept bouncing that mother you love. S good ain't it? No bitch get up me go get me a heating pad in the a goddamn off. I'm about to die and bring some salt. What's the worst thing you could ever catch is a Charlie horse while you having sex?


Boy that shit hurt. That's how I know I'm getting old boy. I ain't lying. I ain't ain't like I used to. I used to talk all that shit. I'm gonna beat this motherfucker up while I'm in that motherfucker. 45 strokes. I'm letting loose Uhuh. I know you lying. I know you lying. I'm outta, I can't believe you can't quit. I just can't believe baby, if you put a hot dog in the microwave for certain amount of time, it's gonna bust over. That's me. It's gonna bust over all this corn chili you got between your leg. This Oscar mile. Can't stand a can't stand a chance.


Oh yeah. I'm a premature. I got a premature ejaculation problem. I spit real quick when I ain't got that pill in me when I got that, when I got that pill, shit boy I'm Superman. More pills, not more per 30. Now I feel I can jump through this mother. I feel like I can jump like I can fly. I'm on. I'm on they pill. I'm bad. I fight every nigga in the city but I'm on them thirties when I ain't on no motherfucking thirties. I don't remember nothing. I said I don't talk like that. I'm a child of God. And if I ever did anything to disrespect you sir ma'am, I'm sorry but the minute I get back on them thirties, I'm a monster again y'all.


I'm a monster.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Hello, It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli me Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom video breaking The tackle Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


I'm just saying if I'm on that pill like that or on that drink, hey I'm a different dub. I ain't dub, I'm an dumpster but when I'm sober man I, I wouldn't dare talk like that man. Y'all gotta show me video because that ain't me that my mama didn't raise me like that dog. And me looking at the tape, I I'm sorry y'all, I don't, I don't even know who that person is. I really don't. I really don't know who that person is. But one thing that bothers me when I'm on my way to a chick house, she texted me. You got a condom that me up. Who? Who does that? Who stop time be I'm gonna enjoy myself.


I more feel it. I more feel it one time man. Ladies don't do that. And ladies, another thing I want y'all to stop doing. Stop texting us, telling us hey we need to talk when you get home. I ain't been home in two weeks. Do you hear me? I ain't been home in two motherfucking weeks because I know some shit up fella. When you know some shit up at the high. Don't go home. Stay gone. Long as you god damn can aint gone. You can't and don't admit the shit Igon give a goddamn damn They got proof. Don't admit the shit. My girl went through my phone. Who? All these messages bitch this ai, them AI messages them ain't got nothing to do with me.


Do you hear me? AI messages real talk and I ain't gonna be able to do it letting you know what God love


night watching this show then you know it being presented by prospect going download no more sports fan app right now. Scan that code right there. Scan that code right there man. First time usual. Put the $5 in, you're gonna get 50 real talk but you could put more than that. You could put 10 50 on my pick right there. Now you 9% off kitchen don get it. 9% off your kitchen. Go and get it on prize. Pick baby on prize pick. You can't lose the only way you lose. You ain't playing real talking if you can't watch this show because I heard somebody where I go say man I ain't gonna be able to watch it. Don be to listen to it. Well God damnit, go to Apple podcast and Spotify download.


I ought to be leading the Spotify down. You ought think I'm a rapper the way y'all had many downloads right now coming to y'all before the night before Christmas. God giving y'all my time and energy and love. Of course y know you need it. Some of you been down and out because you ain't being able to get the gifts for the people that you want to give them. But God done already gave you a gift. You alive smile baby you alive, you a smile. But you ain't got today, you ain't gotta worry about having it tomorrow. That's what the Bible say. Huh? The last shall be first and the first shall be last. I'm like the low Gucci. Yeah some of y'all Back in the day y'all was slam dunking on me.


360 on me. Now that some of y'all doing the slam dunking and now those same people that you were dunking on, they they mad now you was dunking and everything. Shooting three, getting all the money, doing all that. But when we shooting three from court like it's a problem niggas, y'all gotta be careful when you up and how you treat people. I seen a lot of niggas up treat people like shit. And when you fall out, same people you treated like shit right there. So be careful how you treat people. I treat everybody the same. I'm gonna give a damn if it's a waitress, I treat everybody the same baby.


Hey because you never know when you going fall. So you better be careful how you treat people. Try to treat people everybody with love and respect. Some people you just can't rock. We at that school but that don't mean treat 'em bad. That means just stay your ass off from them. See I'm round them. Some of you niggas have problem with hoes. Ho is your downfall. You got to get rid of the whole fa find you a good wholesome woman. A good church going woman or a woman that just know how to do right. Don't know how to do wrong. Some of us mean we get good women and we run over them and that's okay. You supposed to run over they motherfucking ass.


Yeah. Gotta make sure they be tough. That's okay. You get a good woman, you run over God. Damnit wrong. See how much, see how long can she last? Like key sweat make it last forever. Never don't make mistakes. I made. Yeah love hurt. Love ain't supposed to motherfucking hurt buddy. Boom. Do you hear me? I say time. Time and the time. Yeah My girl was out there cheating on me. I didn't know I was blinded. I didn't know what was going on. I had to find out for my motherfucking self when I found out y'all it hurt. I didn't leave her 'cause I ain't have nowhere to go. It hurt. I'm talking about it hurt nigga.


I'm crying each and every day. My heart falling out man. Losing in weight. Got down to my birth weight. Do you hear me? God I got down to Inc. Baker Incubator style. Everything about taking me into the hospital for treatment. That's how much motherfucking weight I, that girl had so much power over me. But I had a praying mother and a praying aunt. They prayed and prayed and got their hoax about me. I'm back now. I'm ready for the motherfucking world now. Oh yeah. I'm ready for the world now. Some of y'all ready for the world now. Just be patient. Your time going to come to ball.


I feel like everybody in this world gonna have a time to ball. If your time ain't came yet, just stand in line. It's going eventually come. Don't you keep doing right by people. Ain't on no sucker shit. And I promise you good things gonna happen to you more than often. Just keep your nigga with y'all at night on Christmas Eve baby at Christmas time. I'm, I'm feeling good. Everybody got their Christmas gift from me everybody good. Guess what all they doing now sitting around waiting on me to text. You know what that text is. I'm on the way and when I get that whole, I want you to get nice then.


Oh yeah, I want you to get down and dirty. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. If I done made your goddamn cal she go off. You better get down nasty for the bubble tonight. I don't wanna hear no motherfucking talking when I come through the door. I don't wanna hear no bad kid. I don't wanna even hear the goddamn roaches. I don't wanna hear nothing but goddamn clothes going off and you doing what you supposed to do. Make me feel good. Make me feel good. Love me. Long time I had this Asian chick I knocked the, I knocked the duck sauce off of a motherfucking ass.


I ain't loud knocking the duck sauce off that Asian and host charged me full price at her restaurant though. But she let me go down through on that cat. I'm not bullshitting you. I had to get rid of her though because, because my neighbor had cats and she was just intrigued with my neighbor cat. You not my neighbor. Cats the same shit. Trump was talking about you mother them cats you got January 9th, you Eagles got to go. I can't motherfucking wait. I'm not bullshit. You get you Asian. Why knock duck sauce off that motherfucker?


I like Asian 'cause they're gonna take that much meat to make moan make and everybody in the world. No dub ain't got no meat. But when I'm look Asian she think I'm 12 inches. I'm pounding. I got it in her chest. See it again. You know what she really saying? Black man I thought you had bigger than me is small but to me it sound like she's saying you big and you dig. Oh yeah we go moment first. We in Minneapolis tickets go to Bubble Tcom and you can see where I'm at this weekend.


I'm in San Antonio, Texas. Baby Yale at the Laugh Out Loud five show here two Friday, two Saturday, one Sunday grab them tickets for your boy. If you know anybody down there in San Antonio Austin Hce time and you looking for a show, God damnit come down nigga Ain't time. What? What th gonna give you? I'm gonna give you what you want. Believe that tomorrow eat say Grace, have a good time and don't forget all the games, all the football games on. It's two games tomorrow. Back to bad then you got the NBA. Yeah you got yeah rest down right now wearing Louis Vuitton sandal. God they say it ain't snowing in New York. They ain't snowing them rats wearing Louis Vuitton sandal down there right now in Louis Vuitton Bulletproof vest.


You can't them New York rats. Them motherfuckers brilliant. Who you think Jerry Sein show them damn Rats be knowing what's going on and Trump letting you know Trump ain't running this shit no more. Shit. Big Musk. If you ask me Elon Musk got 13 motherfucking kids. Do you hear me? Elon Musk got 13 motherfucking kid. If you don't think Elon Musk slept with one of them goddamn robots, you a damn Elon make it love one motherfucker. Build them. He can build whatever you can. You can build a woman how you want that kind of motherfucking money. Ooh I would bill me a robot.


I want that bitch B to smell like JLo. I'm talking about the Celine JLo come God damnit, come here. I want a motherfucker half ass like S William come here. I want one half eye like station. Damn. But I can build a motherfucker boy. I be making look that robot every motherfucker I'll fight a nigga over that robot. I never leave that robot unattended. I go to work that motherfucker robot to be in the car. He know me. I go out there and have lunch with that robot. Shit it take the job of life to get me off that robot night when I'm putting it on. Shit.


Jamal, I'm not bullshit you. Hey me that robot, we got a left thing. We got a left thing. Hey man man I'm enjoying myself. Hopefully I enjoying y'all self tonight man. This is what we do man. We come together, we laugh, we cry. You know a lot of our ancestors died man. They put it on the line for us to to for equal, you know for equal rights. And you know us as black people man. You know we, I I our history man. You know we, we had it rough but we ain't gonna cry about it. We gonna keep moving on. We can't hold nothing against these white people right now because they gonna, they ain't have nothing to do with this.


Them old timey mother and some of them didn't know no better. They only grew up what they know. So you can't grow up hating white people hating this color people. It's okay, we gonna make this shit better. Like my friend Steve right now, he feel so bad about what happened to us black folks. I say Steve, that ain't got nothing to do with you bro, that were your forefathers. But I understand you upset and mad and all but I tell you what something you can do to fix it. What can I do? Talk to me, what can't I do to to least help motherfucker Look here. You work at the bank right? Yes I do. You a long officer right? Yes sir. Man gimme 1.5 million. I need you to gimme 1.5 man. I'm trying to buy this goddamn gimme 1.5 million.


God man you know what I'm gonna work on goddamnit get the work Steve because God if this 1.5 million don't come through next month, I'm guaranteed to tell Sarah your ass been looking at black. I tell her you be looking at them black women. God. I tell her how black shit got you Steve. I want that one 5 million. Y'all gonna know when I get it. Y'all gonna, when I get that motherfucker 1.5 nigga do buying Cadillacs mo jewelry. Not me. I ain't buying shit. Buying land and bulls. What you niggas book store doing? Buying some land so they can kick your ass out off nowhere, buy you some motherfucking land, buy you two or three goddamn cows or whatever and God gone buy your away and keep your mind closed.


What the hell I'm doing And wait till tomorrow I'm ready to eat. Definitely not eating at my grandma high. That's for damn. So I went to KFC early, got a Buckley chicken, got an eye by just in case the food nasty. The usual I can go on in one that goddamn KFC chicken. I'm not gonna be the only one down. My grandma have looking ugly and hungry. Doug got something to eat in the car. I got something to eat in the car and I'm gonna enjoy my motherfucking self and I want y'all to enjoy Y self too. I really do. Gotta enjoy yourself. Hell no. I say me today. Somebody ask me will I be eating at my grandma house this year.


Hell no. I'm not eating that shit. I told my mama that y'all better cook and bring the food over because if she doing the cooking, hey I I'm not eating that shit dog and y'all, y'all I'm grown now. God I'm grown mama. You can't make me eat that shit. I'm a grown motherfucking man and I'm glad I'm grown now. I been mean to tell my whole motherfucking family something. Y'all can kiss my ass every time something pop up y'all wanna call me to pay for it. I be damn you nigga better go in y'all pensions. That's that old word. They pension. Y'all nigga better go in y'all pensions the one for money. Stop calling me asking me for money bitch. I got kids, two girls, they need all the my money.


They gonna get it when I'm dead and gone. They gonna get all my money. Y'all not getting shit from me. This money for my girls. I'm snatching it up for my girls so they won't have to ask no bullshit ass nickel for nothing in life. Real talk say grandma got her and real shit. For real talk man. I'm be hating on my Lakers man. I'm be hating on my Lakers man. That's one thing I am loyal to is the Lakers. You know I love them. That Bronte James Jersey, you know what I'm talking about is bugging, bugging la make 50 million out bro in Jersey sales.


Say what you want about that motherfucker. He money maker. And that's what this game about. It's about making money. It's entertainment man. It ain't about your game no more. It's about your change. That's what it's about. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight, man. On Christmas Eve with you. Boy, I just want to check in, make sure y'all good side BI love you. Merry Christmas. Your people, your jerseys will be there real soon, I promise you that. Keep doing what you doing. Keep pushing. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas to each and everybody that's watching this show, share this show y'all. Share this episode with your friends and family. Continue to let 'em know about me. Make sure you can hit the like button if it's all that. Especially you can hit the light button like real talk.


That's, that's the last thing you can do if you watch something. If I can made you laugh, at least you could do is at the light but not need it for the algorithm so I can start being recommended because the world need to see this kind of shit. They ain't getting this shit on ESP or nowhere else man. Don, don't y'all want dub on the big screen man. A real nigga fight y'all who come from the mud. Don't y'all want me on the B screen? Well help me out man. We'll talk peace. God bless him out The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, SRO CELs, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chu of casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk Fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with realtime notifications, kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.