
Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal wind chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey everyone, it's Ted from Consumer Cellular, the guy in the orange sweater, and this is your wake up call. If you're paying too much for wireless service, you don't have to keep having that nightmare. Consumer Cellular has the same fast, reliable coverage as the leading carriers for up to half the cost. So why keep spending more than you have to? Seriously wake up and call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com Savings based on cost of consumer cellular single line one, five and 10 gig data plans with a limited talk and text compared to lowest cost. Single line postpaid and limited talk text and data plans offered by T-Mobile and Verizon January, 2024.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John, Miko, Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions. apply


The volume. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. Yeah, NFL Done kicked Offseason y'all come on, gather this. How you come on y'all gather on in here right now. Gather on in. Hit the like button. You already done hit the like button. You already sitting down. You already where you need to be. Don't grab your popcorn. Whatever you like. Have a seat. Hit the subscribe button And.


if you a first time user, hit the subscribe button right now. Right now I need y'all to come on in. I'm on. Come on in because I need to talk to y'all. I need to talk to y'all today. Come on in before we even get to the Chiefs and the raising before we even get to it once again. You negro still out here ing deaths. Yeah. Y'all ing deaths out here now. You mean to tell me Rich died. Y'all already know how he died. Stop it. Y'all ain't the forensic people.


Once again, y'all breaking the news before the family break the news man. Dude od how you know? How you know that man overdose? Were you there? Did you give, did you give him one? Was you there? I don't think he was. I don't think he was. Every time somebody died it's our own people man. Fam od fam been on that stuff man. I'm telling you man. That's why he fell off and nah been shook up. Let the mother family grieve. Let him grieve man had what?


Three, four kids out know me, let his family let his mama let his, let him gr the girl on the 9 1 1 call. Y'all saying she ain't crying enough. How you, how you gonna tell somebody how to react to something girl on the nine one one call talking about her boyfriend not breathing y'all she ain't, she ain't call That girl might have been in shock. How many times you think that girl probably gonna call Rich homie Corn passed out? We don't know. Oh man she has something to do. Stop it. People always got something to do with something but you ain't never got nothing to do do for something.


You ain't never out here in the community helping or helping the people that need help. You ain't doing nothing 'cause you wouldn't need the mother nail become a helper. You wanna talk about growth, become a helper. Let that man rest in peace man. Man ain't been gone 24 hours. I know he gone to heaven. How you know you ain't got no heaven to hell put nobody. How you know when people die where they going? Stop it sound like my aint my cousin committed more felonies than Donald Trump and harm more people than John got it.


But when he passed away all of a sudden he went to heaven. Never bam ass went the hell. And that's what I told her too. I ain't holding nothing back. I'm gonna speak my mind now let's get to what we came here to do. Sports. Sorry about that. Y'all just had to get that off my chest. I had to get that off my mother chest. Raven Chiefs last night man W gang chiefs 1 27 20. It was a good game. But let me say this, the referees blew that game last night for me. They got legal formation trash.


The NFL need to get rid of it. Right mother. Now time I look around illegal come on now. I think the Ravens had two in a row. If I'm a head coach the next time my office come over there to the sideline, I'm bringing that iPad. Come here big boy you big pork chop bean juice. Come here. Gimme that's how you line up and I draw it up Right, right on the iPad too. I That's how it look just like that. Know your plays boy. Yes sir. Why in the hell you ain't running them?


Y'all know the in NFL changed them rules illegal formation. I don't, I don't like it. I don't like it one bit. I tell you another dang thing I don't like either that damn NFL kick out trash. I ain't gonna never be no run backs with that mess. Then they getting the ball on the third yard line ain't got but seven goal they quarterback throw 70 yard ain't ball. Now I'm gonna break the game down the way it need to be broken down for in the simplest form for y'all this year. Lamar Jackson looked like Michael Jackson at times.


Y'all know where I'm going with this. Lamar Jackson looked like Michael Jackson at time. Yeah because he was getting off last night for a little bit. He was getting off. I'm gonna get to miss out. He was getting off. He was throwing that ball. He had what 273 yard passing. Lamar Jackson had 122 yard run. He was getting off. But it's all about what's right here. When the motherfucking game was on the line you couldn't hit your target. Boy I been going back. You couldn't hit your mother. The target they told me Lamar Jackson couldn't play in the big games. I'm starting to see you.


Heck man, while I open the end zone fam you threw that motherfucker to the nacho lady. What you doing? And I'm gonna say it again. Lamar Jackson had a a player in the end zone open last night and he threw it to the mother nacho lady. Lemme tell you something ladies and gentlemen. Lamar Jackson is worth every mother fucking dime. He negotiated for himself. That's the god honest truth. But you gonna come through in the clutch. You gonna come through when my team needs you the most.


You electric, you you excited, you do all these great things. 1, 2, 3 first and second and third quarter, fourth quarter when it matter the most. When that clock ends zero we always end up fucking losing. I got let you go won't you talking about I got the leg and go. I got to bring me somebody here and get the jock of John Harbo and put the mother team together like I just told you. Lamar Jackson stack 273 yard passing 122 yard rusting on 16 carriage. Now we go all the way down here in the big wide wagon back as Derrick Henry 13 Kara four six yard.


That's what we doing. How dub he couldn't go nowhere h your mind for letting me educate you on something. Anytime the Baltimore Ravens got in power back, they got in single back or Ima formation. The defense know that's a mother fucking run play. But when they lined up in the shotgun and the R option than the 12 personnel, the more Jackson when he did hand it off to him four five yard pops or when he kept it himself keep running that same formation, they couldn't stop it. When you come out that single back and it gets one back and the quarterback up hearing it bro we know you hand it out. You not going nowhere but went over when I get in that shotgun though and I got them two tights here and I got Henry right here or he on his right side and you and and you shot.


You hiking it the Lamar than the shotgun? Nah you can either rig option either I can hand it off the big bacon or I can kick the bacon. That's what Lamar Jackson did last night on the, on the on on the rig. Officer And, we getting off offensive line trash. Chris Jones ate they ass up last night. If you watch the game, I watch Chris Jones hang them up all night. Stayed in the back field cut he take two step back. He got to make a move the more Jackson have to make a move as ain't as a head coach. I don't want my quarterback on his back foot the whole night. I ain't what I want. When the ma had a clean pocket, threw the ball, threw the ball, got flowers down there, lively was getting off but he had to improvise on that.


Mark Jackson got weapons leg gentlemen all that. He ain't got no weapons no more. That's a motherfucking live Flowers Lively Edwards. I brought in Big Wagon back Henry. That's what you brought him for there for John Hopper. Give him the motherfucking ball first and second to third quarter. I'm handing the ball off to Henry fourth quarter. No Mark Jackson bring us home. Bring us home. You know I ain't lying. Them pills just hurt the game last night for the most part. But I'm just showing you the mishap. Lamar Jackson and them had because you supposed to won that game last night.


Y'all had Ravens ran 74 plays ladies and gentlemen, you know how many Kansas City she ran 50. That mean Baltimore had to ball 24 more motherfucking times than you than the chief did and still lost by seven. What do that tell you ladies gentlemen? It tells me this Patrick Zebra Mahome is the goat job. You tripping. It's breaking hush. If Patrick holds three peak this year, if he three peak that put automatically put him in the goat, he goat ain't no ain't nobody ever three peak before.


If he three peak they gonna put him in four rings right there. That's enough for me. Probably because Brady got self. Nah hell no. And I love TB 12 but some of them damn championships got a question mark behind y'all won. Put question mark by Barry Barn Ruckle I'm gonna pull them by. Damn Tom Brady Super Bowl. Why would you do that? Deflate gate Spot gate Damnit y'all. Y'all won't sweep it under the rug. I ain't sweeping shit under nothing under the road. Get me wrong. I love TB 12 years ago. Look at that for K Mother Patrick Mahome three peak this year.


You talking? I'm talking about three peak, three goat. Oh last night he was get 20 for 28 last night. 291 yard, one touchdown pad one inception. That's H he was 20 for 28, 2 91 He I bet you Pat my home wouldn't have missed that throw Right between the, they got like on a nipple in between. Damn So ly I be playing with them with with with with those things that a woman has right here Humbly Dub Breastfe come here, dub made breast come.


I ain't know you like come come here, come here. Like I said Pat Mahome is the goat Xavier we I see why Big boy Andy when got big cheeseburger eating Andy Reed when I and got him. Yeah I know Tyreek him but Andy Reed is definitely him. It's more used than nigga is me. That's what Andy Reed saying y'all and y'all can't even see it. Wake up in the ring telling Tyreek Hill and the rest of y'all it's more, it's more y'all than it's me.


I'll let you go. I still come back win two in a row. Y'all better get a big red cheeseburger eating mother and as his credit that Bill, bill Belichick that darn shoot good, good coaches see for good coaches and the read is like no other. I'm gonna say it again. Big Red is like no other. Every player I ever done heard from or even even watch interviews on aint never said nothing bad about Big Red. He's a player's coach.


He listened to his players, his players come to him and talk to him and they'll draw up from Maces and and plays and and and to get him involved because he a coach that listen before he speaks. And that's what some of us gotta do in the world. Sometimes we get in hostile situations you don't understand And we don't think. We just react and there's a lot of men in jail right now. We being way too emotional. We too emotional. We emotional about every, we emotional about sports. Look at me right here talking crying. We emotional. We're too emotional man. Sometimes we need to even when somebody's right sometimes you just gotta let them talk.


You let a person talk long enough they'll tell you everything he is you want to know about. Just gotta be quiet sometimes and listen just and re is him what's his name, pickle Chew whatever number 10. He ain't even no running back. I don't know what he is. That mother going hit that and dance up in there and get your four and five a pop. That's how he run Go get you four or five yards a pop. Pick two 12 his name is to me back there playing Pickle Boo Pickle boo. That's how he playing And Mahomes don't mind giving it to him either.


You know how many times Mahome ran last night had two attempts, three yards. We all know Pat Mahomes ain't run known for running run like he got a belly full of Tomb of Fish but he could throw that motherfucking ball like he got nothing but Coors like his belly. You damn right Pat Mahome can't run. He could throw it. He could see or something over that. You don't even know he throwing it too. Travis Kiss didn't have the best game last night but let me tell you something, I saw something magnificent last night. I saw something beautiful last night and it came in the form of the eyes of Taylor Swift. Come here darling.


Swingle and moms Apple. Lemme tell you something Travis here you got you something boy you got you. You got Taylor Swift, you got the greatest thing on Earth Do up you tripping. Get back, get back, chop get back. Her shading her sat us her shading. You got the greatest thing on earth. Look up there her she had that makeup on that red cherry lipstick. Oh my God. Make Elvis get on hard in the graveyard. Do you hear me? Do you hear me?


Over and all Overall last night it was a great game. Fans was excited. NFL season is back you could smell the beards in the bars. It it was just nothing but excitement Last night on last night football game. I'm just happy it's back. I was happy to see you know Derrick Henry with the Ravens. See what he was gonna be able to do when he come out and it just one game. It's not the end for the Ravens. I do think these teams will meet up again but for John Harbaugh to be in this game this long and I consider him a good coach. His play call is in question three or four times They had the lay of games that's more still on the quarterback because the head coach you gotta have your team in sync.


You gotta get the plays in like they got. That's no excuses for delay of games on the quarterback. Like they had to call timeouts and that pulled them in. You know what I'm saying? Awkward situations. But Kansas City man as you know they had they turnovers too. I think they had six. I mean I mean not turnover, I mean both teams had one turnover piece but I'm talking about penalties. I think Ravens had seven and Chiefs had six but it was when them penalty was called that was killing the ravens on great drives. Like they was getting chunks and chunks down the yards and they were having to bring them back. The league nigga do something about that. They really do.


'cause it seemed like the, they didn't know how to line up all of a sudden last night and I just kept seeing a flag off a 12 yard catch boom 28 yard catch. But they calling it back all because of illegal formation. I don't never wanna see this again y'all I don't even want to see 'em doing it no more. I don't wanna see that shit. I wanna see some football, I wanna see some hard hitting. I'm watching them told that D Live City, that's how they won that bowl last year. That defense. Yeah that defense and and ain't gonna hurt to have Patty Mahomes back there the fourth quarter leading your offense down in the field from the three yard line.


He ain't the go. Oh I know Brady done done it before. I know that. I know that Brady ain't never had that juice. Brady ain't never had that juice up in his head. Like Pat Mahomes got in his all natural Zebra got, lemme tell you something about Ga Zebra see a zebra out there in the safari. Right. It you know what I'm saying? This white and black beautiful one thing them zebras got they strong, they ain't fast. Pat Mahome ain't fast. Y'all get where y'all get where I'm going with this now He ain't fat. He stocky Bill. Yeah y'all know ain't like Chalky bill a little bit. Yeah that's a zebra and he could see the feel. Oh that mother can Zebra could see the feel. If that ain't Pat Mahome, I don't know who, it's only time a zebra get caught when he injured.


That's the only time when Pat Mahome really lose when he injured bad ankles and all that. And even then I can see him on a bad foot Super Bowl against the Eagles. The Eagles they play tonight in Brazil. We gonna get to that in a minute. But I done seen him pad my home whole foot broke. I seen him shot him up with some, with some anti dope in that locker room. He came back out there looking like Batman. I don't know what they shot him up in their Super Bowl but they shot him with something. Remains a mystery to this day. If you ask me. Matter of fact somebody wake Power on Tiger Boo up, I'm sick of Roger Goodell. He it, it's all about the money for Roger now in tonight's game.


Eagle versus the the the packer on Peacock. Man I I thought Peacock was in the damn zoo. They telling me it's a channel. I didn't know Peacock had a channel. Somebody go wake Paul Tiger blew up man I ain't feeling this at all. I ain't feeling this at all. Peacock. I gotta go watch the Eagle play the Packers in Brazil and, and ain't fail. Why y'all keep sending them play up to Brazil? Ain't nobody head in Brazil. Let's be real. I couldn't be no NFL player last night I got knocked on every motherfucking door at No we don't be no in there. Huh? No Nopa.


I do that's I be in Brazil right now getting out eight Starbursts. You get to finds woman in the city buying up a year supplies of Starbursts. When I get there I go for a broken Brazil. Y'all been in Brazil? Hey y'all seen them Brazil women all them be come


For 25 years. BrightView senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


NFL week one, it is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Every Sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best the filet of fish And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Got me calling back. Chicken crib. Hey what's up? I ain't coming back home on do you hear me? I ain't coming back home. I ain't gonna be able to do it but the Eagles playing package tonight. Say Quan Barkley. Yeah with the Eagles now. Yeah he gonna come over to the enemy you know with Johns Eagle Cowboy commander all in the same division barking with the Giants last, you know what I'm saying. Couple years. Who drafted them? They didn't wanna paint it. Nick Cchi fucking he could say come on over here, me and Jeffrey come on over here, we'll pay you. We need you to take something of the log off of Jalen Sip and serve her.


So I'm excited to see how y'all feeling. I'm excited to see Shaquan Barkley tonight. Will he stay healthy is the question now everybody know Last year Philadelphia Eagles was fish grease hot the first half of the season. Second half of the season they were colder then Benny Single Tim come here started out high. Jaylen Hurt just throwing it up there. AJ Brown, Devonte Smith were TRASHH going to get it. By the way, both players signed significant contract this off season, which they deserve. But you got Sequan Barker, you got AJ Brown, you got Devonte Smith and y'all got that dude from Washington Dobson.


Think Dobson. I'm not mistaken. He ain't no motherfucking more excuses. Gilly Wallow ain't no more excuses. You got Barkley, you got Brown over there, you got Smith and you got Sir Sip. Ain't no motherfucking more excuses. Y'all don't get the job done. I don't want to hear y'all one ring in 90 years having since no mo getting running around here, losing his mother fucking mind off the eagle and they ain't won for one in 90 years. You stick your damn bird back in. You ain't beat the Dallas Cowboy last year in the playoffs?


Yes they did. Had me sick done a motherfucker. I ain't come out the high for two days. First game of the year. Let's see, Eagles Packers, who you got? I'm riding with the Eagles. I just feel like the Eagles. Eagles supposed to be that team y'all and I'm a Cowboy fan but Eagles supposed to be that team. If you look in that paper, the Philadelphia Eagles is the best team in the division right now. But will they play like it because we all know they can start out hot but it's never about how you start. It's always about how you end. How you end it man Act just like in life you might not be where you wanna be right now, but let's say three or six months from now.


You very well could be but you gotta put the mother fucking work in. You gotta put the work in football player. You gotta be in films. You gotta know his formation. You gotta know that formation. Oh man that tight end back there. He normally run an angle route when they in his formation. Well if you study film and you see that it's a tight end in the certain formation, every time you seen that formation he runs a angle route. Jump through route. I know you seen him football plus hanging all the time. I know y'all seen Cam Newton saying that saying yeah you watch film.


Huh? Watch this. Yeah or Evan Rogers said you not coming get back. Quarterback knows they study this, they watch countless film of formations. So when the quarterback come out there, first thing they doing is gang in the field. Seeing where them safety's at. Seeing where the linebackers there. Why a locker team like Andy Reed like to put that receiver in motion seeing who going with him. Let that dude don't travel. We know you in his zone. I'm arguing I'm we finna run some zone routes.


I fucking kick your ass up right up the right up the scene. Get you right up the scene. Let that that safety come down. Leave at one right there. Top that roll up top. I'm gonna buddy your ass because not mean I got some one-on one coverage somewhere. I'm just telling you game and the way it need to be played. It gonna be a hell of a game. I can't wait to watch. It's on peacock feet. Y'all don't know the game tonight on Peacock. I know some of you looking at me damn dumb will p Man it's a app and I don't want you because I know I got some people up in there man. I don't even know how to work the man. You, you know how to work them. You know how to work them strip club at s you know how to work them damn apps on your phone too so stop lying.


You figure everything else out John, you can figure this out too. The gang not gonna peacock turn it in. I can't wait to watch it. I got the Eagles 27 hackers 24 in Brazil. All that mother ass gonna be them. I'm talking about folks, some of the finest women ever in Brazil and it don't take much either one cheesecake. But had you boo up for a whole year, one motherfucking cheesecake had you boo up in Brazil for a year Boys. I know I like to go fish.


I gotta think I first started taking my fishing to Brazil Rio Janero, I'm gonna pursue fellows trip. Y'all can join me if you want. You can join me if you want because women that way wanna go everywhere. Where motherfuckers stay at the house going fishing. Ain't nothing like being out there on that water. Relaxing the way of the world could be heavy on my shoulders at times. But I never complain about what God put on my shoulders when I prayed for it. You feel what I'm saying to you. But fishing is relaxing man. It's a sport.


Nothing like putting a dog food on that hook. See some of y'all use worms. Y'all use your, I put dog food on the hook and I, I'm casting it out there now. You know they, you know fishing is a pacing game. It's a waiting game. So while I'm relaxing, you know I might be looking at my phone looking at my pride pick, you know what I'm saying? I might be looking at pride. You know what I'm all of a sudden you feel a nudge. Oh it get your attention. If it's a big nudge then you, you got, you know you got you something in and you more evening.


You really in when you feel it pressure bring it on home baby. Ain't nothing like fishing. You the double country boy. I'm a fisherman, I'm a, I get out there and hunt them deals. I get out there and kill 'em. Hogs. That's what I do. Anybody got that one? Go hog hunting. You got me. We'll go girl hunting this season. We'll go see you can't miss me but I'm all around. I love the, I love the woods. We ain't got no wilderness down here in Texas. But I love the woods man. I, I'm, I'm glad it's finna get cold because them damn mosquitoes like to kill me this year. I don't know about y'all but the mosquitoes is better than they ever been down him.


Now Mosquito hit me earlier. I thought it was Ray Lewis thought it was Ray Lewis where he was stab me. I'm just saying you know allegedly just saying and y'all take care of y'all self out there man. Gotta take care of yourself out there man. I can't just so much going on man. You know be careful clubbing, partying, doing drugs you don't need to be doing. Be careful. Shit ain't right out here. What's going on right now? Shit ain't right out here in this world. Be parents are bearing their kids man way too motherfucking early.


Man we, we supposed to be burying our parents, not the parents bury us man. Like, like how many times do somebody gotta die from certain situations for us to understand that ain't the way to go. You know what I'm saying? Like do good you right by others. Me, I'm not finna harm you. I don't want you gonna harm me my brother. You know what I'm saying? These days you can't even leave your drink nowhere without someone wanna put something in your drink. Now you crazy running down the road but naked with iPad watching Nemo all because you didn't pay attention.


You gotta pay attention like when you driving down the road y pay attention not only for you but you gotta pay attention for other people. But people can't drive. When are we going to hold ourselves accountable talking to us black people? No I know we're not the only one but I'm talking to us right now. When when are we going to hold ourself accountable for the way of youth acting today? Yeah I know our OGs didn't teach us shit but they gonna make, we can't teach these young men something we can save life talking to a young man. Hey man this ain't the way to go man. Get them books brother. They they gonna tell you they problem man. My mom broke or my dad broke. We gonna have you submit.


Well let's do something about that. Give you some alternatives. How can we get you a job? I mean you know get what skill you got now we can start building. We losing way too many young men. Man to the streets, drugs, guns. We losing way too many. I seen a shooting in Georgia. The shit got to stop school used to be a safe spot. School used to be a safe, safe spot. It ain't even motherfucking safe no more. You can't even want, you can't even send your kids after school no more. What I thinking why I wondering what the fuck is gonna happen today? Ain't no way a kid supposed to have a gun. Ain't no way.


We don't even have a safe haven no more. In the world you used could run to the church and be safe. Can't run that no more. They'll shoot that up. Can't run to the school no more. They'll shoot that up. but can we go then when us as a people have to come together white, black, wherever you are, Mexicans, we come together as a people. Hey I know y'all gonna like being treated this way. I know y'all don't like being treated this way And. we gonna like being treated this way. How can we come to a resolution?


Everything can't be fixed in one day. Everything gonna be fixed in one year. But we can move towards the goal and the goal is to have us stop fighting and stop shooting one another. And that's gonna always be killing. That's just the way the world is. Just the way the world works. But we can do better. We can have better percentages than what we have. I tell you that. I don't wanna see nobody kid get shot or killed at school. Nobody, neither should you. I know we all do things we shouldn't be doing but another thing we shouldn't be doing, we shouldn't be drinking and driving. That's a mother fucking negative.


I understand you wanna go out here in the world, get drunk, get get tore up. That gonna mean gonna get in that truck or that car That mean find you a Uber real friends don't let you get behind the wheel knowing you drunk real friends. Take your keys from you no matter how mad and when you wolf and holler up that you ain't driving because you ain't just saving they lives. You saving somebody else too. You gotta start being more responsible. People start holding mother 'cause of account. I told you I take her a person who take ain't got no limit. They'll take much.


They'll take much as they can take from you Long. You don't say nothing. She he ain't tripping. She ain't tripping. He ain't saying nothing. The man they you stop that. That's what they wanna cry wolf. But guess what? Sometimes you got to let them motherfuckers cry wolf. You gotta let 'em cry wolf. But how y'all feeling today man they Friday man you know you had a great game last night. I know y'all went to work today talking about the dang game man. Did you see this man? Did you see that? That's what this, this is America baby. When you get to wake up the next day and talk about the game, you talk to your friend man how you feel Man? Man that was a good game.


You know I'm ready for my team to play and you damn right I'm ready for them Cowboy to play them C Brown. I'm ready. I can't get no motherfucking rest. I can't. I ain't kick. I can't wait to see how that gonna come out And that motherfucker better come out better do his job. It's what I wanna see. I wanna see how Zeke gonna run this year. Is he gonna run like a old John Deere? You know them old John Deer can run now Don and John Deere got the best tractors helpful. I wanna know if he gonna run like the new one Ring a new John Deer saying I know it's an old car.


You can have new parts. That's the beauty of a woman. She might not got no ass today but in two weeks she'll have her as like buffer. The fam pile come y'all remember Buffalo the body I'm talking about Vampire. I'm talking about Buffalo the body. I remember Buffalo the pore. I'm talking about shooting my hands like that. That's all I'm saying. I wanna see what Zeke going to do this year. I know what Cge gonna gimme. He done got that money. I know what he gonna gimme. He gonna gimme 90 catches this year. Cge gonna gimme 90 and 1400 yard pack receiving yard. He gonna gimme that Brandon cooks.


What you gonna give me? You keep saying everybody pointing the finger at Dak and you right everything ain't Dak thought but if you gonna help him this year Brandon cooks talking to you. Is you gonna help Dak Prescott this church? What I wanna fucking know we're going playing. How's Gary Best defensive player the in the L right now? I don't thinking nobody wanna argue with on that. We going against Gar. That mean y'all motherfuckers got her head. Y'all head on the Swiff.


I see him. I shit. I know you do. He right down. Do you got him? I don't need Beli. I don't need to be sliding no motherfucking protection over there either. I need you to get him one on one for four seconds. You give me four seconds with that big monster. I got you. If the Cowboys offensive line give that press gott time, he going to eat Cleveland ass alive. The home and rock and roll gonna eat them alive. But I wanna know, can we hand that motherfucker get me a because if you gonna get me four you gonna be you.


You, you see, you see where I'm at? You see where I'm at? That's where you going to be. That's what I'm telling Zeke. If you gonna get that run that motherfucking ball, you gonna be over here with me with Aack on. I'm just saying y'all want somebody to get up here and talk and tell the truth here I am. You want me to get up here and sugarcoat and lie. I'm not that guy for you. You don't even watch the show if you won't lie. I'm gonna give you the truth over here. I'm gonna give you the motherfucking real now we gonna talk support Damnit we gonna talk it Caitlyn Clark balding You motherfucking   girl been quiet about Kailin.


She ain't been doing nothing. Coming to the game early eating raisins in her son Chicken salad. Mothers in Indiana. Ain't ain't ain't been this happy Ron Ates then was there. Jermaine O'Neal in Stat five. It's excitement in Indy man have to come down. The sheriff had to come down and see this and that. Caitlyn is whole. She gonna be the rookie of the year. WNBA and she deserve it and she deserve it.


Girl can ball, I can get that hate all that whatever inside get that shit out. She ball them MVP Aja Wilson. That's no doubt about that. Ain't no doubt about who the MVP is but Caitlyn Clark ain't gonna be in the running but that's ages all day. I just like what the state of the NBA at right now. It's a spotlight on 'em now on everybody. It ain't just Caitlyn's on everybody. That's what I like now we all got the light on us. You do your thing. I'm gonna do my motherfucking thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo Caitlyn doing her thing man.


I seen what Jalen Ramsey for? Dolphin get signed a three year $72 million deal. Deserve it. Ramsey gonna get burnt about three or four times but he a good, for the most part he gonna do what he supposed to do. I respect Ramsey. He ain't making no excuse. He get burnt. Yeah every he he gonna, he gonna how you stretching your mama head down in Miami but then he gonna come through with some picks too. Taylor Ramsey gonna come through with some picks too too. Wow. Rich shit.


Nothing but cocaine going on in Miami again. Yeah and Rose voice. Oh yeah. Don't Cuban wearing gold teeth. Motherfucker gonna be at that game. See people think like where I'm from, I'm from the south. Everybody think I man ain't number man ain't number but Hastings and Jamaicans down there and what you call them people Cubans down there and he is don't you think ain't no motherfucking white folks down there either. They down in Miami and they at them games drunk Sir off smell like whit mayonnaise regular the fight.


Everybody in that motherfucker don't matter what color you Them white boy down there Miami get down going on brother. I nothing much man. Shit gets out here. Well tell you what, you ever come down here to the Dolphins game man. Let me know I got you. Me and my baby and her brother-in-law. Shit. We tell anybody asses up, we gonna play. I'm talking to you brother. I'm right. I'm white boy. I'm son Burn motherfucker will got your back for life.


I white boy down in Miami Nathan he'll kill for me. I think he won't. You know I blackmail. Shit. I, I tell Ashley everything. You don't want me to do that. I get leverage on your ass. I'll hold it over your motherfucking head. I'm calling Nathan next Wednesday. I need a check for 15,000. Well brother I just gave, I don't give a what you gave me say nigga. Ashley's gonna find out about you're tripping Indonesia brother.


I know you saying that brother little shit too much like hug hogan. I'm just telling y'all got real shit going on in my life man. Y'all be think I be bull driving man. I'm bringing y'all into the my into my to my world. People think they gonna walk in my shoes. You can't walk in these motherfucking shoes. You know what it took to give him. Do you really know? I don't think y'all know.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday night Football. You know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal wind chime post on Instagram I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet O fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. I won Boo Private. Put down your phone. This is the Army Sarge High five Casino. It's a social casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go. I win three spins, cash prizes, free down rewards over 1200 games I want. Again. Platoon present cell phone. High. Five five five. Casino. Casino. Win it high five casino.com. High five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary would prohibit play responsibly. Condition supply. See website for details. High Five Casino


Took me to get outside my comfort zone. Me doing this and when getting on the camera is out my comfort zone. I was a low key laid back guy man. I ain't never had no social media guys took a lot When you don't have nothing. Everything that she did didn't work. Some gotta work, some gotta work. And I know this would work 'cause I'm just being me natural. Ain't no force just me. I am. If you know me, this is me. Nothing else work for me.


But that's the friends family. Look at you different. What you doing? Yeah man you crazy. That's what they said. But I had my eyes on the prize the whole motherfucking time. So if somebody out here watching you out there watching this show right now, make sure you can hit the like button. Make sure you can hit the subscribe button man. This is one of them. Shows you gonna follow. You gonna get you gonna, you going, you gonna learn something on this motherfucking show. Yeah, we gonna do all this sports, we gonna do all of that. We gonna do life too. I know somebody watching right now and inspired by me man. Love how you do it.


Shit. Pray. I got a praying mother. I got a praying woman I'm with man. Do you hear me? Pray. Pray. Lord. I don't ever care about being rich. I just wanna be comfortable. I wanna be able to wake up in the morning and go wherever I want to go. Buy whatever I wanna buy. Buy my kids whatever they want when they graduate. Better buy 'em cars or go to college. Be whatever. I wanna be in position Lord to help me get out.


Poverty, help me get out of poverty Lord. So I'm here to tell y'all here today. Some of y'all might like this, some of y'all might not. But it's the truth. If you making under $50,000 a year, you in poverty. You in poverty when you gotta get out of it Baby. Yo. When I learned that four years ago but I was making under $50,000 and I was working my job, I ain't know I was in power. Like I ain't power. I got a roof over my head. I might be broke but at least I got somewhere I can go and be starved at.


You know what I'm saying? I got a roof over my head. I can starve inside the house though. I ain't getting rainer. I have to learn that though. Oh bro. It's levels so you can do better than life. This same it. And I had to jump out there and I started working and doing skits and traveling and trying to do this comedy. Starting to get a buzz. But I ain't making no money. Hey brother, duh. Fuck duh broke. Doesn't have no money in his pocket. Got family sometimes. That's when that devil creep in and he better get back to that job boy who you think you is?


Stay right here with me and don't have nothing. And you gotta tell that. Say move around. Mm. I'm built for this, I prayed for this, it's gonna happen. And then you start, start climbing a little bit and that that devil start coming even more coming all forms. Women, drugs, we of course, but whoever you like or whatever you, they'll come like that. You gotta be small. You gotta be ready. Lord. This ain't what I pray for. I pray for this.


You know what I'm saying? Because when you die, you can't take none of this with you. How rich you are. When you die you die. You, you, you, you, you dead. You ain't got no more than the poor man right beside you in the grave. It takes sacrifices to get him. Right. Taking away from my family. It takes sacrifices. Can't go shopping. I got a team to take care of. Hmm. What kind of boss am I if I'm a broke boss? Said I'm already next year. I'm already in the next year. I'm not even here. I'm already in the next year.


Even though tomorrow ain't promised. But that's the way I, I see things. My, my vision is different now. I used to couldn't see nothing but to, for the next hour. We'll talk more about that though. But WW you know I got a book coming. I, I ain't, no not right now, but I got a book coming. I'm, I'm working on a book Lord. Let me listen here. It might put out about two or three years. But I'm, I'm, I'm working though. I'm working. Hopefully y'all are working too man. Yeah. Hopefully I inspire y'all man. And to go and do what whatever it is you wanna do. 'cause if I did it, you could do it too. Don't let nobody tell you no different. I'm talking about for being successful and making you can do that. Everybody can't get up here and be funny. I ain't gonna lie to you. Everybody ain't funny.


Nobody can't get on that stage like I do but can't do it. Everybody got different gifts. Everybody got different talent. Everybody can't do it. I can't do some of y'all jobs. Some of y'all guys are good with working on calls or working on shit around how I ain't got none of that shit. I better, I gotta hire somebody. I gotta call somebody do this shit because that ain't me. That ain't my profession. My profession make motherfuckers laugh like I do that. I can do that. Oh yeah. Real talk. I can, I told you I'm on Bluetooth now. Come here. I'm on motherfucking Bluetooth. I'm chewing them mother like skills. What you shit you come boy I'm tired.


I can't, shit. I don't know that. You were complaining when you wasn't getting it. Now you're getting it and you're complaining. Shit. That's the power of a woman. That motherfucker complain all day. Case 75 woman. I don't give a damn. What you say baby? You never home when you home when you leaving then you see what I'm saying? You see what I'm saying? Tell y'all some shit about these women man. I'm finna show you how to get outta shit. The girl ever come to you tell you go to the store and get some things. You go, but you make sure you leave two or three items in purpose.


So the next time she say baby. So the next time when it's time to go to the store, she not going to even ask you. You know what? Because you like, oh I get it. Nah, I got it because last time you forgot two or three things and Uhuh. That was the whole point of hub not asking you to go to the motherfucking store no more. So next time your girl fellas ass You'all go to the store. Forget two or three things. She going to ask you no mother, mother teach you how to get out stuff. Yeah. Gonna teach you how to get outta the store. I do it every mother time. What? When time go to the store? They gonna add me.


They gonna add me a meme around here because I ain't fucking going. I'm in the zone today. Y'all dub zone feeling good. Nebraska, Colorado, I'm gonna be there. Who you got? Who you motherfuckers got? I fra Where you at Daniel Store? Where you at Crawford when you hit? I'm pulling over Coach Brian pulling Noble Coach y'all. You see it Big buffs. I'ma have it available too. Got the trash shirts available right now too. Bubba Dubt. I'm saying Gmail hit me up man.


Put let me send me your sizes man. I got them trash shirts on deck baby Football season. Man. We'll be able to game Stadium near you about two weeks away from flying out our first fan to a game. Man. I can't wait. I know some of y'all still been thinking, man. Th man, I want to come it, it could very well be you. It could very well be. I want it to be you whoever you're, I want it to be you. Real talk. Make sure you hit that like button man. Make sure you gonna hit the scribe button. Make sure y'all in the comments. Y'all been, y'all been tripping on the comments fan. I been getting seven, 800. Like come on man. I supposed to be three, 4,000 likes every motherfucker here when you're watching you like it.


Here's the button. Know I'm here for you Dub. I love it. Motivate me. You ought to be motivated by your team right now. Whoever your team is. Even if it's the Cardinals dub mentioned my team. You damn right. LA Charge is where you at? Bronco Nation. Where you at? Bring a nation. Where you at Saints? Who they, who that where at my Texan fans.


I know y'all ready? Y'all washing up your slabs right now. You don't do you no goodies ringing down here in the city. Boy. Y'all watching them slabs up getting ready for the Texans to play the more Coke. Mother Giant fans. Y'all know. Y'all wondering what y'all gonna do with Daniel Jones? I I, I don't know. I really don't know. But I'm excited whether I'm watching it on ESPN NBC Peacock, Amazon. I don't fucking know. I'm gonna watch it. You better watch it too. We gonna talk. You better watch it too.


Now. It's time for the hell no. I've forgot all about that nigga. YI know y'all forgot all about that. Hell no. How could you forget about the hell no. We still got the trash. Damn. Huh? Come on now. And, if you watching this show right now, man. If you watching this show right now man. And you gotta put your phone up. You at work or you working around the house? Man, you can listen to it on Apple Podcasts, on Spotify. You like real talk? Yeah, you can put your headphones on and listen to me. If you riding down the road in the car you can get Listen to me, talk my talk, talk to me motherfucker.


Stand up, talk to me. It's a new year. That shit last year don't matter. Come about. Look around you cowboy. Fame ha's got something to say. Y'all say they gave year. Well we saying it again Chomp. I'm saying nigga again, we win in Dak. We trust Knows You took as hell. Nah, shit man, I ain't playing with y'all every day man. Real tough. Somebody ask me Bubba Dub, what? You ever go to the army?


N you not finna wake me up Big 4, 3, 4 in the morning hollering in my face, breath, smell like funky soup. Shit. Never. You not Finn to holler at me. You not finna tell me when I am when I can't get up. Nope, nope. No I'm not crawling under there. I can't swim. I'm no bomb up. Every mother I'm seeing, seeing limbs and body shit, I'm finna go lay up on one of them limbs. Shit, my, my my, my stay over. My stay is over. If I'm in no war shit. They asking me if I was ever in a war or if asked me was I ever in a war, could I kill innocent people?


Hell no. That's why I'm not going now putting myself in that situation. Do they trying to kill you. I, that's why I'm not going, I'm not built for that. I'm soft. First time I see somebody get shot, I'm, oh shit. God. Hell his nose came out. Well you gonna want that kind of, I I don't wanna be that kind of, you don't want this kind of person on your team. I'm not what you want because if I get caught I'm, I'm li to tell all the secrets that we have. I'm, I'm, I'm allowed to tell the secrets. I'm trying to go home. I ain't supposed to be here. You know what I'm saying?


Half the people in the army married just for more money. I'm just telling you the truth. Half the people in the army married just so they can get more money. Damn scam AEs. But y'all won't sit in them over there and fight the war for y'all. Never. You no motherfuckers that's in prison down here in Huntsville from the murderers. You put a mother, the front motherfucker lie. If it survives you're free. Ain't nothing but scam artists in them armies and Navys and marines, they all get married so they can give extra few thousand dollars. Telling you the truth, you want somebody to lie to you go to another damn show.


This ain't the one, this ain't the show for lies. We don't do that over here. I don't speak on shit. I don't know nothing about do you hear me? I don't speak on shit. I don't know nothing about just like you saying negro. Let me read that. Right For people just not getting in. Y'all motherfucker die already done pronounce rich homie corn di you don't know how the man die Y di how your cousin die now You go on little too far now. Oh you stay in everybody else motherfucking business. That's why you breast smell like caterpillar shit because you ain't everybody ear business but your own.


Hm. Let that boy family grieve. Y'all let anybody else who die Lord be let em let let the family grieve man. Let them let them come out with the toxicology report and saying what caused this deal. You niggas act like y'all was dope. Now y'all going back listening to his music. Oh man he knew it was coming four years ago. I said mother fucking years ago he knew it was coming man don't nobody know where we was gonna die. The Bible say death gonna come like a thief in the night so you motherfuckers God now is what you telling me.


That's what you sound like y'all God no man it was this and that. The reason why I can't say his name and I ain't gonna even say all that because you know what I'm saying? I don't even get into that shit messy. I ain't gonna get into the extras y'all put into it saying why he got all I know a man passed away. I liked his, liked his music, he got a family. My condolences we got to do better as a people. We gotta do better And whoever's selling fake drugs or selling fake anything, I hope you catch Counsel Square Business and I hate Counsel Breast Cancer.


I hate it. I hate I stop taking people lives man. It's not cool. Ain't nothing gangster about doing being doing dumb idiot addict shit man. Losing too many kids. Even though I know Rich young man quit kid. But we losing kids y'all. He fake drugs. The shit not cool. Some of y'all got kids right now. 18 21, 22. I know I got some older people here. I love you. Thank y'all for watching me like you know hit the subscribe button.


I know a lot of y'all gonna know how to do the gadgets but hit the subscribe and get in the comments. If you feeling this episode today you gonna feel every single last one. These motherfuckers let's get them views up man. Ain't no way. Ain't no way. This motherfucker should be jumping through the roof. Let's jump it. I'm here with you. I'm here with you. Let's jump it. And.


if you watching this show and you need a little money and you don't know how to do it but you good at solving things and work and then you know this show being presented by prize picks, go and download the number one sports betting fantasy app right now. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. I'm gonna put you on game for you first time users. That's like dang do I ain't know that man. How can I do it when you go and download it hear me out. They gonna give you $50 instantly in promo funds for you to run your first $5 lineup. That's right. First time users $5 in go give you 50 and there's more or less you feela. See see my picks pop up in a minute. These are my picks right here for this Sunday. These are my picks and it's either more or less. That simple ain't no other and thing about prize picks man you could have a a a player ball out in the first half or you get hurt. It don't even go against you if he gonna come back and play it don't even go against you. They got a a reboot policy injury policy. Them other apps don't offer that. Yeah, no them other apps don't offer that just to get over the prize picks. You wanna get your bread up prospects. They saved my life and I ain't just saying it to say they saved my life. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs.


Man. If y'all just not talking into this show man. We talked about them chiefs, we talked about the Ravens, we talked about the Mark Jackson shortcomings but he do have a team around him right now. He just gotta utilize it Man. Ain't no way that boy be running for bowed out last night. Mr. Couple throws last night. I wish he could, I know he wish he could have him back but Kansas City chief Legacy and gentlemen, it is a team they gonna be here for for the next four, five years And that's just the reality of it right now. I know a lot of y'all gonna like Mahomes. I gonna call him Mahomes. I love him.


He's the zebra and Zebras can secret safari better than anybody and you know I'm not lying. That's Patrick Mahomes y'all. Andy Reed the best head coach in the, in the NFL that he is right now. Yeah big boy him. I seen what he did for Terrell Owens when he came from 49 or over there. I seen what he did what what he can do for a dj. I seen what he can do for him now. I seen what he can do for a Brian Whisperer. I seen what he can do for a Michael Vick. I seen he can do for Patrick Mahome. I re ke I can see what Andy Reid does.


Y'all better get Big R. He respect getting his flowers right now. Get his flowers man. He very well. He deserve all of 'em that he can mother fucking get square business. He deserves everything he can get.


Don't forget the Eagles pack us tonight on Peacock. Make sure you motherfucking I thought Peacock was in the zoo. I ain't know it was the make sure you motherfuckers tune in trash of the day going to them motherfucking reals Go for if I hear that one more motherfucking time you going to shut. Shut the hell and let this game go.


I'm already done smoke one, I'm in the zone full of taco shit. I wanna see them go up and down the field. All I'm hearing is whistles. I don't like that. I don't never want the refs to have an outcome of a game and let the players do react but lively for the Raven got you something number my angel. Yeah like Pat Mahome say you sugar wore white shoes fam but them prime time was it though you were getting off. That's what you want players that you don't think that's gonna step up. Step up them, them mother fucking players from my fantasy football. I bet y'all got lively now. My fantasy football player. I bet y'all hurry up trying to get lively now.


I know, I know. I appreciate y'all watching me man. We coming right back And. we right back on y'all head Monday. Right back on y'all head. Monday? Yeah. Right back on y'all head. Monday at 2:00 PM Eastern every day. Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Fridays 2:00 PM Eastern. Write it down. Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. Bubba Do Show will drop 2:00 PM Eastern. Make sure y'all emailing me too and talking to me if y'all got questions man. Talk to me bubbaMorgan94@gmail.com. I will respond back. Talk to me. Let we growing together like I told my girl and I'm on the Bluetooth.


Ooh you growing. I know and I ain't even know no milk. Surprise me. I ain't know it could grow like that. Hey, Bluetooth got me growing. Ain't growing and I ain't going nowhere. You all night. Hurry up. No, I'm in the zone. I'm in the zone. Thank y'all for tuning into The. Bubba, Dub Show. Remember tonight Eagles Packers on Peacock. See y'all are getting Monday at 2:00 PM Eastern. Be here. Be ready. Have your motherfucking notifications on because I'm coming like this.


I all motherfucking you not holding nothing back, giving you all the news and the information that you need. I know you love it and I love it too. I'm out the volume. Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal, wind chime post on Instagram I saw it's going to be hilarious.


You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


The Following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We have a slight delay because I just want high five casino.com. High five Casino. It's a social casino on your phone wherever you go. It goes win free spins, cash prizes, free game. The rewards over 1200 games in the event of emergency. Feel free to yell. I would at high five. casino.com. Have You had your high five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited play responsibly. Conditions supply. See website for details. High five Casino.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Now


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.