
Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree your proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Matt Rogers from Lost Culture Reis, with Matt Rogers and Bow Yang. Save the date for your cordially. Invited. A hilarious new wedding comedy stirring. Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon. Chaos ensues when two weddings are accidentally booked on the same weekend at the same venue. Oh, Will Ferrell plays the father of the bride and Reese Witherspoon is the sister of the other bride and they go head to head to make sure the ones they love get their special day Together on screen. For the First time ever, it's feral verse Witherspoon. Chaos comedy and alligator wrestling await you and you're cordially invited. Watch January 30th on Prime video.


Tired of Restless Nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you


The Volume. Welcome to the bubble Do Show. Welcome to the Bubble Dove Show man. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. Yes sir. Make sure you got your notifications on also 'cause you never know when we going to drop over on the bubble. Do show Big Weekend Full. I'm call my NFA football this weekend today. Some great games today y'all. I know a lot of my Chiefs fans. I know y'all excited right now. Y'all in the chat going off. I know my Eagle fans y'all in the chat going off right now. I know the Commander fans sick. I know the Buffalo Bill fans sick right now.


I'm gonna give y'all a minute to get settled down. Some of y'all running around excited. I'm gonna give you a little couple seconds to get yourself together man. We're gonna rock and roll tonight over on the Bubble Duck Show. Hopefully everybody just watching this show, hopefully everything is okay with you praying, everybody just watching this show and praying for great health in 2025. Make sure you take care of yourself At the end of the day, these jobs don't care about you. They gonna replace you at the end of the day. So it's building to have great health and wealth. Never forget that. Remember Steve Jobs died needing a kidney. He had all the money in the world but needing a kidney. So never forget that. Put your health first.


So let's get to the thing. What we here to buy talk about tonight. The Buffalo Bills played the Kansas City chief, which is defending Champs tonight up there in Kansas City, Missouri. That right I ain't want y'all to cuss me out no motherfucking more about they is not Kansas City Dub, it's Kansas City, Missouri. Well, oh well Chief 1 32 or 29, let's talk about it now. I'm gonna be honest now I sit up there and say earlier that the refs playing a part. I really feel like there was a first down by Josh Allen. Okay. I feel like it was the first down but the ref said it wasn't cool. But let me break this down to you right here go the Buffalo Bills tried to make Josh Allen the NVP and that's the reason why they fucking lost Cool was cooking night 13 carry for 85 yards.


They stopped giving Zane Cook the mother dog. That's why they lost 1385 yards. That 6, 4, 5 yards of motherfucking carry. That means they can't stop him. Can't give it to him. But no, y'all wanna make Josh Allen the star and look what it got you going back home corner. That's Kansas City. That's expected if you going there and playing them. If they, they got hundred full of days. Common sense tell you they going to get some calls. They just, that's just what it's, but you played right into they hands.


They couldn't stop the run all night. But what y'all do, y'all going to throw the motherfucking ball y'all Allen throwing the ball and the mother damn they hit the nacho lady Who you throwing through? Damn. Who you throwing and fumbling Three motherfucking Fus. Yes you recover them but you're fumbling though. Yeah that, that, that just bottom line. That's what it was. Pat Mahome doing what Pat Mahomes do taking them boys down the field and storing get get angry field. You you, you cannot give Patrick Mahome the ball with time on the clock. You can't do that. He going consistently make things happen. If you happen to be down just the Kansas City Chiefs and the Chiefs got the ball, they ain't gonna do no but get first down ain got the motherfucking first down and keep the ball.


That's what they done tonight. They ain't done nothing different the chiefs or who we thought they are. Then you tell about the goddamn damn hook. You had the perfect gameplay in Buffalo. You had the perfect gameplay. You came out running the ball, bootlegging out letting Josh Allen make throws on the run. But what you do in the end you fell right back in love with trying to make Josh Allen the MVP no different than what the Seattle Sea House did when they lost against to new wig England. Patriots trying to make Russell the boys Wilson the MVP and fucking lost when he threw that in in the end zone. Now tell me I'm lying. That's what happened tonight.


The N been trying to make Josh Allen the poster job for the NFL for a while now but no. Mm That man up the bus said de Niles gonna be in the Super Bowl at Niles. Jay hurts pee. I don't call him Pat Mahome no more. I called him Pee. You see him fucking shit. Guess what Kelsey didn't even have his have a good game tonight and they still won. You don't think Kelsey gonna get off in this motherfucking Super Bowl? You a damn lie. And you a damn lie. Chief Defense look good though.


I'm not gonna lie. They got penetration, they start sending them exotic bliss. I got the Steve Spec. No you the defensive coordinator that been with the chief I wanna say like all these Super Bowl runs they been on. I think Steve Fat know you been there and man they send no motherfucking exotic blisses in there and shit for a trick and the shit. I Jos Allen too. I shit trick. I I I, I'm got to give credit to what he do. He had everybody up at the line acting like they fora going in there and get him and they backed off through Josh Allen off. He came out like looking for a high rod and he wasn't even for no high rod 'cause they wasn't even blissing. That's great coaching. Andy Reed probably the best coach that's ever coach in the NFL beside Bill Bilichick George Seaford Doug.


So you know we got some great coaches to land. You had some great coaches come along the way. Mike tumbling, I put him up there as well but overall the chief seems man they won tonight and like I say I want to get credit with credit do, I'm not gonna be a Hager and just say real the reason why they want I that's just one play that I saw that I thought it was the first down by Josh Allen. They didn't get it. Oh well but overall the Buffalo bills, you can't be mad at nobody but your motherfucking self. You had to defend the him Right where you want. You have 'em but you stop giving the ball a cook. For what? I don't fucking know You got guess who playing speak to him just no different from being on these streets.


When I used to move at work I was getting some Gray Ain't work, gray ain't powder but that was cooking powder I did in that and hit that pod up real quickly. Rock 14 come back 21 good work what they started doing? Start putting bacon so in the work and cook it up for me No different from the night. Jane Cook will straight drop. What they going to do? They gonna put bacon in there. Josh Allen the Bacon song. That's why lost sometimes You got to keep it simple. Don't want Josh Allen to be the MVP and he take us to the Super Bowl.


We gonna rob his back. They on there celebrating before the game got Jim Kelly on Wrinkle face. I tell y'all something man though Jim Kelly had cancer, he went through what he went through and I and I'm thank God he made it through that C but sometime you got this like you know what I, I'm not ready to be on tv. Y'all see Kelly that might be 85. Why people Well y'all age terribly. Y'all age like milk. Y'all ain't lying. Milk out overnight woulda happened. It's gonna fucking spoil. They see what they about those black folk but see we age beautifully.


Right. Oh shit the black man to be 70 years old you won't even know man. He gotta be very bigger four than man 75, y'all don't even know. But now white people, shit, once y'all get a certain age that neck get wrinkled and loose like a motherfucker straight Turkey neck up on the left. That's why Jerry Jones be wearing them damn cattles all you around. They don't want you to see how old they is. I ain't dumb. I I think what's going on they talk all that shit they want to but when they take them motherfucking clothes off it ain't nothing but loose skin up on the gown look like a she with y'all gotta pay attention to what's going on. But the chiefs it seem like to me I'm not making no prediction but if like I said before, if Pat if if P win this Super Bowl against the Philadelphia Eagles it'll be three in a row.


Three in a row. That's dope. That's dope to me. Tom Brady ain't never did that. And we consider TOMS Albert Brady the goat right now we, I think we all do some might say Negging. Okay cool. But we all consider Tom Brady the goat of football right now not commentate 'cause commentate skills ain't what for Damn he need to give they money back because that ain't it. Now don't the football that shoe but get up there talking about the gang. I don't want, you know motherfucking Mo Zel let where I want know has she had that baby at Yes or no. I'm just asking y'all that Gazelle had that Gazelle had that baby at. I just wanna know there's a lot of shit going on with these women these days and y'all need to pay attention.


They say up y'all see bar trouble that and now aren't you women that's watching this show right now if Barack can't kick ache ain't got a damn chance ache though. She supposed to been at that damn inauguration but she wasn't there. That's one thing about a black woman when no motherfucker get mad ain't going Barack, I ain't going and she didn't go either. A rock went out there walking by his damn self waving at everybody. Shit you don't think a rock getting him something on the side. You a motherfucking lie. That's why they beefing Michelle.


If you ever see this show baby, I want you to know how hard it is for a man to be faithful. I heard. Do you understand what I'm telling you eo you see the way Barack was the president, you stayed in the White House, you ain't gotta work no more day in your life. You got a maid, you got secret services with you everywhere in the world. You like that don't you say I'm pretty sure you say yes you like the way your man Barack, he ruled the world. You like that don't you? Yes I know you do. You like the way Barack took you from nothing to something don't you? I'm pretty sure you, I'm pretty sure you'll say yes. Well so do the other hoes. These other hoes want Sheriff Barack Obama and you ought to show me you acting real motherfucking say right now.


Now you see Jacob Kke shine wheel with women in NIS ly but here she yeah that's why he mad. All all was I seen was give give with G James. Everybody shine these days. You got the shot and I know lot you motherfuckers behind been mad at Trump but that motherfucker he stopped that band on Minol cigarettes and you know you niggas love Newports. So before y'all don't criticize and jump on Trump neck, that motherfucker save y'all with the Newports. Them Newports be outta him. Trump said hold up, I got to get a black people song.


Tell them niggas they can keep the Newports. Ain't that some shit. Just saying the nigga make sure y'all can still smoke. Newports got to give it can't give nothing there up but the Newports can't stay him and that's where they stand. Yeah that's Trump in paradigm right now. If people in Hollywood can't keep see the trouble and the trouble with these women, it done went all the way to the White House now political rock and Michelle is having problems. I don't like that. First it was Remy Martin Papoose, that shit died out then when Will Smith and Jay? But that shit died out. Now it's done trickle down to Barack and Michelle. I don't like that. We need to buckle up some of these white relationships.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Jamba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com btw group. No purchase necessary board were prohibited by law sea terms and conditions.


Did you know that there's a victim of identity theft every three seconds? It's identity theft awareness week, which means it's the perfect time to protect your identity with LifeLock. Lots of places like doctor's offices and retailers can accidentally expose your personal info, leaving you open to identity threats. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second and alerts you to more uses of your personal information. And if you do become a victim of identity theft, LifeLock has professional restoration specialists with the experience and know-how to fix identity theft issues guaranteed or your money back plus plans include the million dollar protection package with up to $3 million in coverage for the most comprehensive plan. Protect yourself this Identity theft awareness week and every week of the year with LifeLock. Save up to 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/iheart. That's lifelock.com/iheart To save up to 40% terms, apply LifeLock for the threats you can't control.


This is Matt Rogers from Las Coach Reis with Matt Rogers and Bowen Yang. Save the date, prepare for chaos And get ready for your cordially invited, hilarious new movie starring comedy icons. Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon together on screen for the First time? It's written and directed by Nicholas Stoller of forgetting Sarah Marshall and Neighbors. Find Out what happens when two weddings are accidentally booked on the weekend at the same remote venue. Uhoh and a laugh out loud battle of determination and grit. The father of the bride played by Will Farrell and sister of the other bride played by Reese Witherspoon. Chaotically go head to head and will stop at nothing to pull off an unforgettable celebration for the ones they love. And if you think you've been to a wedding where crazy things happen, prepare for alligator attacks, sabotage, shipwrecks, cornhole and all star comedy cameos.


Will the couples make it down the aisle will fire regulations be violated? Find out in this perfect blend of hijinks and heartstrings it's time to RSVP for Feral versus Witherspoon in their new wedding comedy. You're cordially invited Watch January 30th on Prime video.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah, all you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast


Tony and your girl. I start bitch I don't like y'all nigga. Oh shit, it's always out in the public about what we doing this and that. You don't know know about what the white folk doing and I don't like it. Who Jerry Seinfield Park. I want know who dang living. Fuck him if he still living, I want know I'm gonna start putting these white folk bitch inside. I'm not bullshit. I'm want know Jack Nigga come out you good golf swinging motherfucker come here. I don't even know. Lemme get back to the top of your hand. Which is Sports Philadelphia Eagle beat the dog shit out Kamil.


I ain't thinking, you know what I'm saying? I ain't pick no one so I don't want, I didn't pick no one. I didn't say it was gonna be a good game. I said J Danger to him and I still believe he is him but when I say Saco bark is him, that motherfucker is him And the New York Giants are gonna let everybody go in that front office. Y'all seen the video that's going around? The man called him on the phone, told him that he still wanted to be a New York giant and they say we gonna let you test the, I can honestly say this right here today. And it's no joke if that was a black gene, that motherfucker would've been gone. He'd be in college by now. Coach ain't no motherfucking way, he'll still be in that position if there was a black man that did that.


That let Taquan Barkley go. We going, we going keep Daniel Jones and guess what? Daniel Jones ain't even no damn up that goal to show you how much them motherfuckers in that front office know. They don't know a motherfucking thing. Shaquan Barkley is the best thing they ever had to them. Philadelphia Eagles. Boy that's, that's luxury. You have to sit back and just hand that motherfucker the ball. And I'm gonna be real with y'all and I'm not hating. I think KO and Barkley got some kind of chip in him. I don't know if it's a Tesla chip or whatever it is but he got some kind of chip in him man that play 60 something motherfucker yos, you know film the commander don't watch all week to stop this man and prepare to stop this man.


And the first play of the game that the Eagles get the ball, he take you 60 something yards. Who does that? Koon barking. Motherfucker squad squatting falls. You going tell somebody that squatting cars Jay hurts the same way they pulled up all his left leg knee hurt. Wasn't nothing wrong with that nigga knee. Even though he wrong like he full old me. But wasn't nothing wrong with Jayla hurt me to me did y'all see anything wrong with his knee? But I was, I'm but I'm gonna break something down to y'all today and I know y'all all saw this.


Jalen hers did one touchdown pass, right? Show you something. How Vegas worked. They had him to throw two and a half touchdowns a day. Y'all remember the last couple times they was in the red zone, they was down on the five yard line Them motherfucker to push 75 motherfucking times. Didn't even try to throw at no goddamn mo. Tell I'm lying. Did y'all see that motherfucker would pus on like ain't never done that. That's how I know this shit read. That's all I'm saying. This shit read and I ain't saying read to what team gonna do.


I'm just saying they kind of persuade who they won in the Super Bowl rematch Andre facing this old team again. And it don't surprise me. I look man I'm just being real. I like the Eagles, I like everything they've been doing. They got the number one defense. Remember that? But you watch how they performing this motherfucking Super Bowl. I'm telling y'all this right now. Two black quarterbacks in the NFL. I love it. That's why I ain't picking no team in this. I don't have no dog in the fight. My team, I talk about them in a minute about what they did but right now two black quarterbacks Patrick p Mississippi serve her in the NFL.


This is a beautiful thing to see. It's a beautiful thing to watch young black shooter who is growing up right now. Y'all might not know there was a time where there wasn't no black quarterbacks in the NFL. You know the first black quarterback that would win the Super Bowl with Doug Williams for the Washingtons commander was Washington Redkins back then. But they don't have the Redkins name no more as the Washington commanding to see where the game has come. You remember they used to say black quarterbacks span quarterbacks, they don't make good quarterbacks, they can't think, they can't throw the ball with Patrick home. One of the best throws of the football that the game has ever seen. He came in throwing no looks and them motherfuckers didn't like it.


They said that it wouldn't work. It y'all remember that? Y'all remember what those media people were saying that it would never work. Guess what ladies and gentlemen, this man already has three Super Bowls. He's on his way to potential to win three in a row. Do you understand what I'm saying? Three in a row this Monumented that's that's iconic What this young man has been able to accomplish in this short amount of time being in in the N-F-L-I-I appreciate and Reed for going reaching out to Texas Tech where he went to college and grabbing Pat Mahomes and letting them sit up under Europe on the Alex Smith and telling Andy Smith you can go I got what got what I want.


And Patrick home and they had took, they have took off together. She kinda like Brady and Belichick. What they are building over there? The Chiefs, if they win the Super Bowl they are Dynasty and if they do win the Super Bowl I'm gonna go ahead and be real. They are America team. It will not be the Dallas Cowboys no motherfucking more but enough on the Chiefs. Let me give an Eagle State credit what they've been doing going out and getting Quan Barkley. Oh yeah that officers line the way they they they can get off gig a block get get off that block and go on to the next block That takes skills or worms. That takes agility even though they center was hurt today back hurt seven people in and outta position they don't know him to play.


That's a team that's giving all they got that center was on one motherfucking leg. He's standing trying to get it now. Them the kind of players I go on the team with me, motherfucker ain't got no leg but say fuck it, I'm I can go them the kind of people I want on my team. Them the kind of people I want around me in real life. Duh. I ain't got no fingers but I can use my tongue to type this shit up for you. Them kind mother because I want rhyme me Philadelphia Eagles want y'all and you saw it today against the Washington Commanders. Jaylen Daniel been shredding boys all, all, all the way up until the playoffs into this game they were doing their thing but Eagle beat them boy 55 pull up 55 motherfucking points on the Washington Commanders.


Y'all DO YOU HEAR ME? The Philadelphia Eagles did that and they ain't even just throwing the ball like crazy. It's the one game now Jayden Hershey do for me. He do a game where he gonna throw the ball beautifully and it just might be in the Super Bowl against the Kansas City Chiefs. I can't wait. They gonna be down there in New Orleans. I can't wait to get down there. Shout out to everybody in New Orleans. I'm having a Super Bowl party. Super Bowl watch party. You more than welcome to come. I'm gonna put the link up soon. Shout out to my people down there in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. I gotta show that Friday night down there at the Ceiling Rabbit Comedy Club.


So my people down there in Baton Rouge. I will be there February 7th at the Silly Rabbit. Grab them tickets right now. They'll be on sale tomorrow. I'll be down at the Silly Rabbit grab them tickets but now lemme switch over y'all to what the Dallas Cowboys bring out and hire. Brian shot my the the handcuffs for the Dallas Cowboy. This motherfucker ain't no coach, he no big on dusty motherfucking teams. He ain't never been a head coach. Get reason and I hate to take it there but I'm going to take it there today because somebody need to say news. Jerry Jones. Is it a problem with you hiring a black head coach?


Is it a problem long as you in NFL only the Dallas Cowboy you won't never have a blackhead coach. Is that a motherfucking problem? I'd rather go out and get Rex Ryan than to get this shit right here. Rex Ryan is proven like Michael Irv ain't been 30 motherfucking years we've been in room and you go out and get this sack of shit. You might as well kept K belly ass up. Who we just got rid of McCarthy. You might as well kept him. I'm seeing I just seen a season ticket owner for 20 years.


Y'all see it? He's no longer doing it right now. No longer a season ticket. Hold the cowboy no more 'cause he don't like what Jerry Jones is doing with the Dallas Cowboy and rightfully so. We got to hear Jerry Jones in his motherfucking pockets and his pockets is deep and they're deep. But if we stop going to them games, stop buying that bullshit ass merch, he'll go out and find a good motherfucking coach to coach this motherfucking team. I've with Prime time. Okay you don't want prime time. Cool and go Rex Ryan out there. He had Lovey Smith black. My bad. He don't want no black coach y'all he already done showed us that. He showed us that in that picture in the sixties.


You can say what you want. Say he could say what he gonna say. I don't just being curious. You a motherfucking liar So you curious to George now see we let a lot of shit, we speak a lot of shit up on them rug. I'm no longer doing that. I told y'all I could see better than I can Motherfuck Hill and I see Google shit written on Jerry Jones. Maybe it's old age, maybe he got dementia. But what they got to say about Steven Jones and his team y'all he let de Henry go get him then you wanna put all the pressure on that. That ain't that motherfucking good y'all get because you make a man the highest played football player in the world don't mean he the best.


I don't even know what to say no more about the Dallas Cowboys y'all. I don't. I'm done talking about them. Sorry motherfucker. Now let's talk about my labels. I know y'all seen bro old years old. Why are we still holding LeBron James who's 40 years old took us to the same to the same standards as if he's 21 years old. We didn't hold Michael Jordan to them standard when he was 40. Jordan was 40. He was just 40. Well how he trying to hold LeBron at 40 years old as as if he's still in his prime. No that don't do that. LeBron done done what he supposed to do. Whether you think he the go or not or whether Jordan go you ain't nothing wrong can do but the hate, the slammer he get is totally bullshit Now I get it man.


He be doing all that crime. I get it. But same way Michael Jordan helped to leave. LeBron helped to lead too. Them boys wasn't getting no big contract until LeBron them did what they did. Now all of them boys eating now. Yeah Michael would get dirty me in the year this and that because he didn't really make no money in them years like the league been getting over so they had to get that one. Hey we we gonna miss him when he gone. We gonna Ms. Curry when he gone. We gonna miss Ke Dolan when he gone. We going miss these kind of players man you know we got the ant mans now we got the trigger finger on job week.


We got, we got, we got Shay, we got Luka, we got, we got some players but players like LeBron I don't think we'll ever see again ever man went to 10 straight final even though he didn't win all 10 but he went to 10 straight finals. I don't just don't think we just going ever see it again. Sometime we gonna like to give PE people get credit man that's just like we're gonna like to give people get flowers when they're alive. We rather somebody to die before like damn man nigga really a good dude. Oh man, maybe she was a, she was a good person. Why can't we give people get flowers when they're alive? Is it because y'all say oh man Jordan say he was dope and bruise the bru say he's go what LeBron can say. What do you want to say y'all mean to tell me Y'all don't think Eminem you going, y'all don't think Eminem feel like he the he the go.


I'm telling you right now Eminem feel like she the best rapper ever. Whether you agree with him or not, he got the numbers now I'm not lying around Bump no motherfucker Eminem, I'm gonna be one hungry but that gonna mean he can't rap though. I'm not, I be the motherfucker can rap but he ain't getting no play in my mother fucking car. I can get that Coke vaccine before I play some motherfucker m that's just me. That gonna mean he not a great rap. That's all I'm saying can because he wipe that mean he can't rap. No and y'all think the all white party is political? No it was all white party night up there in the goddamn street in Kansas City. You taking Taylor Swift now up there. What now nigga in sight some nigga will come around, they sweep they room went to jail.


Taylor Swift up in that mother. I know that room smell like apple flip. I ain't bullshit. I know that room smell like Apple Frier and, and and and and beer and this. That's what that what? That what smell Like I'm telling you never seen Taylor Swifton came and Kelsey alive. The motherfucker been here. See what you want about Taylor Swift. That motherfucker is a wing. She's a woman. Shout out to Kanye too. Kanye was back on his feet. I know y'all seen it. Net worth over $2.7 billion. Oh net worth over 2.7. And they just told us eight months ago this man was crazy.


A digs tried to bankrupt him. Look where he at now. He stayed down. Stayed true to what he was, he was lashing out. Oh he's crazy. He need his medicine. That motherfucker ain't crazy. Kanye West know exactly what's going on. He said y'all wasn't going plan that. What happened man? When you believe in yourself man and what the because the whole world was against him but Kanye believed it. Yay. I'm gonna keep pushing him back. What Sway said you can do it yourself now. Yay. Really saying yeah you was right. You had the answer sway you damn right you did. That's all I'm telling y'all here today. You can do this shit yourself. It gonna take a little help. You can do it yourself. We ain't looking for no motherfucking handouts.


We going and get it. I'm not home. I don't need nobody to call my phone and and wake me up in the morning. Long as God wake me up, I'm gonna set my time. I'm gonna to get my own ass up and go to get it. You gotta stop waiting around for people to do shit for us. Ain't nobody going to do shit for you. You a grown ass man. Some of you still living in the home with your mama. It's time to get your ass out the house. You ain't got no, you ain't got no disabilities to get your ass out your house with your mama and go to get it


Looking for excitement. Jumbo Casino is here, play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Cmba life@cmbacasino.com Pgw group. No purchase necessary board. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.


This is Matt Rogers from Las Coach Reis with Matt Rogers and Bowen Yang. Save the date, prepare for chaos And get ready for your cordially invited, hilarious new movie starring comedy icons. Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon together on screen for the First time? It's written and directed by Nicholas Stoller of forgetting Sarah Marshall and Neighbors. Find Out what happens when two weddings are accidentally booked on the weekend at the same remote venue. Uhoh and a laugh out loud battle of determination and grit. The father of the bride played by Will Ferrell and sister of the other bride played by Reese Witherspoon Chaotically Go head to head and we'll stop at nothing to pull off an unforgettable celebration for the ones they love. And if you think you've been to a wedding where crazy things happen, prepare for alligator attacks, sabotage, shipwrecks, cornhole and all star comedy cameos. Will the couples make it down the aisle? We'll fire regulations be violated. Find out in this perfect blend of hijinks and heartstrings it's time to RSVP for Feral versus Witherspoon in their new wedding comedy. You're cordially invited. Watch January 30th on prime video.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply C app for details.


Go and giggy you a man. Be a leader. You got children. Be legal to 'em. Show 'em what it is. These children need luck up y'all cussing them out. Smoking weed around them bringing holes around. It's time we do building in front of our children. Listen to they old bullshit. Add music in front of 'em. It's time we do better in front of our children. That's the reason why they act the way they act 'cause they see what we doing then when they cook up. We mad at man I don't know why they doing 'cause they seen you do it. Lot of you women done had 75 niggas singing Not the house. When your dog will grow up now she ahoe you mad at her when she got it from your ho has baby.


It's time for mothers to be mus. Time to be mus. Time to teach the young girls how to wipe from front to back, not back to front. That's why the cat polluted mustardy. These holy young girls don't know how to fucking white. It ain't, they thought they ain't been taught shit. Got to go back to the teaching game. And I know a lot of these young men don't want to hear us OG but you motherfuckers going to listen or you going to jail or you gonna be in their grave or but y'all going listen some motherfucking body we be trying to help y'all. Y'all think we hating on anybody?


Hating on y'all. We been where you we been. Where you going? You understand we been where you going? Same way the football night y'all. Why y'all keep trying to make Josh Allen the savior running the ball. You got the one game going. Keep handing it to him and handing it to him. And when Sha kill the city, stack the box. That's when you play action. Now you can throw it over but it's hard to throw the ball when they know you going to throw a ball. My dumb ass know this. I know y'all know this in the excuse the same thing Rex re Rex Allen said earlier, I don't know if y'all watching FL Countdown, he was talking about the Philadelphia Eagles and he said AJ Brown only run three routes, slant the out and the fade.


And that's the guy that untrue them. The only three routes I been seen AJ Brown run. So if you gonna think the Kansas City Chiefs know that. You gonna think Andy Reed, Steve Magnolia them is is putting a game plan together. They going to make Jalen Hearst beat them. They not, they not gonna let say go and beat. They gonna make Jalen Hurs beat them. And that's why I don't understand what the Buffalo Bills did tonight. Maybe it's inexperience but y'all been on the Edge Buffalo for a couple of years of trying to give, give little hump and it still ain't happening yet. Who knows, y'all might not never get back in this position.


Y'all know injuries happen to every team. Ain't no guarantee y'all gonna get back in the same position. It's just not anything can happen. Somebody hella radios might go on run next year. You we don't know. We dunno. But it could happen. That's the reason why I'm telling y'all here today. Stop crying. No time is hard. Stop complaining. Ain't going to change shit. Stop worrying about what's going on up there in the White House. It ain't going to change. Shit. Keep doing, you keep taking care of your family and everything. Gonna work yourself out. I'll been upset. I done lost my jaw, jaw Jack.


You know I got, I got kids watching the show. I gotta be slip for house. Say certain down. I my my bitch y'all on. Yeah. Bernie Mac, OIPI lost my lost her. I'm hurting. Call her mama looking for or even call her funky as daddy ass. Have he seen me, he ain't heard from. So I'm looking for that motherfucker. I'm not letting him go for me. She, I'm not, y'all know I've been getting the best sleep ever in my life. When she come see me, when I don't see or hear from her, I, I hurt my chest hurt because I know somebody else enjoying her right now.


And I don't like that. I'm supposed to be the only one feeling good. My toe's supposed to be curling right now. I'm supposed to have my finger in my thumb but I can't have that right now 'cause I don't know what she at. We got into an argument. She told me, oh well she done with me. And I was like, okay, bye. But that didn't mean so baby girl, if you watching this show, bring your ass back home. I'm gonna take, I'm I'm I'm gonna take you to Red Lobster again. I promise I'm gonna take you back to Red Lobster. What? Whatever you want baby. You can get it. What you want a new car? What you want? They gotta dodge Durango right now. 2015 Dodge Durango for $5,000. I I'll buy cash right now.


You got 300,000 miles on it. But I can't give a damn. I'll put you on, put you in it right now. And that little mountain bike you on it. I had a rack on top of it. You put it up there and ride your bike, run your way back home baby. Valentine's Day round away. I got you some chocolate. A ticket burn. I want you one them th favorite thongs. I like you ain't got, you know what color I like, I want you to wear got my teeth done mama. I'm gonna go on your ass. I can't wait to use them. Do you hear? Sorry y'all got a little carried away because you know when you, when you lose a good one, man, it, it, it, it it bothers you.


And I know my Buffalo beer fan. I know y'all feel like this was y'all here. I know y'all hurting right now but it's gonna be okay. I know my commander fan you wasn't even supposed to be here but you was him. So let's be thankful you got, you got your future quarterback in down, you got your head coach. All you got to do now is just add, just add to it just like life right now. You getting a little traction in life. Keep adding to it. Keep adding to it. It's gonna to get bigger and Bella real talk just show it being presented by prospect in case y'all didn't know that barcode right there. All you gotta do is scan it man. I'm been put people on game and they been eating too. Type in trash on two Hs.


Put $5 in, you get 50. Don't miss out on this money man. I I done told their ass up this weekend. I'm want 1800 this weekend. I'm not bullshitting. And you begg more or less on your favorite player. That's all Super Bowl. Don't miss out. Don't you miss out on this? Don't you miss out. You could be running up a bag and I want y'all to do something for me too. My fans when y'all win you ain't gotta tell me what you want but DM ain't letting me know you won. I can give you a shout out on here and let the people know prospects is real man. Real talk And if you need help whistle picks I let YI give y'all some pics. I ain't tripping. Some of 'em I give right. Some of 'em give my own now I can't pick the football team to win for shit but when it come to these stats I'm winning on that.


I'm mostly this basketball or football. I'm winning on them before saying who gonna win. I ain't worth a damn on that department. I'm just gonna be honest boy. Prize pickle. Turn their ass up if you can't watch my show sometimes and all you can do is listen go to Apple podcast and Spotify type in the bubble up show. Just get these downloads up. If you watching the show now you should done hit the like but you should be in the comedy section right now man. Sharpen it up with your boy man. Yeah let's get the bubble do show in the algorithm we got over 424,000 Subscribe and spank you. But the views need to match though. Real talk. The vision need to sneak, need to reflect that.


Mr. Gibbon appreciate it. Real talk but the, it makes no sense. A person like me go so hard for y'all man. The views got need we, we need to do better on that. And I'm on the wig Warrens tour, it's starting this week. I'll be in Minnesota February for we Warrens tour. Mike Epps hosting. Yeah that country Wayne on the show Mojo Brooks, Corey Holcomb, Tony Robs, Carlos Miller, Lil Duval, Yale. And you got me get there early if you come to see you. Boy I told y'all that First time being on a big tour, they got me going up like second or third or wherever they got me going. Get there early and come support your boy. I will have merch on deck too. Can't wait to see y'all.


I'm ready to get out there and show my motherfucking skills 'cause this is what I do. I can't play no ball, I can't do none of that. But getting on that motherfucking stage is my Super Bowl. Every time I'm on stage it's my Super Bowl. Come out and support your boy. It's all I had. Don't hurt nothing to support you boy. That's all I'm saying. Real up talk part the show we do the hell no set. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Hell Ain somebody shit me questions. I'll let y'all know whether that's hell no or not real talk. Somebody hit me up the other day. Bo do would you ever do a threesome with your girl? Let another dude come here.


Hell no. Not doing no threesome with no nigga. If I gonna be another woman, another dude never don't play like that. I talk a lot of shit. I say I'm a player. I I'm a player but I be like let somebody knock my girl sheep don't mad crying like her mother that me. I don't give a damn if I hoe but let a nigga knock my ho sheep. I'm mad. Oh shit. Crying. I'm threatening that motherfucking ho. I ain't lying. I'm not a woman. She bitch take your life from you. Even though I'm lying though. But I'm gonna say it to her bitch I kill you.


I kill myself. Hope it's all jokes. They just shit. I say to just try to make her feel sorry for what she done. But these hoes don't really care man. Do you think they don't? Girl those hurt your motherfucking feelings. Tell you it's your thought that they she love you. Make it feel like you done something wrong. You ain't done shit wrong but help this motherfucker. You took out her mama house, got her a car, now she got money now. Now she's shopping now and these hoes still going open. They legs off for another nigga. We we not gonna gonna sash them.


We not gonna leave motherfucker. No we gonna JC please. You don't deserve no Gucci Gucci bags. You want Gucci bags but you pussy. No. So the lift what you was, sorry y'all got a little carried away. I do have from time to time on this show, sometimes you got to show people who you really are because they'll try. People will try you out here and you got to let 'em know trash other day going to the Buffalo beef, trying to turn Josh album into a month and stop.


Stop. You gonna be mad at anybody. Be mad at yourself. Sean Derman the head coach Blame you. You had the game, you had the defending champs on the ropes and you let them off the hook. Growing pains though. But y'all talked to me tonight though man. Y'all, y'all, y'all let me know how y'all saw the game tonight. Was it just that chance Kansas City was the better team or was it that coaching or was it that y'all feel like the refs played a part in this? I know I said earlier, like I said, I I said the refs missed that call on that. I do feel like that was a first down by Jas Allen. Now that don't mean that they got that first down that they will won.


I just feel like they missed that call. But I'm gonna be honest, ref's gonna miss some calls that they just name of the game. But they always seem like Kansas City just, they always get the best. Like you look at the stats. If you look at it, they gonna say that it was like, I think Kansas City maybe had six penalties and the Buffalo Bills had five penalties. But it's the yardage. I think Kansas City had what, six penalties for 21 yards. And the Buffalo Bills had five penalties for 48 yards. That's a big difference in yardage. Charles, same seem like when they'll miss a call for Buffalo, but they gonna catch it for Kansas City cease the face mask like every little little thing.


They gonna catch it for the Chiefs and not for the be, they just would've seem like maybe 'cause the Chiefs always winning and it just seem that way. But I don't wanna take nothing away from the Chiefs and what they've been able to accomplish. It's been a beautiful thing. You know, never going to be a Hager like talk down, never gonna be a Hager to the fact that this man has the potential to win three, three Super Bowls in a row, three MVPs in a row. If possible. I would have to say P will be the goat. Some of y'all might beg to differ, but it's never been done three in a row. Don't forgive me. Brady won his first one. He was what, 10, 11 years before he won another one.


Think about that. He ain't even got Tyreek Hill over no more. You don't even know who he throwing the ball to no more because Travis kiss ain't even the same. He doing this by committee. Everybody getting the ball over Worthy Hopkins or what's his name? PP Pachinko. Whatever his motherfucking name or Hollywood Brown was on the night. We ain't hear from Hollywood Brown in six months. But he was on the night though. I told y'all when p was playing like p it's gonna be hard to beat the Chiefs. It really is. Well let's see what the Eagles can do in the Super Bowl. Let's see. Can they run that ball to keep the ball outta Mahomes hand? Because when Mahomes got the ball in his hand, y'all, it's hard to stop.


It's like a machine going down. Now he looking at that damn playbook book and Henry we got, and whoever defense you in, they going to explore at that shoot. They, they going to explore that. Man. It's a beautiful thing to watch them boys play real talk. But once again, thank y'all for tuning into the Bubble Dub show. Y'all been, y'all been great tonight, but remember man, hit that light bud. Make sure y'all subscribe man. Keep your notifications on man and I'm gonna see y'all when I see y'all, man. Real talk with love and peace of mouth. One, The Volume. I'm Peter Schrager. Host a Good Morning football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details.


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Oasis Hotels and resorts. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Btw Group. No purchase necessary Board web prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.