
John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. Find resources to help you support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Dot org, that's sounded out together. Dot org brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal


The Volume. What's up everybody? Man? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. I, I know tonight we late but we just got through watching the Lakers mouths do they thing. Hey, good game. Before I even get to that man, hit the like button. Make sure you hit the subscribe button man.


Make sure you keep your notifications turned on man. If you ain't already had, make sure you can already sign up with prize picks man. Make sure you gonna sign up with prize picks. Real Talk man. You could be you. You betting more or less on your favorite. Play over though man. For $5 in you get 50. So if you watching this show right now like Doug, what you talking my prize pick. Go get the prize picks right now man. Type in my promo code trash with the two Hs. Boom you in now. Put $5 in. Boom. You getting 50, do that for you boy.


Now before I even get to tonight's show, You know it's been a lot of talking, been a lot of rums going on. I I never address certain things. I, I I I just let people talk man. That's just what people do. God is good man. God is able. I wouldn't be where I'm at now. I won't be for God in my, in my fan base. I wanna say I thank y'all, I love y'all but I need y'all to do me a favor here tonight. Just being 100 with y'all man way I'm feeling. You know God has blessed me man. And and and I'm feeling great. You know what I'm talking about. I'm just, I'm looking for a writer. I'm looking for a writer to come over here on the BDE team and I got 15,000 cash right now. Come on over here, write some jokes with me.


We can collaborate and god damn it, we can go to the top. So put the word out. I got $15,000 cash right now boy. New writer. A one that ain't gonna talk back. A one that ain't gonna be dis a motherfucker gonna be here with me to the Indian. Find him. Huh? Him whoever. I got $15,000 right out God damn right. Gotta worry about taxes no goddamn mo come let me come, let me now let's get to this game tonight. The goddamn goddamn Lakers had me scared, Kyrie was getting off. Kyrie had 35 damn points. Y'all I was scared we had a 16th one lead and lost it.


That damn Kyrie was shaking and baking. I thought I watched damn one mistake tonight where Kyrie was getting off all of it. Let's get to Luca. My boy had a triple double no doubt about it but Luca rung up and down the court like he got fifth degree burns on bottom of his damn feet. Hey y'all seen the way Luca, Luca moving that motherfucker him, I think he got screws or something going on with his feet. I don't know but they need to get that fixed shit fixed now. Triple double man motherfucker the siren triple double we ever had our damn line but I'm thankful though we won. Look got the play better than that bullshit right there God Airball seven threes that the Dallas local that that married local playing fucking Lakers motherfucker like he on with look on weather.


So I know you sad and you you got traded but that shit over. You gotta shake it off. You gotta shake it off. I'm just saying you got certain shit you gotta shake off. Everything ain't gonna go your way. It ain't in life. Everything ain't gonna go your way in life man. But you gotta shake that shit out. Look you, you, you, you a professional. You over there with LeBron James, God damnit you over there with Kareem. My dude Jab Bone the bitch over Jack Nicholson in the stand. Coco Brown and the how old of celebrities is at them LA game you got to come out Baldly, you gonna take three 45 million match motherfucker you gotta come out balding and I'm loving what I'm saying from ar Austin Reed what him and Ruy being able to do if you watch these games, they been able to consistently hit open shots and that's what's helping the Lakers out bro because the man fought they way all the way back into that game but every time they got close ru ar made a shot and that's what it takes now.


I didn't like tonight LeBron doing all that motherfucking crying. Bam. You you bam you fault it if you crying that mean hurt. Don't cry. Oh stop. All that guy didn't cry you 6 9 2 75 pounds got Batman, Superman brain motherfucker stop you even Luke back crying again getting Ps and shit. Yeah real talk Look JJ you gotta talk to your two star LeBron and Luke. Yes y'all Lee Luca, that's y'all new name Lee Luca, y'all some bad motherfuckers but when y'all crying y'all not getting back on defense.


We giving up easy socks and transgender we can't our that we here for one motherfucking thing. Let's get to the championship now we ready to get to the championship, we want to get to the dance. I want to get to the goddamn dance and dance like Chris Brown. That's what I want do and when Trump dropping them taxes, everybody hit me up for fucking money. If I owe you you never going to get it. Never going to get it. Never going to get it. Don't get it. I ain't got my taxes. I'm not paying real cry about your won.


I don't give a damn get no money if you been doing it for me, keep doing it nigga. I done took this set to SpaceX. You gonna do something for me, do it again. I'm gonna take it to Pluto nigga. Yeah come look I'm loving what I'm seeing from my Lakers. Normally Lakers let teams come back and they'll lose certain game this game. They ain't let that happen. They won the game. Yes. Anthony Davis didn't play for the mouse. I'm a realist. I'll never get on this show and be on bullshit. Listen to hear me be honest with y'all. Anthony Davis come back for them. Damn. Average the Maverick gonna be the thing to beat.


I'm just being honest. We ain't got nobody over there for that motherfucking union brow. Nobody we that's just being real. But what we do got is that we know that motherfucker will get hurt. We know he'll get out the bed rolling the ice. We know that that's one thing we got on outside when it come to Anthony Day because we ain't got no answer for him. He's not it. He make me mad no motherfucking time. Seven feet can't catch the ball. Clumsy, violent looking around. I ain't do that motherfucker. You did, did you did that kind come on dog.


I don't understand this shit sometimes. I know ain't nobody perfect bro. It's all professors. I know the Lakers not gonna win every game. Come on now we we all know. We know they gonna lose some game. We know some games that they ain't gonna play good. We know that but just what I'm just looking at now from local and just Body Life got a new haircut. Cool but nigga your feet still bad like fuck getting a haircut nigga go get a arm bag curl some shit. Get your feet right babe. Let them damn up you nigga Soul Deshaun I seen them no Lord forgive me Shaun Washington ain't got nothing to do with this shit. Justin Tucker come on that damn kicker up there in Baltimore been getting off and y'all ain't been wanting to say nothing about the ESPN but damn it.


I'm gonna talk about it tonight. Justin. Justin Tucker done fun of 75 women allegedly. You supposed be kicking the ball nigga you kicking the ho. Stop it What you need with all that damn Messiah, you a kiker. You ain't taking no kind of pun. What you doing in the training room nigga? You get your ass out there and kick the ball, do squats and shit. Got these women out here feeling on your hamstring. Boy stop this, y'all drag the deun was it? God I'm gonna drag Justin Tucker. I don't want, I don't want the NFL to talk about nothing but Justin Tucker in these damn allegations.


Damn sicko. That's what a sicko poor women whoever you are, you poor women. I pray God hold y'all at night. Pray God reached out and touch y'all with the finger of love. Y'all, y'all don't deserve that man. Justin Tucker allegedly so. Oh my god I can't believe this y'all this is this, this is beautiful. Justin Tucker a thug. He's a goddamn thug. That's what it is. And Jason Fat lock. Why you ain't talking about, you talk about everything else nigga you get your big subway sandwich eating as up off this goddamn internet and go on your show and talk about goddamn Justin talker.


That's what I want you to do. Nickel your grandparents roll on they motherfucking grave where you at against us. You get that. You just act like you ain't wanna be black. Come on fam. That ain't player. Bitch is yourself. You ain't be nobody ever be yourself. I ain't never seen nothing like that in my life. Y'all. I'm be honest, I ain't never seen nothing like that in my life. Now I seen the Memphis drizzly do they thing tonight. Ja Morant. Hey back balling. Y'all can say what y'all want. Buy trigger Moran balling again Dr. Swag back.


I know he got a new AR right now. It it, it, it it is crib and he can't wait to show me that that that Jain do his thing. He ain't did nothing wrong. He ain't wrote no law and then y'all gave on a dime and no let that man do his thing. He ain't got harming nobody. Hey man he play a ball out man. Boy I love see some competition man. I love to see players going back and forth but Kyrie wasn't bullshitting me. Luca either. Come on goddamn. Luca got hat bugger on this shoe where Kyrie had him sliding all across the floor. Shit Kyrie I I I think Kyrie done got hit in his face or something. That boy face was bruised up like a month. I don't know what went on with Kyrie boy you that saved you burning boy you need boy you need to put some lotion or something.


Something on your face man that shit somebody beating you up. I don't like that. I like all that. I fuck with Kyrie a real cool guy. I met him up there in Dallas man we probably playing for a hundred thousand but shit, shit I ain't put nowhere on a hundred thousand or no Kyrie shit. Kyrie worth a hundred Kyrie worth 300 million shit a hundred thousand dollars ain't shit to Kyrie shit. I look at a hundred thousand dollars shit my kids can cancel crooks ain't no damn way I'm going do that. Warriors are looking good. I ain't gonna lie man. Jimmy Butler done brought a different dimension to the Golden State Warriors over there and right now Ky, I mean right now Curry cooking.


Oh it's Curry cooking in that bay right now. Too short back in the studio again and Mr. Fab them E 40 they feeling good up there but guess what they ain't going do a damn thing they can't left with Flaco. I'm the big dog in the West Lakes. I don't wanna give us our credit but God damnit we going, we the big dogs over there. We running this shit the best. We in Cali. I forgot Best we Number one rapper in the world right now is wrong Cali nigga come Kenrick come here.


Y'all forgot Hey I've been hot for the last six months y'all stop playing with me man. Y'all stop playing with me by my Lakers dog. Y'all play with me by them Cowboy but y'all ain't gonna play with me by these motherfucking Lakers. We making shit happen over there. Oh it ain't gonna work between him and Luka trash shit working not great for me. I just need Luka to put some goddamn B12 party match potatoes and godda. We going be all right once Luca get that guy can't be stopped. Yeah once he get that it's the too, it's over.


He in the right mother spot when I come up there. You know I'm talking that talk right there front row Camille, what's up? I'm looking at my Tupac. Who looking at his homeboy to get ready to do his bro. Handle your business. Handle your business playing with y'all. This sure man I been crying for four years about these Lakers now I ain't gonna figure be crying no more. Fucking more we gonna win. Cousin done hit me up man y'all gotta listen to this shit here bro. This this story time with dub man y'all, y'all gotta hit this shit.


Nah man this shit is ridiculous man. My cousin done hit me up talking about she manifested her dream job motherfucker you ain't still got now application. Why you lying on guy? Why you lying on guy? Stop it talking my fam. I don't only date me   now but yesterday you were just hitting me up talking about you need $8 worth of gas on cash out. Stop it, stop, stop Man. People lie about anything man. I I don't even mother get it. You dating Millionaire but you bombing $8 for me on my motherfucking face.


I'm not finna play with y'all no more. That's something I ain't gonna do man. When somebody hit you up calling you lying. You gotta let 'em know right there. Stop prove it. That's what you gotta tell people sometimes. Prove it nigga ain't prove I want facts. You ain't got no motherfucking facts. I don't want hear. I don't want hear sip of my cousin. Her shit lying to my ain't them. Yep I've been going to the track every day. No you ain't been going to that dope pile every other day putting that shit up your nose. That's what you been doing. He called and told me You know your cousin on that shit bullshit.


He showed me footage. He showed me footage of you going back and forth over there to his house look like cow's grazing grass where you keep going over there. He ain't got more his damn yard no more because you keep coming back in over every day. You, you, you mowing the trail down for one thing. You get your pottery nose ass somewhere down, sit down somewhere but you have a whole family s sagging sick and trying to figure out what's going on with you and you don't want to tell 'em the truth that your ass on power. You won't fucking hoe you gonna lose weight that bad you won't be fine that bad that you get your ass on that pile to stop it. And I know what next you gonna call me lying. Somebody broke in my eyes and stole my furniture. Who you sold it.


You sold that goddamn you sold it might broke your house. Wasn't nothing in that motherfucker to begin with. Now you gonna call around got the whole family upset, somebody done broke eyes. We ain't gonna be doing all that we a family. No we ain't. We wasn't no motherfucker family when I was down there in jail y'all motherfucker didn't wanna come get me out. We wasn't family then and we ain't family now ain't some amazing how God change shit. I used to go to jail, nobody wanted to call and get me out. Leave in now now the good Lord bless me, you mofo wanna call me. Hey fa ain't gonna call for 1500 to get 'em out.


I'm not running down now. I'm not sending no money, I'm not doing nothing.


Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights speaking in public the list of fears is endless but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep. The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving. Eyes forward, don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Not gonna I didn't no nigga outta jail. I'm buying some four JI in the morning and I'm wrapping my call. Shit my new answer. I ain't got it. You ain't got no mother contract saying I gotta give it to you. You ain't gonna leave ain't my I ain't child support. You ain't getting no support. I'm out here getting no I ain't gonna put you on child support bed. New being for thug New Escalade for Thug New. How for Thug knew everything Please put me on child support.


It's over motherfucker. Show y'all motherfuckers how to really get out here and bow. Sit back, watch not pull up in this goddamn slate. Call me sound. I got gifts for each and every one of y'all that been rocking with me. I got gifts for each and every one of y'all. Oh me sound man. I don't know why these nigga one, these coach longest Andre man walking with no young nigga. Them young niggas so they ain't doing no I'm on they I told y'all, my nephew told me you shit one day nigga I peel your cabbage back. Shit. My nephew had to say to me, you gonna do what you going shit lemme go ahead and give you two or $300 nephew.


You hold it down out here and shit. I get what you later. I ain't gonna bitch scare that nigga. My sister called me. Your nephew down here cutting up. Shit. You better call them folks. You better call the parole officer. Don't call me. I'm not coming down no fucking with them. I seen what nothing them did to somebody about a month ago. Shit that could have been me uncle. He my nephew told me boy I put something on your ass. I say nigga I believe and I ain't going find out either shit. I'm gonna call mama and tell her on your ass boy. Talking about putting your hands on me. I raised you new. I should change your diaper now you got in front of your homeboy talking about you'll beating my ass. Shit I know you will. Shit got on in my car and got the hell on the pot.


Shit I'm then, You know now don't call me telling me what my nephew doing. I don't give a damn. He gonna play by the same rules I play by. He gonna cri nothing about all that shit. You don mind going to jail. You don't care. You show me that God damn you ain't gotta show me but one time who you're and I believe who you're you. You see people will showing you who they really are. I'm telling you that right now. Now people will show you who they really motherfucking. No don't argue with 'em. Don't talk about 'em. Just love them and keep on doing your thing. Motherfucker show you who they is. Boy I'm not bullshiting. I met a motherfucking hoe. I knew she wasn't a but motherfucking hoe got tried to turn into a motherfucking highwire but they goddamn head. She put that head on me.


I was running around here looking for her in the daytime with a flash. Like what that bitch check. I know she in here somewhere. I know she here I'm look she was in the car with another trick getting off. I'm beating on the door man you can't do that. I do what hell I want that motherfucker made my eye roll back of my head. I want that feeling again. I left work early early for that shit. Jerry where you going? I got to go family emergency. I'm riding around looking for that hole rolled around the hole. North side of Houston. Looking for that motherfucker. Come here do that. What you did to I'm gonna die the other night. I want do it to do it again.


I don't believe you can make me feel like that again. Yeah I can. How much? 60 I got 63. 63. Come on AC broke cold. I'm in them FARs. You know that AC blow different than the regular car than them far them FARs that motherfucker broke extra Come bitch ain't never been on level like that before. I'm in that motherfucker showing out too. Real tall. Damn getting off. I'm talking about ging me she baby I call her baby PR. Where she going down You whole ain't you baby? Yeah I am.


Smile when you eating me up. McDonald's come here. Yeah that be juicy me up like I'm that Sprite, McDonald's, she got me extra charged doing shit. I don't ever do. I got they hair. I went to the gym start working now. Shit I'm in that whole doing crunches and everything and my, I'm in buying them high ass shakes. They be selling shit Make me feel good. My mama called me. How you doing baby You feeling good? Hell nah mama. I'm feeling crazy. But what done got you ho boy? You done found You know and did and did shit.


I better stop playing shit. That's why I bought goddamn damn truck to drop them taxi boy this niggas trying to kill me behind money. Shit ain't got I started, I bought all this shit. Do it again so I can buy some out. Ain't nothing like bawling baby shit. What I tell boy I ain't got no money the next we if you don gimme some pussy on credit, it's your fault by you do that. I told no you can't gimme no pusy on credit bitch I'm not gonna pay you. I owe you. You pissed. You did it last time and you did and you gave it to me again.


I'm addicted now. Oh yeah. I don't like changes. I'm addicted to the hit. Oh yeah I feeling no Rob man I seen some reports going on by Shado sandal that he not that he's not gonna top five pick. I don't I that's one thing I don't like is the hate that Shado Sanders receiving because of his father. We all know Shado Sanders can ball. He ain't no fast motherfucker. He ain't got primetime speed. That motherfucker got slot speed. We know that. That motherfucker got Tom Brady in township the way he can see the field where he can ball placement where he can put the ball here and there and the motherfucker got intelligence.


That's something you can't teach man. The attributes, the awareness that Shado Sanders has in that pocket. He pours he I can see that young man sit in the pocket and take punishment and delivering the ball and coach that if I'm in the NFL team in the NFL and I need a quarterback, that's the motherfucker I'm going to get him and Cam Moore them the two motherfuckers I'm going to get. I might not win off the back but God damnit we going to sell some tickets. You know everybody know the NFL is all about selling tickets and and and and ratings and going on with this and that. You gonna see Titan. Y'all want go get, I'm only saying this, if you want something bad enough you going to giggle.


You work for it baby. Ain't nobody going to give it to you man. This shit is hard motherfucking work. And what your daughter Sandra been doing since a was young kid all the way up to Peewee and all the way up to now. It's fucking phenomenal. But the hate he get because of his father. It's ridiculous man. Primetime not got the one out there playing primetime. Done did his thing. He can't do nothing else man. It's his son And And then y'all were hating on on Shiloh what he was doing but y'all didn't talk about how he bawled out at that camp. Y'all didn't talk about that. Y'all ain't talk about how Jimmy Horn Jr was getting off. Y'all don't even talk about that. Y'all talk about everything else but let's talk about the positive. I don't wanna hear nothing negative no more. I wanna hear nothing but positive.


Great attitude, great bias. The people around me, I don't wanna hear no negativity. I don't wanna hear no crying. I want people doing they motherfucking job. Niggas don't wanna do they goddamn job no more nigga plus be working in computers but you wanna be my driver. Stick behind the and do your thing. Zs not playing they roles, women not playing they roles. You supposed to be at the house keeping that motherfucker clean. But you out here by when I got the one on that ain't late at night if you don't walk up and touch me and it wasn't me.


They say you was over such and high, such and such high baby. That shit is ai. I would never go over that whole house. I would get a room but that was AI let's you gotta baby with me. That's ai. Them text messages, that's ai. All that shit. Ai. Y'all be believing that shit man. People be fabricating all that shit man. Not me. That's what you gotta tell. Not me, not I, I would never, I would never good me my baby even I lie to you meantime this time I'm serious this time. For real. Look I'm crying. I on my kids nigga be lying on their kids everyth on my kids baby.


I ain't do it. That's what you gotta do because them hoes will do the same thing to you. Man. Them hoes will lie. Cry walk up down the street, go lie, do all this and that and they the one cheat and the ones who done done wrong. Watch them. Them motherfuckers scare me. Come motherfucker. Right. That scare me. Or a female who will lay up in your motherfucking bed and and full of your groceries and texting other people. That's a dangerous motherfucker right there. Oh that's dangerous. How y'all feel about a person? A female Do you like that? You done dig everything for this hungry motherfucking baboon And she laying up in the bed, she texting her nigga thinking about you boo.


You wasn't thinking about that when you eat my rot tail dip. Yeah I bought that ground meat. You know what I'm saying? I I, I wrote, I bought that ro rot tail tomatoes DI bought that, bought that taco season and go on in bought that goddamn ba bigga cheese, ba big ba bigga cheese six for a block seed ain't gonna be my bed boy and nigga what I kill. See hell yo bro got off in the for that's what bro do say bro ain't clutch say rung ain't gonna close but all he did was score 15 points in the fourth quarter and now a doubters. The hagers gonna say ad wasn't there.


Well if ad was there he would've had 30. You know You know when You know, You know when the lights is bright that's when that's when the LeBron shine the most. And that's what some of us gotta do in life. When the devil come around and when the darkness come around man all jokes aside, you gotta sign bright than you ever signed before. You know I prayed to God for moments like this. I prayed to God that to bless me be a star. He didn't say a storm wasn't gonna come with it though. So there's no need for me to get up here ever complain about anything going on in my life man. I pray for this. I gotta deal with whatever coming my way. That's just what it is man. But it's always been with great intent.


It's always been with love. It'll never be hate. I'll never slam under nobody's name. I'll never say name. That ain't say that ain't high road. I'm a man. I'm a man. I don't, I don't roll like that. I'm a big dog. I can sit back and look at that shit now. Back in the day shit used to bother me. Now I just put my glasses on, get on my motherfucking phone, look at that bank account and just thank god boy remember with time where I couldn't buy buy nothing to eat. Remember with time I couldn't take my kids shopping. I just remember with times I couldn't go buy rims or or I couldn't let nobody loan no money 'cause I was broke. Boy look at God boy. If you just put the work in and grind in and stay consistent and put God first in your life, good things are happening.


But we all know sometimes that devil gonna come along and he going pull at you. He going to prow at you. But sometimes you just got get off me hip and the follow. We done been down this road before I done prayed to you million nights Lord that you hit me cross over this bridge. Even though I can't see, I know you going be my life with me. So now I'm gonna let my life shine y'all. I ain't gonna listen to the child or no God more. I ain't gonna let certain shit get me upset no more. I'm just gonna say Lord heavenly father, I just want to thank you. Yeah Lord let me wake up in the morning because if you let me wake up in the morning, I'm gonna ball again.


I'm gonna ball again stopping you too. Don't you let nobody stop you. You doing what's right. It's all that matters. That's why I love LeBron James. So when he played the game the right way, I know we all get mad. He ain't got the Kobe or the Jordan gene but at the end of the day the man gonna always make the right play. We don't like it. But that's the way he played a game man. So if the man can never have no regrets in his game now that's just what I call it. That's the way I live life. No regrets none. Live life to the fullest. I help people all the time. But will I get on here and talk about and give you names? Never none of y'all business who I help. I can't get my blessing that way man.


I can't get my blessing can over nobody. You. That's why I gonna do it. See my real people know me. Know how I rock, know how I get down. Know who I am as a man. Know my real character. Certain things I gonna display and I never will see. I walk by faith. I don't walk by clout. Never have never will never been a dro either. Last time I checked them boys know me. I don't know them. Last time I checked them boys want me to come around them. Yeah. Last time I checked I ain't never jumped in the D Hey find me out. Never. But when you are that nigga people want you around, man I love you nigga. Like I've been knowing you forever man. You man you make me feel good.


You helped me get through my day. I was depressed. You could sing your big Lord, you came around. That's the love I get in this shit man. I'm letting You know right now. Gonna never let nobody steal your joy. Never. They can sing what they want. You can't write personality and I think income, you can't write man or reals on my income. It's either in yours ain't. I'm gonna be where I'm at regardless whether who helped me in the past preach or the present brother. I was gonna be here regardless. This is God's gift. Not man's gift. Man gonna let you down. God never will. So once again I'm walk by faith, not by clout. Yeah I'm a mug baby. Yeah I had a ragged car.


Sure did. Now I got five good beautiful motherfuckers. They I they wanna talk about where you was. They don't wanna talk about where you at now? I'm on that rig. Rose sit tonight. Y'all don't like it When do talk like that? I normally don't talk like this. Y'all got me outta camera too. I can talk that talk. Y'all don't like it. I can talk that talk. You can talk that shit to the mother. You ain't gonna talk with me. Let check them bank account. Let's check that y'all wanna talk about everything goddamnit. Let check them account off y'all.


You on that bitch wolfing in line boy begging. You know who you are begging? Yeah your people on the sideline. I'm gonna come around you drop some shit. I ain't even worry about what I drop. I know you gonna get it. You and your people gonna split it too. I ain't tripping. Have it. Just know I me You know. No real. But thank God for me boy I'm a blessing. That's real talk Ain't I'm a blessing.


Can't give you a fool for leaving the world. I don't know. I don't know. Well You know when him and Draymond got into it bro he talked about it bro. Like I didn't come here for that. Draymond, you calling me all these kind of names, this and that bro. I didn't come here for forgot just came here the ball. So when you, when when Draymond Green took it there, he took it to another level with Kevin Durant and Kevin Durant just wasn't with that. Kevin Durant is not a confrontational type guy. He's not gonna be a rah rah guy in your face and he just not gonna deal with that. So he just left. He got his two rings. He was outta there. I hate that Clay got hurt and You know he was hurt too.


So them boy really coulda won three in a row on the cool. Just being honest. The other state was coulda won three in a row bro. Like I ain't gonna lie, they was dangerous when they was together. Shout out to kd. I know he get a lot of flack for leaving OKC and they, it was a team, they was up three one on on on the Warriors. But at the end of the day that man made a decision he had to do what he had to do and Kevin Durant Don told us time by time he just won play ball. He don't care nothing about the la other shit. And you gotta respect that K probably go down top 10, top 15, one of the top 15, top 12 grades players ever. Man I just respect KD a lot and just what he brought to the game and the fundamentals of shooting his handles.


He, he don't take bad shots. K is phenomenal ball player bro. We'll probably never see another Kevin Durant again quite as such. I know Wendy is on his way, he's great. But Kevin Durant just got so much touch on the shot now but we, we got, we ought be thankful of what we getting. We are looking at a Kevin Garnet and and KG with handles and, and and and touch from the three point line. Like he's a, he's KG with Begar skills. I don't think I could and in shooting range, I don't think I could say it no better than that. And we all know what Kevin Durant was. Kevin Durant, not Kevin Durant. We all know Kevin Garnet is a champion bro.


Straight outta high school drafted by the Minnesota Tim Woods. Kevin Garett, You know he was great but we thought, we thought he was gonna win one in Minnesota but You know, it didn't happen. But I value K Lee bro a a lot what he brought to the game. I know a lot of times we get on here, we do debates, we try to put players against players that's BS And You know I, I'm calling my own self album. I'm a hypocrite on that. I just do it for the fun and entertainment. But at the end of the day they're all great players bro. Like I can't get out there and do what them boys do at the end of the day. And I know I can't, I probably wouldn't. I, my, my scoring average just be like bru and I know Brunick can ball, You know what I'm saying?


I know Brunick can ball but if I get out there my shit gonna be like bros try but coming on with it though, at the end of the day. So man shout out to Kevin Durant. What he's been able to do? The rockets, they doing their thing. Jaylen Green balling like I don't know what kind of coochie Dre got but that motherfucker, I don't know what kind of a vagina that woman got bro. But that shit gotta be five boy. That young man is out there balling and Drea look like late night. She cooked chicken strips and curly fries for that youngster. And, and and boy he enjoying every mother fucking bit of it too. And, and and that just what it is like KG the first hundred million dollar man.


He really is. Wayne. What's up UTH What it do Lance? What's up man, shout out to everybody in the chat that's showing love man. Shout out to everybody in the world. It's all love. It's no ha on my side from towards nobody. I love everybody man. Glendale appreciate it. From the bottom of my heart Drip. Thank you man. We, we growing on the bubble do show man. You know sometimes things bother us man. And You know I'm human at the end of the day. Big funny. Thank you. Family things bothers us at, at so times man and I I and I I'm flawed man. I I'm I'm not perfect man. By, by, by no stretch. Not perfect at all man. But I I I do right by my people. That's something I live by. That's something I'll continue to do. Shit like that bother you man.


You do all you off, do all you can for people and man that shit just what it is. But back to the sport game though. I know it's gonna go through A OKC. I know Boston doing what they doing the Cavs let get a cal because you can cals they credit. I know I got some calf fans on here. Cows doing their thing bro. Like they going, it's gonna be between them and Boston over in the east, the west Thunder, the nuggets can't leave 'em out of it. I think the Lakers, if they can just grab a big man McGill or somebody bro, I I think they could give him a better chance right now. I don't wanna put all that workload on Luca on his five degree burn foot ha ass. And, and and LeBron. LeBron looking good right now at 40.


I'm loving what I'm seeing from him. I think I like the black dye paint. LeBron better. They might that when that paint used to get in that nigga eyes before that nigga man I'm talking about cold come down court, he can't even see, they think he doing Magic Johnson but it was that black paint that nigga he well LeBron bad boy, Tristan Thompson. Oh man. Yeah I just gotta get love man. Y'all know I'm on that week of Warrens tour too so y'all make sure y'all come out and check me out this Friday. On this Friday at night man. I'm in South Haven, Mississippi. Yeah we Warrens tour You know Mike Yo Corey Holcomb Little Country Rain Tony, Robin Mojo Brooks, Carlos Miller.


Man y'all make sure y'all come out and see you boy. I'm on the big stage now man. God done bless me. I'm on the big stage. I need all my fans that really rock with me. That's down with me Want see me win. Y'all come to these shows, make sure you get there early bro. I'm telling y'all man I'm, I'm putting it down on this day. I know a lot of y'all ain't seen me in that stage. Y'all ain't, I ain't know I do that but I do it and I do it with the best of 'em. I do it with the big boys yo. Come see your boy, bring your lady. Yeah come on out. Get you some drink, get you some food. Have a good time. Or you if you ain't got no girl they gonna be plenty of your mail now on. Yeah go on and go get City trends. Get your motherfucking outfit together and God damnit don't worry on Mexican Jordans don't go on find you some retro because you can go with City Trends and get your girl.


You ain't gotta go buy all that, that that, that desire or shit. That don't mean shit. At the end of the day you take your clothes off to get Humped to get the humping, you gonna leave that shit on. You ain't fucking no those Z Nigga you ain't got that money like do had never you Little Dolphin. You ain't got that kind of money Big Do had. So God damnit you can go on and knock her down in some Ry and shit. You ain't tripping. You can get calm stands all over. You ain't gonna curse. It didn't cost you that much. She don't know that. Hell she don't know what kind of clothes you got on. Shit. Take the clothes off when it's dark too. You hit your room, get the lights. What you doing baby? Shit I been seeing all day. I don't wanna see no more. All I want see is ass and I don't even need to see it. I just need to feel it. Come.


That's all you gotta do Charlie. What's up family? That's all you gotta do. I'm wearing this fake ass shit. I got some Gucci. It got six eyes in yo Niggas better not say a motherfucking thing when y'all see me word either. I got a Gucci shirt, that bitch got six eyes only thing real about it. I got the confidence to write that shit come around you, you see it. Damn. Does what you spend on that Gucci shirt? Shit 300. I didn't spend nothing but $80 down. Nothing at the out. Ain't none of y'all nickles be you think I finna let y'all come up here and see my tag?


Never. The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. Find resources to help you support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Do org that's sounded out together. Dot org brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal Catch


John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tell my security get you negro back for me. You looking at my damn shirt. I'm just telling y'all the game and what's going on today. Shit that look real ain't really real I child. I'm saying sir loose seclusion. Yeah this ain't even really me. I'm a clone. I'm a motherfucking clone. So whatever I said tonight, it wasn't me wasn't your boy. So I'm saying make sure y'all get out to these shows and come check your boy.


I told y'all earlier in the show go download prize pics, make sure y'all do that for you boy. Download it right there in the right hand corner. Scan that barcode. Put $5 in, you get 50. Do that for your boy man. If you're trying to make some extra money it's playoff time. It's, I mean it's not playoff time but I'm saying it's basketball time. You got baseball coming up. You can bet on that too as well. Hey bro, come holler at me. I get you right on that prize pick. You want some picks? I'll send you some picks. Hit me up on my DM on bubble dub nine. Your phone ig. I I give y'all some pics now. Got some of 'em. Might not win, some of 'em do I be winging on that? Sometimes I don't. I'm just being a realist. Just because I'm with prospect don't mean I got any of that shit. I don't. I'm picking just like y'all picking but we put our motherfucking minds together God damnit we can make some money. Oh yeah you put your mind together. I put mine together and then we all come together shit. Somebody gonna win something.


That's how just do it on them lotteries. Why we can't do it? Some God Asians get together, they all standing around eat rice all goddamn evening and God put number, I pick a number, you pick a number, you pick a number, she pick a number and they they go even bring the power but niggas can't do it man. I got my own number, shit. Oh self a nigga kind nigga we got worse self tell y'all something man. You got so many people out here been working all they life. Probably got two $5 million saved up and somebody who ain't got a dime go and win the lottery. That does something to them people man. How they get all that Not done worked. All that God, God, God could take you from but you gotta be patient all time.


We be asking God for shit. We ain't ready for God. Just piss me with this woman then you get that woman she run your ass crazy. But you asked high for it though. He already knew what she was but you don. No come on. Come on now. You used to be big edge now you little edge. You been lost every goddamn weight you had on you boy. You don't know how you losing weight. I don't know. I'm just losing weight. I don't know. 'cause you're stressing Nickle, you're smoking cigarettes now. Just going to the store after work. Not getting you something to drink. You ain't normally doing it now you just that woman ni number. Adam got that. What apple from Who going on to your favorite day?


You have to pay attention to the people around you's. All I'm saying people come around you smile. I love you bro. I love you baby. Yeah we, we family stab you in. Your motherfucking can't let everybody around you. You heard it from me. You got to pay attention to the nigga. You gotta keep the grass cut. You got to see what's slithering. Got to see what's slithering my nigga. Real tall grass snakes look like a goddamn a a a a king cobra with me on a distance. All snakes are snakes.


MOUs but not they're dangerous. Thanks. Somebody say they tired of poverty. I'm tired of too. I'm tired of for my people too. We gonna get out this shit together. You alone you on my show you, you in poverty, you gonna get out of it. I was in poverty, I got out of it. I can get out of it. You can get out of it. But you gotta have a positive attitude about this shit. I told you ain't say ain't about me no more. I'm just on here laughing, having fun, joking around. But this shit ain't about me. It's the shit, this shit about helping other folks man come up and and baw out a motherfucker control.


That's what I wanna see. I wanna see people who ain't never had nothing got it balling but they doing right with it. That's what it's about. Like I don't wanna be the only person around it with money or or with a a a a whole stomach fool. I don't wanna be the only nigga around me fool. I nigga be fool too. Think we gotta think about that sometime. Man. So much hat in the world. Man. That shit bothers me man. Not enough love. It's nobody want talk no more. People just want to slander you. People make shit not fun no more. Man. When it's all about it, it was about fun and having a dream and getting to where we trying to get to.


It ain't that no more man. It's about clout bro. That shit is a drug man. That shit is a drug bro. Real. So if anybody out there, bro, like I say, I'm looking for a ride. I got 15 k, come join the team. I got you for real talk. I got, You know, support of the show. If you can't watch my show man, you can go with Apple Podcast, you can go with Spotify, you can watch The Bubba Dub Show. You can type it in. I need that love, I need that support. I need them downloads. Let's get this audio up man. Let's get these views up man.


I'm, I'm coming on here man. I'm, I'm sharing my life experience with y'all man. I'm, I'm, I'm talking sports man. Man I just wanna be a better person man. I wanna be a better sports analyst. I wanna be a better comedian. I wanna be a better father, a better, better friend. I'm gonna be a better everything man. Some people watching me man. You been fit following what's going on man. Feel like I let y'all down man. Even though I ain't done nothing wrong. I just feel like I let y'all down man. I feel like the way the world on my shoulders, I'm dealing with this big crazy ass tour. I got people running at me, put money in and, and it, it, it's just starting to with my mental bro. Like all I ever wanted to do was win.


Put my people on and shit. People turn on you bro. Successful motherfucker. People turn on you man. And just like a nigga said you a rag ass car. He know it's rag. He know the transmission was slipping but you get that motherfucker and it never slip. That bitch run like a champ now this nigga mad that the car ain't broke down on you yet. Y'all pray for you man. Praying for y'all. Praying for everybody better days, happy days coming. I'll see y'all again when I see y'all man this weekend I'm in South Haven, Mississippi bro.


Pull up and grab 'em tickets this Sunday. I'm in Brooklyn. Yeah, Brooklyn New York baby God Barlay Center man. We the ones to tank Davis fighting Saturday. If you ain't going make sure you support that man and grab ah, I know some of y'all mad. Y'all ain't gonna buy to see him fight La Roach. I get it but it's gonna be a dope fight man. For the ones who do wanna watch it, grab that pay-per-view. Support. Support my guy Tank David support me. I got something brewing with PBC. That's why I be promoting. I got something brewing with PBC. So on behalf of me, You know purchase the fight man or go to the fight, I'll be there And it's all love, all love and respect with me to my day one fans.


I got merch, I got, I got the Bubba do church, south Haven if y'all want 'em. I got the church with me. Let me know my team will be out there moving the church and we spreading love everywhere we go on this tour. We making your lab. But we going to spread love. We gonna forget about what's going on in the world when we at these shows and we gonna zone out. We gonna love everybody. We ain't hating nobody. We ain't harming nobody. We gonna show love. We going to laugh and we all gonna go home. Our families and we going and we going. We gonna live life. That's what we going to do. We ain't gonna talk down on nobody. No matter what they say about us. We gonna let 'em talk. You got some people at your job talking about you right now. But you keep on doing what you doing.


You, you just keep on keeping on, keeping on and good things gonna come your way. Some of y'all been on y'all job five and six years. You ain't got that goddamn raise yet but the raise is coming. Yep, it's coming. You keep doing you, you got coworkers hitting on you man. I say something, don't say nothing. Them niggas want you to lose your job. They ain't gonna say nothing so don't you say nothing. You just keep shaking your head and keep going on about your motherfucking business. Keep on coming to work with your spaghettis with your hot dog. Links in them. You keep on eating that but one day, oh Lord lemme tell y'all the word one day you ain't gonna have spaghetti with the hot dog meat in one fucking thing. You gonna come to work with seafood ball baby. Yeah, big crawfish potatoes and corn.


Come here. Come here. I used to ride around with cars with no ac, couldn't even get out the mother and driver's side. I had to jump out through the passenger side now. God bless me now. I ain't gotta do that. I can just get somebody to shuffle me around if I wanted to. Look at God. You hear what I just told you. A young nigga from Alto graduated no car. Him ain't had no money. Mama and them hustling up trying to get ends, this, this and that. Now I gonna do this and that. Baby let me scrape up some change now to, to try to help you out.


My family ain't come from money. That's what my mama used to do. Scrape up chain to try to help me. You understand what I'm saying? Scrape up chain. We ain't gotta do that no more mama. We ain't scraping no no motherfucking chain. What you want? What you want? You want a thousand in your pocket? 15 two what? I I don't even get it. That's what I'm grinding for. That's what I'm working all over for. We ain't doing no more begging. Only begging we gonna do from the good Lord. Let me see another day. Got around Floyd.


Man that and my, and my good friend solo. He probably watching this show my heart bro changed my attitude and way I looked at life sometimes bro. I be thinking I'm just, because that's how my mind frame man. I don't think I'm nobody yet, which I'm not. I'm not a celebrity. I'm not none of that bro. I'm a work in progress but I know some of y'all look at me as that. But I'm just a man. Like y'all a man. I bleed like y'all bleed bro. But Floyd told me, bro you special bro. You gotta move. Different do man. I know you got a good heart but everybody ain't gonna like you dog. Just know that you can't please everybody bo you can't please everybody. Man. I'm learning that now in life.


It hurts, it sucks. You can't please everybody. You gotta keep doing you. Now I understand and lead the sugar voice. I understand it now. Heaven to Father. When you pray for certain things, you gotta make sure you ready for it or you ready for where everything going? Come with it because it's gonna come. You gonna let it break you? So don't you Let whatever in your life following y'all, break you down. You lost your job. It's okay. You gonna give another one? You. I know y'all be, I be having y'all minutes. I'm at a am I at church or am at a sports? Show you everything with me. I told y'all from the beginning, I don't just talk sports, I talk life. I talk life. I speak life.


I speak positivity, nigga. Yeah. I can't see none of y'all on this show, but I can see comments. I see money coming to y'all future. I see good health coming. I see single men, I see them, but women coming. I see married women and married men on my show. I wish y'all nothing but success. Nothing but beautiful years for you and your husband, your grown kids that's in your house. Put them motherfuckers. They ain't got no illness or no, no, nothing like autism or something going on with 'em. Put them motherfuckers out and you and your old lady enjoy life. But that's my time. God bless y'all. Thank Y for watching them out. The Volume


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival, presented by Capital One, happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights. Speaking in public. The list of fears is endless, but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark, wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep? The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving eyes forward. Don't drive distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad Council.