
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premieres 24 7 on BET plus with the premium monthly plan. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series. BET plus has Culture on Lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances. And with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This data is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


The Volume. What it do everybody What it do it your host Bubba Dub. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. Sunday night. Yeah. Before I even start this show, y'all already know how I like to do it. Go and hit the like button right now. Y'all been sitting around waiting on me and I've been waiting on y'all asses. Don't hit the like button. Don't hit the subscribe button right now. But go ahead and start this show out And we talking about no condom wearing as Russell Wilson. Did y'all see Russell Wilson when the last time them damn 37 points. Huh? When's the last time Mike Tomlin and them score 37.


Damn Russell Sierra. Future Wilson Bow out tonight. Yeah. Two to down. No inter That's what I'm talking about Justin Fields. I know bitch. That's where your ass gonna stay too boy. I heard. Well I heard pregnant again. God Russell playing for his life right now talking about the Jets. Y'all done went out and got Devonte Adams and you still ain't doing a damn thing. Aaron Rogers. I need a little help. You go get some help and you still playing like you stink. So I need all the reporters, I need all the million people that been loving Aaron Roger bullshit ass all these years talking about he the greatest this Greg, his dad, he the greatest bull sugar of all times.


Aaron Rogers got everything he can ask for. Y'all got a defense, got a run game, went out and got the receiver that he won. Devonte Adams the XT Mega Hill that he that used to light it up in Green Bay, brought him to New York, brought him to the big city, the big apple and you come out and get me 15 motherfucking points. If I'm Woody Johnson, I'm, I'm, I'm calling somebody in my motherfucking office. Come even I'll let Don bring your ass in my office. Look I gotta get my game ball of Russell Wilson man. He came out, it wasn't the best passing game but it was the passing game that they needed.


What's his name? Pickens look good tonight. Looked like a true number one receiver tonight and I think that's what Pittsburgh was missing from Justin Fields. Even though I don't feel like Justin Fields played bad, I just feel like it was some big plays that he was missing that they felt like they needed to bring Russell Wilson in on. And they did that. And these are the results that they got tonight. 37 to 15 the run game was working. They had over 150 yards as a team rushing and and as a Steeler fan you can't ask for nothing no more than that. Yeah I know I'm one of the ones that sit up here and advocated that Russell Wilson was done that he wouldn't play but that's just me just talking shit.


But being a realist, going back, watching the film, going back and studying the film that the plays that Justin Fields was missing, he was missing some plays, some chunk plays when the run game wasn't there. Some plays and the passing thing was there and Fields wasn't singing it so they went to a veteran quarterback no condom as Wilson come here. I want you to do the same shit you were doing for chewing gum ass p Curl up in Seattle. I want you to do it here because he wasn't able to do that last year in Denver with hating Sean Peyton. See in Denver, you know Russell was just one of the guys now that he back in Pittsburgh, he a   King Russell King in Pittsburgh.


He eye to the game like Tumbl said Mm, we not doing all that shit up here brother. We coming to Ball, we coming to win. Bring your ass and be ready. And I'm, I'm from from the results tonight. I know it just one game. I know it's just a small sample of Russell Wilson this fucking season. But if I'm gonna pitch brush through the fan, I'm happy. I'm excited about what I seen in my team and I feel like Pittsburgh probably gonna win that division now I know they're still in the division with the Ravens but I'm telling y'all with Russell Wilson behind them right now, they got a chance of winning that division right now up there in Pittsburgh right now.


Now they got now that just had to get that out the way for y'all. Come on in. You know I'm finna start, I wanna know what my 49 fans at. Where y'all big bag asses at now? Where you big bag ass 40 Naga fan? 28 to 18. I don't wanna hear nothing about no damn injuries either. They Brock Purdy trash. Yeah, I said it y'all season over and I'm saying it right now. Y'all season is over brand new. You toing Achi leaves praying for a spirit recovery frame but it's it for the 49 ERs over there man. Gotta shut it down. Now let's talk about the elephant in the room Patrick.


The home bat and outta shape Don't look Wolf a damn zero touchdown two picks. I'm just calling it like I said Patrick Mahomes is outta shape but they still with it. Six oh ain't no other quarterback get away. Well he been getting away this year. Patrick Mc Holmes got more interception this year than touchdowns. Can somebody explain that to me like I really wanna know what in the hell is going on with the zebra cake? Patrick Mahome right now man. Zero touchdown two interceptions but they still find a way to beat the bad ass. 49.


That's coaching. Yeah I already, they they star receiver. I already out in Rice. They didn't go out and get no admire Cooper. They didn't go out and get no Devonte Adam. They, they didn't even make no moves and they still able to go on the road and beat the 40 nines. Granted Christian McCaffrey hurt. He always hurt So y'all can't use that excuse Deebo Hurt can't use that excuse. You play for whoever you got on the field. That's all I'm saying Right now the Kansas City Chiefs six and oh they the only undefeated team that's still in the league And Patrick Mc hol have not played his best ball this season. Shout out that Big Red Andrew Re and that program that they running up there.


Travis Kisser ain't even balling out. And I, I know some of y'all mad Taylor Swift dad lemme tell y'all something about Taylor Swift pretty fine as she has brought nothing but good. Look Kansas City, I know y'all like her because she getting all attention. Well she a woman. I don't wanna see you niggas. I wanna see Taylor Swift. Do you and me and my girl walking into a store and Taylor Swift walking in. I'm opening the door for Taylor. I tell my girl get your ass out the way. I love Taylor. Taylor got that kind of mother change your motherfucking line. I turn my back on my own mama for Taylor. Come on shit.


God send you blessings and y'all be blocking your own blessings some damn time man. God say I sent you somebody but you didn't use them. Shit I'm woke nigga I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm Dick Gregory, I'm woke. I see everything these days and I know a good luck charm when I see one and Taylor Swifter. Good luck charm. I know Travis Kissing had one of the finest black women in the world but did you hear what she said? She didn't wanna pay no bills trash. Oh you gotta go, you don't wanna pay no bills and ain't want me to be faithful. Bitch you gotta go. I hardly done call your mama. Them two told them to come get you releasing your ass.


Real talk. Taylor Swift had been nothing but a a a blessing to Kansas City 'cause it's a small market which y'all already know but you know but every time they play she on tv they showing her she's smiling. She high fing with her, with her mom. With his mom and brothers a beautiful thing to see what Travis Kelsey got. What Taylor Swift make me wanna find love Mant nothing like watching happy people on relationships crumble. Ooh I love that shit. I love to give a phone call. My partner been with his girl all these years and he calling me telling me the relationship over good now you can feel how I feel sad and lonely. I ain't the only one listening to Mary j Blige no more.


Shit. That's me. Nah, I'm long and shit. I listen to Mary j Blige. Damn right. What y'all listening to? Y'all probably listen to that old bullshit. Not me. I be going through real shit in my life right now. That's what I be listening to. But how y'all feeling tonight though? It's Sunday night man. No cowboys on nearby. Which they need to be because them motherfucker hurt my feelings. Oh yeah them cowboys gonna hurt my motherfucking feelings. Dak out here getting married. That's the last thing you need to be doing. Fa is getting married on the golf court motherfucker. You need to have a playbook in your hand. You need to be going down there getting laser eye surgery because you can't seem to see the damn field.


Damn right. Steelers five and two right now. Man fuck them cowboy man. I'm I'm, I'm Swiss team nigga. I'm not with them no more. Hell nah. I'm with the Detroit line. You see what they did to them Vikings and Sam 31 29. It was good game but damn Detroit showing me something. Even with Hutchinson being hurt on they defense they went down nigga Minnesota and handled business. That's all you can ask for right now. And I'm putting it out there on the limb right now. Don't be surprised with the 49 ERs being hurt with the cowboys being trans ain't besides the commanders. I'm gonna get to them in a minute. But besides the commanders in the in of C In of C. Ain't nobody over there right now that can stop Detroit.


What they got going on. Right. Jerry golf is throwing that motherfucking ball. He throwing that ball so motherfucking will make Ru Paul go in the house. I'm not bullshiting you no ru Paul up ball golf balling past the percentages over six. Well 67, 6 8 past percentage this year. I'm loving what I'm seeing from Detroit. The run game working the pass game work. Defense got to play better. You got to tighten up. Minnesota was undefeated until they lost to the Detroit line. Sam Don a balling. Justin Jefferson balling Aaron Jones up there toting that. P Minnesota is not no slouch. Let me say that right now. They lost today but there is not no slouch and telling you it's gonna be Detroit.


Olga bring me to, it's bringing me to this team right here. The Texans. Did y'all see what Green Bay did to them on Houston? Sip syrup ass Texans today. Did y'all see that today? What? What? What Green Bay did to the Texans? Yeah. CJ style didn't look what for damn today threw the ball horribly. And who up there? Who up there right now besides Jordan. Love that y'all know in Green Bay. I'll wait. Besides green, besides Jordan Love on Green Bay, what other players on their team that y'all know? I'll sit here and wait. Well let me tell you what they did today. They went down there and played smash my football. They went down there and shut that shit down in Ace Town.


That's what they did. Them tipping. Those four old motherfuckers couldn't do nothing. Don't forget who the ones defeated. Not no more ring on or something did to my cowboy last year in the playoffs.


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy


What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds to have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream the best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Hazlett and the Impact Atlanta. Starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dion, Cole and Diarra from Detroit starring Diara Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder. Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs All ad free with a premium monthly plan. Black Stars legendary throwbacks. And new series you'll love. From exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET plus.


Oh it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I Know right? I was worried we'd bring back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room Blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh Blinds.com is the goat. The Goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


That done went right that they done went down nothing and took care of business. Stefan Des after trying to fight what's his name? Dray Alexander Nigga need to be fighting that scoreboard. I ain't, I ain't know nigga be fighting that scoreboard 'cause you didn't do nothing that they digs and I mean nothing NFL done changed man. The the team that we think that's fixing take that next step. They ain't taking it know whether it's injuries or whatever it is. They not taking that next step. Now look at Green Bay riding under the radar. Done went and beat their fofo. Tipping ass Texans. I can't do nothing but salute Joy love and and what they got going on in Green Bay?


Remember a Rogers left? Yeah he and he, he wanted to go to New York. He a fresh start. He ain't doing a mother and thing up there in New York right now but causing problems brought in Devonte Adam. He ain't even doing nothing either. It's hey ride y'all. That's all I'm saying man the teams they supposed to be up is down right now. My cowboys supposed to be up but they down right now. We not going to the playoffs this year. We gonna be a a a a lottery team this year. Everybody asking me you think we could turn it around? Hell no we not turning sugar around Cesar over.


You are who you are at this point. What what seven, eight games done play so fucking Caesar. You are who you are. We ain't got no coach. We ain't got no motherfucking running back. We ain't got no damn quarterback. We ain't got no damn receiver. We got a whole bunch of nothing and y'all think I'm supposed to sit around here and keep cheering on for the cowboy. We going get it together. I beat. Damn I'm not doing that shit no damn me. A new team find me a well I'm riding with Buffalo. You seen what Buffalo did to the Titans brought and the Cooper touchdown. Come here Keon Colvin Bowling come here.


Don't be surprised and I'm saying it right here. You got Pittsburgh, you got the Ravens, you got the Chiefs and you got the Buffalo bills. This shit can go any way this year. Hear me out. This shit can go any way this year man. I'm telling y'all man. This is a weird ass football season that we are witnessing this year. Listen to what I just told y'all about 10 minutes ago. Patrick McCombs have more interceptions than Touchdowns name any other starting quarterback. They will be on the bench right now and I answer another shit I gotta talk about.


I don't understand what's going on in Carolina. Y'all still playing Andy do he do a motherfucking thing today then y'all wanna bring in at the end of the game? Bring in Bryce Young Igon get it. Why in the hell is Andy dog still starting? He's not a fucking starter. He's a headset clipboard type of backup quarterback. That's what he is. Put the brother back in there. Give him a chance. Let him get all the first team reps and let's see what you can get out of him in case somebody else want might wanna bring him in but he ain't doing you no good on the damn bench. You can kill his confident. You can have two or three coaches since he been there. Come on now.


I do not think Bryce's younger bus, I do not think Bryce's younger bus. I think he need to be in the right situation. He's not in the right situation right now. They don't know how to use him up there in Carolina. They bullshitting. They bullshitting know what's going on with them Carolina grasshoppers man. But I'm not feeling it now. I talk about them bag ass eagles. What they did to them? Damn giant Shaquan Barkley ran out and you coulda had Barkley but y'all wanna let him walk. You ain't think he was gonna do nothing. Well he your ass over 75 yard. Them damn rats in New York disappointed them damn rats had they saquon Barkley jersey.


Them rats burn their jersey. The people did the rats didn't The rats no talent. That's one thing about New York, them rats know talent when they see him. Y'all thinking Diggy gonna hurt himself in their prison. No he not. Them rats holding Diggy down in that mother. The rats holding brother love down up there And we've been hard on brother love right now and he deserves it. They used the rats just holding shit down up there in New York right now. Standing Island. Stand up Queen. Stand up. Brooklyn stand up telling you right now.


Eagles put a ass whipping on the giant. Daniel Jones got benched as he should Didn't look what for. Damn but mad when you get bent nigga you do something I don't understand about you player. You play like shit all game And then when they take you out you want to get mad. Who? Who's to get mad at? You gotta get mad at yourself fam. You practice with these sorry motherfuckers every day. You already know what kind of game y'all gonna have but y'all still come out to these press conference and tell us oh we had a great week of practice. Oh we going to be better. Stop lying to us fans man we gonna come to the game anyway 'cause there ain't nothing else to do but stop lying to us man. Y'all not getting no motherfucking better man. You gotta wanna get better man. Some some people just get complacent in where they at man.


Nah I don't wanna get complacent. I wanna be better at everything I do man. I'm tired of fucking for five minutes man. I wanna go for six minutes sometimes man. And I'm doing everything in my will to start having sex longer. So I'm taking supplements. I'm on almond milk, I'm on Honey pack, I'm on Bluetooth, I'm on the Stings, I'm on Rhino, I'm on every damn thing. I'm on Red Bulls. I'm doing everything to to elevate and when when sometime when you have sex you can elevate you, you can give it to her the way she want it but then they become like old milk spa when you give 'em that good supplement meat.


They want you to do that shit again. Hold my wings fell off. I can't perform that shit I did last night. I don't know how I pulled it out but I did my meat hard but but my blood pressure up. Oh I'm about to die like I'm think die humping on you. You a damn lie. Boom make me come. We better use that goddamn rose you been using Keep using it. Whole room smell like stale corn chips. You been on that? You been using that rose boo. You know woman on that road, you ain't touch her. She already shaking and shit. Bitch, what's wrong with you? I ain't even put my hands on you. You jumping and shit. I don't know. I'm just horny horing.


Hell you used to got Rose. I ain't got rose type of meat. My my meat don't my my meat don't last like that. My meat Di You ever put a hot dog in the microwave when it overheat? What happened? It bursts. That's me. Put it in there. Four, five strokes. Make that macaroni noise sign. You start telling me ooh don't stop shit bitch I'm done. Party over. You better get yours. I mean you better get as soon as I get it in there. You better start grinding doing what you need to do all that don't you not? Shit, I'm letting loose not finna hold back. Nothing, nothing wrong with y'all women now man I always want it.


I always want sex in your favor. Why can't be in my favor. You know what I'm saying? Why when you get on top of me you scooting on my meat. I feel you hurting me hoe hell bounce. Yeah like a sick four Bounce all this you ain't doing nothing. You hurting my meat Then you wanna bounce up and down and slap it. Slap slap your cag on my meat like a bag of ice. Ho ain't ain't no you gotta be gentle with me. Be soft with me. Be gentle. Take your time. That's why you whole single, y'all ain't taking your time in the bedroom. Y'all be rushing to to get it. Come on, come on. I now hold on hold, hold on now I need a stethoscope. I need to check your blood pressure.


I need to check your glucose. I'm gonna make sure you done took your iron pill because because you know what I'm saying Because you ain't finna be hurting me up in here like that. I wanna live a long time. I know you won't live a long time. That's what we going to do. Just telling you the truth. Commanders ran through them. Panthers today too. Jay Daniels got hurt praying for his speed recovery. Something wrong with something's wrong with his ribs got hit but other than that 4 87 commanders is another team in the NC that they're looking real damn good right now. Y'all And and they in my division with the Cowboys Eagles and the Giants commanders is the best team in that division then the Eagles.


I might even put the Giants over us right now. That's how, that's how down I am on the Dallas Cowboys. Y'all I done lost about $3,000 so far year this year on them Cowboy. And I'm not losing no damn mo. I bet you that I'm wised up. I'm not betting on him. I'm not. I know After this bi week, oh yeah, after this bi week we got the 49 of victory, we gonna beat nine y'all. Oh yeah we gonna beat y'all. Y'all hurt banged up and I want to take advantage of the 49 er. Watch what we do now. The other day I got on here, I forgot to bring this up but I got to give people they flowers shout out to Brother James. Goddamn brother James came out bone 17 point bowing.


That's what I'm talking my brother. That's what your daddy on this team Nick. What the what? What they gonna say to you? Don't shoot the ball. Shit. I tell mama, mama daddy told me don't shoot the ball shit bro. Come in want get some cash from Savannah. She all upset. You ain't getting nothing for me. You told bro don't shoot what? What bro going to do? I ain't telling him that he can shoot all he want. I know damn well I can bro better than me. I be getting all kinds of special shit from them Lakers. I'm on Lakers shit my daddy is LeBron ho. I'm not throwing you the ball Aggie. I'm not doing none of that shit. I'm coming down on fast court. I'm going through against one shit. I'm burning. Think about it. If my daddy is LeBron and I'm on the team, even though I don't supposed to be on the team man I'm finna show my ass man.


And if I'm bru, if they play me 10 minutes a game, I'm taking 15 shots. I'm not bullshitting you. I'm kalo Anthony. When not giving nothing, shit, I'm hard rigged high. Give it to me. You gotta take advantage of your opportunity. Some of y'all got opportunities right now in life. You're not taking advantage of me. Some of y'all right now man. It's bullshitting. Take advantage of your opportunities man. Opportunities don't come man often. So when they come they come my anger call me nephew. I've been praying to God, you know what I'm saying? To bless me. He haven't blessed me yet and I wanna know can you help me? I said anger, I'm not God hold you better wait on him.


Do you hear me? It's better to wait on God than to wait on a nigga like me. I ain't got them kind of powers. I don't know what you prayed to God for but I'm not him. God may not come when you want him to come but he always on time now my anger was calling me to help her on her rent. Yes I could have helped her on her rent but I helped her in another way. I went to Dollar General and bought a hundred dollars worth count. See they didn't have lights in the back of them Bible. They they had candles there. Your lights. You think we, you think y'all think we were mourning to death at my ain house. Them damn candles I had liquor nothing. I'm smelling good candles too. Damn right. See I ain't got, why I go spend 200 on light bill when you can buy counters they gonna burn all night.


When you, when you, when you get sleep again blow 'em out and go to bed. Damn light electricity be shit man. Y'all gotta make it make sense these days man. I know how to save money. That's one thing about me. I know how to save money. I don't believe in living with the Joneses. I don't believe because my homeboy got a new car. I gotta get a new car. I'm not gonna do all that shit. Not me. Y'all better wake y'all ass up better wake on the Lord man. God bless him is different from my man blessing but with man plan, God done plan Now my anger said she been praying, praying to God the single blessing and I know God damn well. God didn't send me you. God didn't send hugging me. She lying now she lying on God and God don't like that.


That's why she ain't getting her blessing. That's why I didn't bless her again 'cause she lied. On God Heavenly Father you gonna lie on to heavenly Father like that. You gonna say you been praying to God and then call me. I know I'm one of the biggest signals in the world. I know God ain't call on you from calling on me. Call and he'd rather call on Pete D than call on me. I don't understand My ain't got three or four kids. Don't wanna call in but wanna call me baby. I just wanna call. I just wanna hear your voice and you a damn lie. You just want something. Guess what? I ain't gone. I just need this for a couple of days but sell some cat, sell something.


Yeah grandma sold it. Why can't you sell it? I don't understand about y'all women. Y'all mama sold cat. They momma sold can. Why y'all can't sell it? What make y'all cat special than Big Mama and them and Big Mama and them cat. You know what I'm saying? I don't understand that. I told y'all the truth. My grandma was Ahoe and she was a good one. She took good care of me. If it wasn't for my grandma vagina, I wouldn't be here today. She grandma make sure I had new Jordans, she made sure I had clothes on my back, make sure I had food and everything. Now you hos out here don't want to get out here and sacrifice for y'all kids. Y'all, y'all some selfish mother brung up up my Christmas tree was full of gifts.


I'm talking about full of gifts. You ho have one kid and don't be nothing under that goddamn tree but lights. I ain't really didn't wanna pull a Christmas tree up so now you a lazy ho Christmas ain't for you for them babies. We got to do better man for these kids. They look up to us when I come to some of you girl houses y'all. Hey y'all kids there? I speak to 'em how you doing? Hey y'all ate, you know what I'm saying? I'm eating Raisin canes. I'm not gonna buy your kid Rai cane. I buy 'em McDonald's dollar me, you yo. I'm gonna feed your kid. I want 'em full so they can take their bag ass to sleep. So me and you can do what we need to do. You know what I'm saying? All that I excuse my high bubble. I got roaches.


I don't give a damn about them roaches. I am a killer. I'm humping you and stepping on roaches at the same damn time. Yeah I can do two, I can do two things at once. I'm gifted it don't bother me. Make sure y'all hit that like button. Make sure y'all hit that like button right now. Y'all over here man. I don't know how many people we got on live right now but how many we got on live?


We are have in like if you watching this show then you gotta know this show being presented by Prize picks going download the number one sports fantasy app in the game right now using my promo code trash with the two H's. If you're a first time user you put $5 in, they give you 50. Think about it, you put $5 in, they give you $50, you could turn that $50 that they done gave you off the five that you put in and you can make 2,500, $3,000. All you got, all you gotta do is more or less over there. It's more or less if you, if you played tonight and they had Russell Wilson slate to have over 160 Pat in your, all you had to do is put more or less. Man it's simple. I can't, like I say man, all 'em other apps on fantasy apps, they cool man. I ain't gonna cap. They not pics. I'm, I'm telling you, I'm running up a real bag over on Prospect and I know some of y'all gonna be able to get it in y'all city. That's when you type it in. It's gonna let you know your location. It's gonna let you know whether or not you can be able to play prize pics. But if you could play pics, man hear me out. I I be sending, I'll be putting my pics and my stories on ig on Bubble Dub 94 man putting my pics in man. I can change a whole lot of people live by putting them on the prospect. Go over rock with Prospect.


Some of y'all might be at work and you can't watch my live. You might miss my live. All you gotta do is go to Apple Podcasts or Spotify. Type in the bubble do show boom. Damn.


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy


What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream the best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in hi original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Hazlett and the Impact Atlanta. Starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dion, Cole and Diara from Detroit starring Diara Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder. Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs all ad free with a premium monthly plan. Black stars legendary throwbacks. And new series you'll love. From exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET plus.


Oh it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room Wines.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No it was easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got signed from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh Blinds.com is the goat. The goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


Real talk Fly Z You gotta know how to play it bro. You gotta look at the player stats. One thing about prospect, they have stats from the previous three weeks. Like one player might have had 80 yards this week and and the week after that he might have had 40 yards and then after that he might have had a hundred yards. It's like a cycle with these players bro. Trust me it's like a cycle. You just gotta pick him. He had 60 this week before. Before that he had 80, 60 and 80. So next week he probably gonna be down again. That's how I play it. That's how I be winning bro. Just keep it in the book. Which that's how I be running up my bag on there. Just looking at the stats and seeing what defense they going to against. Can they stop the run? Can they stop the, you gotta do a little homework man.


That's all you gotta do. You do a little homework and then you got it. I'm announcing the winner who I'm taking to the cowboy texting game with me tomorrow night on after. After I go live tomorrow night Me and to, I'm announcing the winner that I'm taking to the Cowboy versus Texas team. So make sure you in the comments, not just on the chat. Make sure you in the comments, not just on the chat. Me and my team is gonna be going through seeing who been rocking. We're gonna being consistent and we gonna go through, like I said, I'm gonna take you out to the game. I'm gonna fly you to the game. I'm gonna buy you a hotel room, we're gonna go to the game. But you gonna buy your own motherfucking food though. I'm not buying your food. You gonna buy your own damn food but your flight room, all that taken care. We gonna come down. You gonna come down to Texas?


We gonna have a ball November the 18th. We gonna have a big old Texas ball now. The cowboy might lose. Huh? I I ain't gonna deny that. Playing them Texan. They probably gonna get their ass beat but we gonna enjoy ourself and I'm gonna be right there talking cash money, shit. Go cowboys cowboy. Get the loser. I'm taking off my damn jersey putting on a Texan jersey. Damn. I'm right. I ain't finna go to bed mad for what? I'm going to be happy. Can't lose. I'm from Texas. Either one of 'em win. I win. Yeah, y'all be too lawyer man. Doug, you be Smith fly Yout lawyer to your team.


You ain't lawyer to your own woman nigga. How you gonna tell me to be loyal to a team? The nerve of you niggas. Y'all got some nerve man. Tell me I need to be loyal. Stop it. But how y'all feeling though man? Y'all talk to me man. How y'all feeling tonight man? I'm, I'm feeling great. You know tomorrow, Monday, you know what I'm saying? I'm going to church Wednesday night. I'm trying to change my life y'all I'm trying to do right won do right. Ain't nothing like going and praising the good Lord. And you know I'm all about praising God. I'm all for until they start bringing out the collection plate. That's, that's where they get me at because they be like, give from your heart brother. And even though I might have three or 4,000 in my pocket, I reach in there and give 'em a hundred and then they look at me.


You could do better than that. No I can't because I remember a time I really needed my pastor in my church to help me. Crooked Avenue knew pastor I need $300. I go on a trip. He looked me in my eye and told me he didn't have it. And then when I got to church, I go in the back room when they counted money, counted up $17,000 in my face. He was doing that. Counted that out. I wanted to hit that nigga upside of the head. But I was in church. Lord knew my heart. I wanted to ride my pastor. Man. I never told this story but I'm telling you I was like I wanted to ride 'cause I had already been stealing money from the church.


That's how I was able continue right around on gas money and I was trying to change my way. I had stopped stealing from the church. Forgive me, I'm sorry. I'm telling you now. I know you already know that. But I'm telling my fans that I had already stealing from the church gas money and I needed $300 to go on a trip and he didn't give it to me. And I really wanted to do something bad to him. But I knew I I, I, I, I knew it wasn't right and I didn't do it. I didn't do it. And I wanna thank God because I didn't let that devil get to me. Like some of y'all get to y'all. Some of y'all be dying on your ass broke. You see somebody doing good, y'all wanna go out there and rob and steal 'em. Don't do it man. It ain't worth it dog.


Other days or ahead, you know what I'm saying? One mistake can cost you your whole life. We got to start thinking this shit out sometime man. And it's one thing I wanna talk to my black people about. I don't ever understand. Y'all will see Jay-Z Y'all will see your favorite rapper, neighborhood rapper. Y'all want to shoot and kill and rob him but when y'all nigga see Elon Musk, y'all gonna say a motherfucking thing. Y'all getting out the way letting them walk through now I don't rob that Rob you. I ain't saying Rob nobody but I'm just saying y'all robbing the motherfuckers. I'm gonna take my crumbs. I got crumbs.


Shit show shit going on in the world man. Tyrese holler. I hear fucking hoes. Tyree holler took three women home. Do you hear me? Tyree holler. That's how you lived your life took three women home. That's what I'm talking about. I know y'all going, the bloggers going either Tyree holler took three women home. I'd rather be three women than three men. That's all I'm saying. I'm giving Tyrese Holton his credit his due.


He deserve it. Bubba live on show. He knows what he Talking about Bubba Dub because this part of the hell no Brother Dub You think you gave be a pastor? Hell no. I'd be sleeping with my members. Hell, I'm just saying I I wouldn't be right. I know I got members got plenty of money I would play, I would pray on them. Not P-R-A-Y-P-R-E-Y. Like I like if I had a member, I I I got new one $5 million on the lottery. I would step to them, look at him, you know God bless you with that money.


God giveth and he would take it. Lemme tell you something. I had a dream. I had a dream you gave me $1.5 million and I did was right fix the church up. All I did was put some sheet rock up and some door knobs and a couple signs. But in that same dream I had, you didn't gimme no money and you lost it all. So you gotta put stuff on people minds sometimes man. Yeah if I a pastor I would do that. You got all that money and when you die you can't take it with you. Share it with me brother or sister. Share your love with us.


Show God that you really love him. Gimme your money. Give it to me. I'm gonna do right with it. See at the time I might have not had no vehicle but when they give me that money new duty truck, what's the first thing a nigga go get Cadillac. Come here with the trus and voles on it. Mayonnaise and mustard. Hell ain. What we doing? We get money we don't do right. We buying jewelry. Cadillacs ain't about now how Craig is still terrible. We gotta change Allall that and we will. We gonna do right. I'm gonna do right and y'all gonna do right. We're gonna get it together.


I'm telling you the crew, that money ain't supposed to be served man. I don't never wanna be the only one in my, in my crew to have money. I want everybody to have money so that way nobody gotta worry. Nobody ask me, ask me for a motherfucking thing. If everybody in your crew got money, you ain't got nothing to worry about it. But if you the only one got money, they gonna start looking at you a little different. Remember that? Not way about you, it's about us. Sugar, wealth, that's all I'm saying. Some muff money out here for all us to get. Stop robbing man. Y'all act like robbing is a hustle. That ain't no hustle man. That's some weak shit.


Stealing from somebody, man. Taking some shit that somebody work hard for. That ain't no hustle man. That shit trash bro. Real talk. You know we going live tomorrow night like I say me and Teo and like I said I will be picking them winner that's going to a Cowboy versus Texas game with me. November 18th Arlington, Texas. So remember, don't just be coming in the chat. Make sure you get actually in the and comment. Thank y'all for watching The, Bubba Dub Show man. Real talk. We appreciate it. My team, we appreciate y'all man. Watching our show. Watching us grow. We doing what we doing and you already know I gotta leave y'all with the trash Sugar Day Yo.


Trash Sugar Day. Going to them tipping on fourfold Texans. Trash Fool's Gold had everybody Fool. Had everybody fool Texas it cj stop. Look like a mother fucking rookie today. You know what that goes to coaching. They threw the kitchen sink at fam today and he wasn't rigging but he will bounce back. But trash every day going to them Texas. 'cause y'all talk so much shit to me about my cowboy. We you the best team in Texas. You're you still is. But I want y'all to take this a and I do mean take it.


Hold it too. I gotta go seven days with this. A I had to go two weeks with mine because we on a buy. Thank y'all for watching The. Bubba, Dub, Show. Man peace. I'm out The Volume.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon


Now HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET plus with the premium monthly plan. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring and hit original series. BET plus has Culture on Lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks, and new series you'll love


Stick to Sports. Shut up and Dribble despite what some people believe sports and politics have mixed from the beginning. Now you have a podcast that isn't afraid to explore the complicated relationship between sports and politics with a new podcast called Politics With Me, Jemele Hill. I'll be discussing political, social, and economic issues through the lens of sports with some of the biggest names and smartest people. So here's the assignment. Listen to politics on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast. Let's get political.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Kig. Well, the election is in the home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne, the God we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.