
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Holiday magic is in the air. And DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a d DSW store near you or dsw.com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly. Great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core i nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only at Lenovo dot com.


How crispy are the new deli me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah, deli x crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


The Volume Volume. Welcome To The Bubba Dub Show. I'm your host. Bubba. Dub. Hit the like button y'all don't mind. If y'all don't mind, hit that like button for your boy. Only hit the subscribe button. If you already been subscribed to me, then you should already have your notifications already on. 'cause you just never know when I'm going to drop. You just never know. Thanksgiving Eve family coming in. Some of 'em you like, some of 'em you don't like but it's Thanksgiving though.


You got to have a smile on your face even if it's fake. You got to have a smile. You gotta really act like you. You glad to see you. Sorry mother. That's okay. Look I get it. I just wanna say I'm thankful for each and every one of y'all for tuning in each and every day, each and every week for dealing with me. Doing what? Doing what I love to do. Get on here. Talk sports, talk shit. That's what I do. That's what y'all do. If you watching me then you you you like this shit too. You crazy too. Y'all always saying I'm crazy. Y'all crazy for listening to me. But today though, we thankful Thanksgiving eve some of your wives in the kitchen cooking.


Your mama in the kitchen cooking your T somebody in the kitchen cooking. He is smelling real motherfucking good. Some of you got the Chis going home, some of you going went and got you some weed. Some of you gone went and got you some liquor, some beer, some of you Oh somebody right motherfuck now. But you decided you gonna go buy you a 3.5. You were gonna go buy you some Don Julio or some Titos or you just say damn who you owe. You enjoy yourself because it's Thanksgiving. Y'all full of shit and you know it.


But I'm happy though. I can tell y'all right now man. I can't wait to go down to my people house tomorrow and enjoy myself. Eat chicken and dressing, mac and cheese, ribs, chicken, Turkey. Real motherfucking Turkey. Some of y'all turkeys don't be looking dumb for me. I'm sorry. Putting the Turkey in the oven for an hour and a half. That motherfucker Turkey is raw. Oh. Raw ass Turkey man you gotta try this dub. I be damn. You better go get one of them designated area 51 people to try that damn fool because I'm not trying it. I'm going with a food is well prepared, hot done and most of all good.


That's what I'm gonna eat at letting you know right now. If you come to my house, wherever you at, you see me eating, I'm sitting down eating you come in. Don't think I fora put my plate down to shake your hand or give you a hug motherfucker way till I get done. Actually I, I'm put my plate down for nobody. I'm here for a reason. I'm here to eat. I'll talk to y'all later. Gotta shake your hand Now I gotta resize my hands again. I ain't got time for all that. I ain't got time for all that now. When I got a bowl of Chis come here. Who all eat chitlins Get in the chat line right now. Let me know who all eat chi.


Matter of fact, who cooked the best chitlins in your family? My auntie. They got that fat hanging right here. She the best Ain't Bullshit that fat coming off that shit. She get the cling of no shit. Get the the whole house stink but when it's time to eat, damn it is time to eat. Some of you women big in the kitchen three or four days and the damn food still ain't gonna be on the time tomorrow. Trash food gotta be ready for the first NFL game tomorrow. Oh yeah it's football. Oh my. Oh yeah it's football my and football and I can't wait.


Cowboy get another W I'm not bullshiting. Watch the cowboy run through a giant ain't bullshit You one of my boss grandson the quarterback for the giant shit. They not Finn gonna beat us. Ain't no organization crime family member can play football. I don't give a damn what y'all say better yet. Quarterback Tommy Devi trash. You watch Michael Porton get off tomorrow. God damnit it's Thanksgiving Gobble And. if you a man you watching this show, you gonna work hard. You gonna out here and put food on the table. You ain't gotta get that gobble gobble tomorrow.


You can get it tonight. Tell your girl on her mother gobble on me. I want it. I need it I don have it but my mom and daddy downstairs I don't give a damn my damn. How they fixing hurt you in here tonight? All night long too. I'm putting in work Come out the next morning get your daddy dapp and smoke a blunt with him. I'm a G. I'm a G like that. My shit You don't like it then go get your room.


I don't play them. Damn Now I don want them to hear shit be damn you gonna hear something to my illegal immigrant. This y'all last motherfucking Thanksgiving over him. Your ass got to go better enjoy you better enjoy your Thanksgiving. Right motherfucking now Trump and them boys is like big daddy on Jane go God they they selling up the horses. They on the way to get you And some of y'all like y'all can't comprehend certain things. I'm tired of y'all getting on here talking about Brody Jane. He act like he this, he act like this that just like on J go you can't treat Brody Jane like any other other niggas because he ain't like none of them mother nickels.


That's all I'm saying. I don't understand big daddy you want me to treat 'em like white folks. No that's not what I'm saying. I'm a little confused. I can see that. I can see that everybody over here talking about Brother James ain't scoring this and that. Guess what Covid Bryan didn't do a motherfucking thing his rookie season either. Y'all forgot Kobe wasn't doing nothing in rookie season. Now I'm not comparing bro to Kobe but I'm just saying, I'm talking about as of right now he wasn't doing shit. Kobe grew into that player who say Brony can't grow in the scoring 12 or 15 points a night. We gonna know that y'all stop giving Brenda James a hard time and let the young man grow up.


Let the man grow up All this motherfucking crying and bickering and that's what y'all be doing on y'all job. That's why y'all niggas be getting fired. You on your job running your motherfucking mouth. Run that machine James run the machine. I don't want damn thing about going on in the N-F-L-N-B-A. You better have your ass on time tomorrow. I knew that Y already behind on child support but you wanna be a motherfucking class trying put the plant. Okay it's all cool till they to till they walking your ass off that plant. Now you're mad now you wanna fight. No no time will get right and like I say my illegals God damnit this your last time being here ain't no more, ain't no more Thanksgiving.


It's gonna be wherever you from. If I was you I'd be already packing 'cause shit you getting Up to know Trump would come in like defend night and grab your head come you and I already done want my supervisor too. Yeah I know such and such is the boss is my supervisor but he gonna be January 9th. Who going get the job? I know your grandfather rode over his motherfucking grave of color. Gonna be a supervisor. Well guess what that day is that day I'm a prime American citizen. Law abiding citizen. God damn right. They thought they'll never see today they will be supervisor but I did.


I hung it now I hung in not big on this job. 15 motherfucking years done told on everybody I everybody that came through the plant I done told on them. That's why you gotta be patient. Some of you aint nothing now bothering your wife about the food. Be patient, your ass don't eat tomorrow. Be patient. Just make sure women when you in there cooking, just make sure you cooking with love and don't get mad when somebody don't eat a certain dish that you make motherfuckers a dish ain't good. That's all. That don't mean you can't cook. That gonna mean you just can't make this shirt and this shit.


You got to keep making it and getting better and better. And for the women that's out there cooking right now, I'm talking about slave and ooh sweat rolling off your brow. You tied them a motherfucking slave and lost Vegas. Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. You deserve some, you deserve some And you stu I'm talking to you with them gold teeth. Put some gum in your motherfucking mouth. Breast smell like yeast infection Cat. What's up my jeep, my shoe. God damn you been eating bombing fluid or something?


Mouth and some of you ths. You got your daddy feet too. I'm, I'm looking at some You got your daddy feet, daddy chin daddy hands and everything. They starting to scare me. I hate a motherfucking female. Got her daddy ear Bitch get away from me. You hurt too. Goddamn damn mother. Oh big pinky toe have as well. It's Thanksgiving though man. Oh I can't wait man. I thank God to bless me to be where I'm at today. Woo. I can't wait. I know some of y'all can't wait.


I know some of y'all probably ain't seen y'all family members in the minute and you finally be able to see 'em. Some of your people probably been in prison, they finally back home Now to be with the fam, it's a beautiful thing when you, you know when when your people can change their life for the better instead of the worse. I got family members being in and not to penitentiary their whole life but they keep finding they self go back in that motherfucker. And I keep telling my anger or or even my my mama or whoever, my brother's in jail, my cousin in jail man I don't understand baby. I don't understand why they just keep going back in there. See they miss they boy there ain't no motherfucking I'm gonna keep getting in back. Ain't mean they woman in me nigga fighting to go to the penitentiary.


Do you hear me? They fighting to go. They can't wait to go. Them boy got women in them pen. I'm trying to tell you I don know who them niggas is and now Negroes and I'm trying trying to chill like on the n word I don't know who them Negroes in them penitentiary is but them nigga put milk to them. I'm not bullshitting. Little negro put me. I'm so good when they come back home to be with us, they don't wanna be with us no more. They do anything they can to go back. Tell me I'm lying nigga go out here and rob fresh day back robbing ain't got pocket full of money but robbing what that tell you, they wanna go back and then get that meat


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With intel core i nine processors, gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only at Lenovo dot com.


Just a few years ago only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


Hey, this is Mario Lopez from On with Mario Daily podcast. Here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with the superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Seba and I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist, it's efficacious, you're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life Meaningful. Beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Yo they won't that me and they miss it. My uncle, my uncle was in jail 15 years. I can't make this lie. When he came home all he did was stand outside at that door and get looked all day long get looked, just start to scare me. But my grandkid, I just wonder what my baby waiting on. Shit that boy, he know that boy coming home and Damnit gonna be there waiting on it. And they thought I was lying two years later that whoever that dude was, he came home, him and UNC rolled off, they went out west. UNC ain't been back since. He doing good. He ain't calling and as nobody nothing.


But he left with that boy. Now my cousin ain't denial. My daddy ain't no shit. Shit. Like hell he ain't, that's why I don stand by So of black folk, we talk about everybody else but we wanna talk about our own now we gonna keep it like group aint mad at show up today and and come to my crib and eat and drink but it's gonna be our plastic silverware. I bet you that I can come over all day. His plate plastic, his far plastic, his cup plastic Shit.


He ain't putting his lips on my shit. Not, not not never too much shit going on out here. You can't trust everybody either. When I pull up down another mine I don't have my arm mag. This ain't trash with me. You not smoking me. I'm smoking by myself. I give you but you not putting lips on my shit. Not gonna be able to do it. Not all Now back to what we talking about the sport cowboy playing the giant I'm guaranteeing the cowboy whoop the giants ass tomorrow. I'm telling you New York Giants is in is in a disarray of them right now. Don't nobody wanna play for the Giants no motherfucking more either. Our man is not coming through them doors no more.


It's over Tom Cough. It's over. It's bad when the rats don't even wanna go to church. What motherfucking rat don't wanna go to church? Ain't nothing but cheese at the church. Why you think them pastors there? The cheese is down and them rats don't want to go. That should tell you something. Jim Jones out here smoking blunts passing out Turkey Senior. Something going on in New York y'all I don't know what it is but it ain't right. Pete Diggy done got denied again now Pete Diggy trying to give these people a hundred million dollars and they won't fucking take care.


What that tell you? That tell you broke. People like me should never get in trouble. That's all. God damn this singing then y'all ain't get in this kind of conversation. No. Get my chat up y'all bullshit. Y'all bullshitting tonight on Thanksgiving Eve I take time out to come talk to my beautiful people man. And y'all letting in the chat get the chat up. One my Cowboy fans said you ought be in this motherfucker rocking because we ain't had many ups this year because we've been down But damnit we finna win to in the row.


I bet you him. I bet you Cooper Rush do what he supposed to do and I'm gonna talk shit about this victory too. I'm gonna celebrate it. I don't give a damn when going nowhere I don't give a damn. I'm all about winning. That's what I'm gonna do And come Sunday night you best believe the Buffalo bill I'm gonna be in Buffalo. They beating the 49 too. Kaepernick over this motherfucking grade right now. What Buffalo Finn do to the 49? I guarantee you that Chicago Bell you get in your ass beat tomorrow by the lion 45 or seven.


Damn right. I said 45 or seven tomorrow. I want everybody on the Detroit line drug tested them motherfucker been balling Henry Ford rolling over in goddamn arm carports right now. The way his team don't you know Henry Ford will do everything in the world if he could to see their team win. I mean Ford after Ford after Ford done die and no motherfuckers been But they still been holding on. It ain't how you start, it's how you finish. I was smoking that motherfucker the other night. I don't feel nothing. I don't feel nothing.


I feel like I be can bubble. I pulled out that deal don't come. I already had the lights off. Strapped up. Yeah strapped up. Shout come here. Oh something different. I feel it now. I know you do. Best one $79 I ever spend my life you would've got the new Js but I went and got the new deal though. Strap on. Come here strap shouting and I put a condom on it too. Come here boy. What safety days with it? I don't wear no condom on the real one but on that deal though, I'm putting a condom on it.


I practice safe Sex six. Come on. I ain't bullshit. You ain't get no bumps on my strap on. Damn. I'm trying to tell you boy I'm smart. Ain't bullshit When y'all man y'all better stop bullshit and enjoy your life because you only get one when it's over. It's over. Ain't no Doos, ain't no do overs. So I'm telling you today, put your picks in with prize picks baby more be more on your, less on your favorite player. That's all you got to do over there. Yep. You my promo. Coach Trash with the two Hs. It's more or less when your favorite player put your pix in right now.


Tomorrow while you're watching the game you could be getting money. Big money. I like it. I used to. There's die hell y'all about that. Too much bullshit going on in the world. Like I told y'all, Drake suing Kendrick White skinned shit if you ass me white skinned shit Drake the type of dude that'll start a fight, lose the fight then call police nigga stop it. They done told you you not like us sometimes you gotta take your losses man. Drake take your loss bro. You know what I'm saying? Kendrick won the battle.


It is what it live man. Get back in the booth, get back to singing, get whatever it's over with man. You can't change what's in our hearts and in our minds and I'm a Drake fan but you lost dog. I I don't like you no less or you know it's what live I like. I like I like the music you make Drake. I don't care about no bagga rapping type shit. That ain't your stock dog. You don't see me out here trying to fight do you? Hell no. I know I'm gonna lose that. That's why I do shit that I'm good at. Like you to challenge the Kendrick how many times you can look at yourself in the mirror in a day. Drake. You gonna win that motherfucker.


We know know you stay in the mirror fam. You gotta do shit you good at. I know a nigga can't. I pop pills, pop sex pills to me. I'm a sex pill. Pill pop. Same way preacher and them be popping pers even though he lying, he ain't really popping. Niggas got y'all fool. Shit I'm popping sex pills jail. Them roast bars come I'm on, I'm talking he can only take one. I could take two and I ain't got no damn Michelle either. I ain't got either. I got one of them Dodge motherfuckers that you got to go down through that work.


She hard headed. She won. Feel it in her motherfucking chance. I wanna feel it here. I ain't got that kind of meat but let me put my pistol right up under your motherfucking breast. You damn right if you gonna moan Bow, I'm bullshit. I put that right up under your motherfucking stone. Don't moan shit. I'm gonna tell you. I'm just telling y'all the truth today. Get the check up Packers playing the Dolphins. Who y'all got winging that Packers or the Dolphin packs. Even though tuna fish tool been playing good, I got the Packers winning that game.


They gonna be in Green Bay. It's going be cold And we already know a dolphin will drown when you take his ass out the wall. That's all I'm saying. Ain't no damn wall in Green Bay nothing but cheese and white folks come and bonfire shit you don't think these white people having bonfire right now. You lost your motherfucking mind. You don't think these white people back walking in Walmart with having fun and open toes out. Shit you allow watching it with my own fucking eyes. White people got swag again. They nice. They inviting you to these potlucks.


They back doing, they're doing Christmas programs again. They forgot all about Christmas when Biden was in office. Now they back doing Christmas program. They giving giveaway to the kids again. Shit I be a goddamn fool getting these white folk away. I'm not getting in they weight. I'm getting out they mother fucking way. So I got the Packers beating the dolphins tomorrow. That's what I got now this how it's going to go tomorrow. Real talk Cowboys gonna run through the Giants you got. Damn right. Detroit gonna run through the path. You damn right packs in the, it's gonna be a good game but the packs gonna come in against the Miami h Ventura Dolphins.


That's the way I see it. I don't know how y'all seeing it but y'all talk to me now, right now. Somebody get in the chat right now. Let me know who, who make the best chicken and dressing in your family and don't lie. Don't lie. And if somebody in your family food nasty is you willing to tell them right there in their face that this ain't it. You tell the weed man that every time the weed ain't what it is. You tell man this ain't it Darlene. It ain't like that last tell you. Tell the person that cooked the food that I bet you won't. I bet you take a as whooping in that house too. You know it. You know your brother, sister, your cousin, your uncle and boy. They'll put something on your ass if you tell whoever cooked that food. It ain't good. Guess what? I'll, you know why?


'cause I got my hand on my pastoral man. I'm gonna be honest with you. This chicken and dressing trash. This, this ain't here. You put too celery in this shit. This ain't here. You know why I'm gonna talk shit when I got my heat on me every mother fucking time. Now if I ain't have my pistol on me and my pistols in the pawn shop, I'm gonna sit right there and And you like the fool baby? Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Fool. Good. Even because I'm scared I ain't, I ain't got no protection when I got that thing on me. They very vocal. Very vocal. And we'll let you know I got that thing on me too. So you can say what you wanna say all you want, all that. You'll do this that you might, but you run over here bow, you won't see now another Thanksgiving either, nigga you won't see now.


Another Thanksgiving nigga want your jersey. I told y'all man go holler the fanatics. I got a jersey every day rest of the year. That's that Vince car in case y'all won it is Vince just in case you want this event, I'm doing 12 days giveaway of Christmas of jerseys and hats and apparel too. So be on the lookout for that as well man. Pray everybody just watching this show. If you can't even watch my show, you just gotta listen to my show. Go to Apple podcast, go to Spotify, type in the bubble dub show, download it at that man. Don't just go there. Download it. Get them Apple. Get get get it up for me man.


Get these downloads up for you boy man. That's all I ask. I don't ask much. I really don't. I pray that y'all stomach get full. I I pray that the food y'all eat tomorrow nourish y'all. I know some of y'all been having a dime year, but it's not over. God not done with you. I promise you that. Even if you not religious, that's your business. But I am, I'm a big firm believer in God, Jesus Christ man. Without them I wouldn't be where I'm at today. Hard work, dedication. Ain't nobody never gave me nothing man. Dub had to get out here and work for it man. I know y'all on the outside looking and this shit look easy, but it's not easy being away from your family, it's not being easy when you gotta invest the money that you make in yourself.


That's how I'm make it. I invest the money in myself man. Real talk. Whatever money I make, I put it right back into the pot because I know it's a bigger pot somewhere and I gotta get it just like y'all out there right now. You, you, you, you're hustling man. You got one foot in, you got one foot out. But you gotta trust the process and whatever you're doing man, trust the mother fucking process. Things will work out. You might got a woman on your side and you, you're putting money into the pot but every time you look around she grabbing money out the pot. Just what you do, bitch, you got go. You messing up my stacking. You got go. If you ain't in the pot, you can't take nothing outta it.


Stop trying to buy love fellas. I know some of these women beautiful bad to the motherfucking bone dying pieces. Yeah, your ass everywhere. That woman don't mean you no good. You let her ass go. Sometimes we don't. Sometimes it ain't about what you want. It's all about what you need. You might think you want that big ass. You might think you want that pretty face but don't want. That means somebody else want. Yeah. Get you somebody you need. Get you somebody you need leg. If you're watching this show, stop having sex with men that you want.


Start having sex with the men you need now. You know your son need a man in his life. Go get you a man that need a son in his life. That's all I'm saying. Go hand in hand sometimes man. Gotta make it make sense. Stop having sex with who you want and start having sex with the people you need. You know you ain't worked this year baby. You know, you gonna know if you going, what you going to with the kids might not get enough for Christmas or now you know that so that you know what you need. So you need to go out and sell some cat that's all. Sell it. What you, what you holding on my oh, scary money.


Don't make no money. Now your son or daughter gotta go her little friend cousin house Christmas and watch them open up that gift. But they ain't have no gift. They ain't right. You a selfish motherfucker. You should be making sure them kids wake Up to a nine Christmas. You gonna celebrate it. That's cool. But if you do them kids deserve presents under they play. They deserve presents under that tree. When I had prisons under my tree, I, before I even unwrapped my gifts, the rats already unwrapped them. See that's why I come from the mud nigga. I wasn't the only one opening my prayer. The rats was opening with me. Nigga what we got by the way. Good them I, I'm a mud baby.


For real. This ain't no cap. I remember hitting the light everywhere. I mean everywhere. Yeah, I come from that man. And I wouldn't change none of that shit in the world, man. That shit made me who I am today. It made me drive, made me wanna be better than than what I could ever be and take it farther and further than I could ever take this shit man. Yeah, I really live that come from that and don't and and not embarrassed by none of it. I'm a food stamp baby.


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


This holiday season. Skip the cruise socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty's all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


So what I'm saying, giving Thanksgiving I the way I live my life than it's Thanksgiving every day for me it's Thanksgiving every day for me. I don't have to wait till November the summer. It's every day for me that God bless me to wake up man, wake up and be thank God able. Wake up and see my kids and call my mama and man people who gonna have their mother lost their mother. I'm praying for you. Sorry for your loss man. I got people who mothers been gone 20, 30 years and they miss 'em just like they passed yesterday. Praying for y'all. Coping for y'all man. Ain't nothing like being able to call your moms and talk to her man about anything I'm going through. Because one thing I always tell my girl, man you might leave me but my mama never will.


Your mama gonna always be there for you when she real or in the afterlife. You know your mama gonna always have your back no matter what. Ain't nothing like a mother's love man. I'm just being honest. Love my father Butell. My mom and my daddy been together 46, 47 years. Man, love my old man to death but there ain't nothing like that Mother love man. Real talk. All my old heads on here watching the show. I'm pretty sure y'all parents gone on the rest in peace. I know y'all probably feel like you just lost him. I'm praying for you as well man. Man God is good. God been great to me man. I know he been great to y'all as well man. So I want to get condolence to the people who done lost their loved ones this year.


It's been a tough year for us all. You know one day you here, the next day you gone. That's why you gotta live your life. You gotta enjoy it. My old head on here, 55 and up right now. Man you, you damn there body regularly retire man. Enjoy your life man. Take your trip somewhere. Go and do what you want to do. If you single man, you 45 and up and you single, you like man I don know what to do. I got a little money but I don't know what to do. Take your ass to Columbia. Thank me. Take your motherfucking ass to Columbia and go down nothing and have a ball. They even four hours, all it cost is four hours to have a time of your life. Matter of fact, you go to Columbia and just text me or email me. I send you some money.


God I send you some money. Enjoy yourself. No calm. Don't speak no English either. And I don't either. Donna get nice. My home boy go down there, Columbia, every what? Every two or three weeks. He go down to Columbia. He know he watch this show. He know I ain't lying. He go Columbia every two or three weeks. Donna get off. American. Women don't don't they going they they they support us. You know what I'm saying? Love. Love. Now soon you get off the plane is up.


Ain't sure you got the plane you I be like tomorrow Shit. He knows You watching this show then you already know it's part of the show. We do the hell no thing. Hey when we talking about Thanksgiving, if I'm, you see me at Thanksgiving eating and you come in and you think I'm finna stand up and give you a hug and shake your hand? Hell no. Not not doing none of that. I shake your hand, I hug you. When I get done eating right now I'm beating. See I'm eating in lying boy. I'm telling you boy aint man I been mama, I been thinking about y'all man.


I've been thinking about getting y'all the house Bill. Lying like a motherfucker too. I ain't thinking about getting nobody house Bill. They ain't gonna know that though. I'm coming down to the mouth feeding everybody. Number lies. What y'all want for Christmas? Yeah lemme get a piece of pie mama. What y'all want for Christmas? Lemme get something that sell too mama. What you put this? This a little different. I'm get you a car too. Y'all think about getting car shit I'm dying Lies all because I'm getting them to go place tomorrow. Come on some of my friends. I ain't seen 10, 12, 15 years. Y'all been in my dm. Ooh I can't wait to see you pulling up tomorrow. Yes.


Don't wanna do what you say you gonna do to me in that dm. I'm here now. Don't be shy now. You fucked everybody in the scene now I'm here. You ask shit show off of me I don't like all that bitch show off of me. I see table you 15, 20 years ago. You a big freak. I freaking show me what you got. Every time I close my I don Wake Up to so horny I can't get you outta my mind. Sex you is all I see. Hey that's how I'm feeling tomorrow when I pull up.


I'm not, see I'm not shy. Oh no duh. Not shy. I'll pull this one inch monster out in a minute. Boy. I got a blind fo you first. I can't let you see it like this first. Put the blindfolds on. You got Ooh it's small but it get bigger as time goes on. Come here. Come on. I keep it off. Gimme some ass Thanksgiving, Christmas. You got gifts? You got gifts Christmas. I'm shit. You ain't got the edge Shit. They gonna be coming through off Amazon boy.


You are. Shit. What you alien tv? That's nothing. I put you big alien tv. Now your sheet rock might not be this motherfucker but I put you big. You you can go live and show your friend. I I got an alien bitch when you get alien and I got a new car girl. What you got? A 1998 Altima. Damn right. But it got another seats though. Hey I'm, I'm here to help. That's what's wrong with you me when you get with women y'all just want to get the cat and everything head and take from this hole. She already ain't got no her aside. You taking everything she got. You got to bring something to the table. Least I can do is go get you a 1500 car. That's nothing. I go down there.


Holler help her. Hey get that motherfucker on some liability insurance. 1500 registration. We out the do about $1,950. Come on. But with that $1,950, you know I'm done. I got that cat for the next three years. Y'all wonder why they hold me y'all and don't want nothing to do with y'all. 'cause some niggas like me coming through taking care, taking care of business everywhere. Taking that's what I do. I'm a real man. I go out and buy groceries, wash some powder, dishwash some niggas soap, toilet paper, all that y'all, all y'all wanna do is take these whole steak 48.


Then next thing you know you want get between they legs. It don't work like that. Don't mind and die. You got to show 'em something different. The hos ain't got cable. The whole firing stick up ain't got cable. Come get that bitch Direct TV in Alive something. Yeah. Show be you long. I ain't, I ain't never had cable because I ain't never watched movie Lying. Watch live time sometimes tt Yeah yeah do something different. Y'all be tripping. You gotta treat these women man. Treat 'em not trick 'em. Treat them my real old school on here that don't mind buying school clothes.


I salute your family. I sil You are real. Even though you gonna have to give up some of that cat for these old school, they gonna make sure young are for school. Don't let the boy be good in football. Old school going to the game now Mr. I ain't never seen you at the game. What? And then myself, he got his eyes on Mr. Irv don't believe in buying no $200 Jordans. But he do not. He don't give a damn about mj. He was a Patrick fan but that woman that put that good cat on him, her son getting them Js too off the real, he don't like Jordan.


He love Patrick. But the little boy wearing Jordan too. I bet you that ain't no if answer but either Earl I need three 50 for junior call and get it. Damn right. And when she come over there and get it, he rubbing all on that ass. Licking in her ear like Melvin was doing. Jody mama baby boy come here. She what? You laughing at your spoiled ass baby. Stop playing with me. Make sure y'all get this chat up. Chat should be through the roof man. Y'all do your boy do wrong man. Make sure y'all serve is live man. Make sure y'all serve is live for your boy man Q Gibson.


What's up man? You know I'm rocking liability insurance. I got a, you know what I mean? I ain't bullshit. I don't care if I got a brand new Benz outside. Liability. Don't you hate when you go get a car they want you call your insurance company and make sure you got full coverage. I get full coverage on here today. But by the eight more days liability, I'm paying no 3, 4, 500 for no motherfucking liability. Y'all. I'm not lying. Liability on my car baby.


All that State Farm, Allstate, all that never, all nothing. What it is, Bobby, hurry up going down there to them goddamn Mexican insurance company. How much $39 be leave it about the lie. Shit. Fist killing nigga liability, trash of the day going to the people who got full coverage, trash peeing, all that motherfucking money when the car break down, if you told it just to, I'm a real liability in the game, baby.


Yeah, I ain't spending my money on all that shit man. I'm stacking stack season My Thanksgiving. Enjoy yourself, enjoy your family man. If you got a day off, enjoy it man. Enjoy it man. Enjoy your freedom while you on earth. All my kings, I pray you your ball out rest of your years. All my queens. I I pray you get everything you that you need in your life, man. Thank y'all for tuning into the Bubble Dub show. See y'all again. When I go live I might go live Martin I. Don't know man. I might be too full of dressing. I I might be full of that drink I. Don't know. But if you see a notification then you know it's going down.


Man. Peace and love. Happy Thanksgiving to each and every one of y'all out there. Thank everybody that watch this show. Goodnight man. Please hit the like button. Hit the sharp button here in the comments. Let me know you enjoying the show. From The Bubba Dub Show. We wishing everybody and saying everybody happy Thanksgiving. Peace and love. We out The Volume


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypno cool Bardstown Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out For details.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today@greenlight.com slash Iheart.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe. It these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.