
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now, all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa. Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt, Victoria. Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin Hand More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate, they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


The Volume. All right, now y'all know what time it is. Y'all know what time it is right here today I got a special show for y'all. I need y'all stir this to five people right now because I done told you I I was going do it and I done done it. Yeah sir. To five people right now. And I don't wanna hurt man. This show too long. No it ain't. It ain't too long. This what y'all been wanting. Well guess what? I'm giving it to you today. I'm giving it to you today. I got a legend in the building.


Who you got though? To who? To Let's get to it. Sad news. Sad news. RIP Kobe's father Jelly Bean. Bryant RIP to him. He passed away also. We lost a football player to Jacoby Jones. Our, our prayers, our hearts, our condo condolences go out to, to those two individuals who lost their life to the family. We praying for y'all stay strong and you know God knows best.


So let's take a moment of silence today and to mourn these two people. Jelly Bean Bryan and Jacoby Jones. Y'all, if y'all don't mind. Hey now y'all doing a little too much on Brony. Y'all, y'all, y'all acting a little too much on bro. I don't like it. Nah, he ain't did nothing. This whole mama so he ain't did nothing. But he did show us he's athletic. We know that. We know he can jump out the gym. We know he can play defense before it's going. He ain't got it right now. He need to go back in the lab. He need Japanese or Chinese. A Asian Korean, somebody in the lab with a book like this.


Study him go left, go right. Huh? Spin Move come off the pit. He needs somebody get give a what at fam I'm gonna need you to get work with bro. You say he got a book outta Engine. See right now he got a Honda now I still believe in your brother. Most everybody else got in man. The boy TRASHH now. I ain't ready to say that yet. 'cause I told y'all if you from 18, 19, 20 years old, I can't call you TRASHH right now. I can't do it. Y'all only when they get 21. It's when I call them TRASHH. They still babies to me. Man. I'm a grown ass man. You ain't a grown ass man until you, until you over 21 in my book.


So I can't be calling no 18, 19, 20-year-old TRASHH. I can't do it. He even though he playing like it because he damn so playing like it. I think he owe for 70 behind the three point line. Stop shooting the motherfuckers bro. Go back down there to the little two form because you pull up game and do them three point game ain't ain't in right now fam. I don't. Maybe it's the pressure on you right now bro. But you got plenty of time to get it right. I think you will. I think you will. But it's okay. It's going get better. It ain't got no way. I ain't got no trouble about to go up right now. You low but I don't get it y'all. He's a second round 55 pick 55th pick. What? What? What you expect?


What y'all expecting to play? Like he was the number one stopping. Oh because he's bru son. He shouldn't be. Maybe, maybe so, maybe. I don't know. Jalen Brown, you pillow talking on the side like fam ain't nothing wrong. What? You said you feel like you don't think you a pro. Cool. But don't go back on Twitter talking about how you just Nah, don't do that. Stand on it. Maybe that's why your ass ain't, they already know your thoughts and how you feel. Don't do that. Stand on it. Feel like the man ain't gonna pro damnit. He ain't gonna pro in your eyes. That's cool. But don't let the word, don't let these people get in your ear.


Start making you feel bad for what you said. You ain't said nothing wrong fam. That's your opinion man. That's your opinion. That's cool. That's all. Don't let the people you know persuade you to go back. Let me go back and say this man, because being, because his father in the league and, and it's a great thing. We know it's a great thing fa we talking about this game from what you went and seen. What did you see? You feel like you ain't seen enough. Cool. And then just leave it at that. There's some people on here mad at me. Do you know the boy trying man, you, you know what I'm saying? You get suck. I ain't sucking up to nothing bro. Don't pay me. I ain't never met him. I'm gonna keep it 100 on this show. Yes bro.


James been playing like absolutely dookie. He have but do I think he's dukey? No I don't. Do I think he belong in NBAI do. But do he need to prove some more? Yes. I that's the first assessment I can give him. Some of y'all, y'all don't give a damn. And and and I get it. Maybe y'all know somebody right now that's better than Bruley but didn't get that chance. Just like my bro t say hey we already know life ain't there. America's not We, we know that. That's one thing about me on this show. I'm gonna keep it 100 man. I ain't going, I ain't on that sugarcoat and shit. I ain't trying to be on nobody's good side and all that side.


And only good side I wanna be on is guides. That's it. The only good side I wanna be on life is God nobody else. I don't mind coming on here and saying LeBron playing bro. Jamie playing like Dukey. He know it. His father know it. Everybody know it. But does that mean he's Dukey? No, that's all I'm saying. Matter of fact man, I'm feeling so good today man. Start sharing this show. I got something for y'all to do. Start sharing this show because what I'm gonna do this year, football season, basketball season, I'm gonna start inviting y'all out to the games with me. Yeah. I'm gonna start inviting you out to the games with me. And, we And, we gonna have a ball.


How about that? We, we, we you gonna be in your show. What? Absolutely. So keep tuning in each and every week watching us do what we do. And you gonna get that invite to a, to, to a game with your boy. Do. Ooh. I'm telling you. Gonna have a lot. You ain't gotta worry about no flight. You ain't worry about no room. You ain't gotta worry about no food. It's gonna be already taken care of right here on the bubble. Do show him a fight. I told y'all I was gonna do it. I told y'all I was gonna bring a legend in a did and I ain't done you at work today and you can't watch it visually, but you wanna listen to it. Go to Apple podcast, go to Spotify, type in The, Bubba, Dub Show and make sure you leave me a review. Also make sure you cut your notifications off.


I'm gonna need you to cut your notifications on for Yeah I want you to know when I'm dropping, I'm dropping number Heat. Y'all see it? The show is on the rise baby. Yeah, them numbers going up. Fear going up. Life's going up. Come is going up. Guess what? You could be going up in this year too with me to a game. Who you wanna go see The Cowboy 49 Eagle? Whoever go and watch Sunday, you have a chance to get to be able to come out with me and enjoy the games with me. How about that? That's something that I wanna do. You know, we, you know, let let y'all know I'm a real one man. I know something of y'all might not be able to ever afford a ticket to go to a game, but I wanna make it possible for you.


And the way that you can do that is by keeping tuning in each and every week. Keep coming. Show me, DM me showing me that you sharing it to your people. Man, I need that. I need that feedback. And when I see that, because somebody keep DMing me, showing me all the shares and shares and shares you're doing. Oh that's a no brainer Dick. I'm flying you out somewhere to, to a game with me and have fun with me and my team, me and my family. Yeah because that mean you family. If you watching me every day and you telling everybody about me and you support me damnit we family. If you giving me, you know what I'm saying? Just your attention enough. I gradually appreciate it. I'm just trying to get this show to the top and I won't stop.


Y'all know what Doug won't stop


And. if you watching this show then you already know this show has been presented by prize picks. That's right. Going download the number one sports betting fantasy app right now in the world. Who Prize picks use my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs baby you got right now. Lemme show you how to play this game for the first time users. It's either more or less. You put in a hundred dollars, they'll give you a hundred. They matching all the way up to a hundred dollars for the first time user. Make sure you put that code in though. Traffic two hs. Real talk. Now this how this game go. They might have WNBA going on right now and you could pick points, rebounds Assist, three Points attempted. You could do all that. They might have Caitlyn Clark scheduled to shoot five threes. You either put more lists for Rick. That's all they might got Andrew Reach to have eight points more or less. Wilson, they might have us later for let Rebound more or less. That's all. More or less Nothing. Ain't nothing else to it. Only way you gonna win on if you don't play. But Damnit, if you going play, you better type in my promo code trades. Damn until you can win big. That's right. Tell y'all some real shit going on right now. Man. I told y'all y'all been watching baseball. You better tune in. Shoot your turn for the Dodger Cole. Damn. One of the best pitchers in the game and one of the best figures in the game. Do you understand what I'm saying? You a pitcher throwing the ball like I'm talking about 102 miles an hour. Throwing the ball like Randy Johnson but hitting it like Barry Bones from Japan. If I'm a major league baseball coach owner, I'm going to Japan. I got, I'm on the first fight to Japan right now to go find me one to damn magic. Johnson got heal attorney making for 10 years. They got a $700 million contract and he worth every penny. I'm going to a damn baseball game. I don't give a damn. Y'all telling me Bryce Harper the best player and ain't when he with the Nationals and left. They won the damn square series. How he the best now that guy and Avarez for Astro Cole. That's a bad motherfucker. If you asked me. You never astro a bad mother. I don't know too much about baseball, but I'm about to find out. I'm about to learn. I'm pulling up to the game. So if y'all like baseball Damnit, you got a chance to pull up with me too. Let's go get some popcorn, some hot dog. You can have a hot dog. I don't do zes, but guess what? We gonna be there drinking, girl eating popcorn. Nacho talking noise. Damn. I wanna know who the best pitch in the game. Somebody right now let me know who the best pitch in the game and I wanna let you know they ain't better than Aton gently. Jackie's hand boy. They rolling over and Susie rolls right now. Excited. They excited right now. I told you I'm on fire. I ain't playing. I told you I'm gonna step my game up motherfucker. I'm gonna step my game up.


My freaky bulldog done have puppies. She got something. Come here early Christmas. Present for me. Love my dog. Got my dog in the middle, the living room. Come here. I put my keys in my baby mama mouth for my dog. I ain't lying. That's what them dog Bria do. Them dog Bria got them dogs in the middle of their living room and they delivering the damn dog. They self, they gonna even deliver they own damn kid. But they'll deliver them. Damn dog. They real talk shit. Welcome back to The Bubba Dub Show. It's your host Bubba Dub Today. We got a legend in the building. I'm talking about a real legend. I'm talking about a hall of famer. I'm talking about one of the greatest TRASHH talkers they ever played a game.


I'm talking about to everybody give everybody give it up for to everybody. Give it up to how you doing ma'am? I gotta give up for myself too. You know what I mean? For some of the haters that I don't want to give it up. I gotta give it up for myself too. Man. You know, you be all, you know, you know, you know you, you be some shit. Teo. No, I don't be in nothing. You just think I be in the I you think I be into some shit. I don't be in nothing. Okay. I I'm finna show you some shit that you was in. You probably you it put to you. It wasn't shit. But to me it was funny as hell when you posted that video of you and all them white women in that video with now sister or nothing, they to your ass up in them comments. Oh, they did, didn't it? Yeah. Yeah, that yeah. Yeah. That was from my clothing line.


I know what before, but the people didn't. Well well that just shows you sometimes the ignorance of our people we can be ignorant at sometimes. But it had nothing to do with me excluding sisters. Actually that video, it was impromptu, I was down there to shoot a, a video, some content for my wine and I think my clothing line for sure. So the girl that I had to create some of the content or what have you, those people, those girls and mostly of the girls, it was a hairstyling stool Stu salon, like right next door that were her friends. Yeah. We just impromptu like literally did the video. We honestly, we had done that video probably like probably three or four months before we actually posted it.


Yeah. So again, it went viral. All for the wrong reasons. But again, that just shows you kind of like, you know, where we are in America, we don't really like to kind of like we we're, we're quick to react without even really understanding the context of what's going on. But, you know, Tell, you know, we who gonna wanna know, you know, the sister feel like they losing all those men to the white women and they just more, they were just regular. They was just regular to get on your ass. Fa IIII get it. So again, it is what it is, man. Hey. And I was in the comments being messy. Look at it so, and motherfucker that what mean be A mess. Hey, my sisters, my black ladies, my beautiful queens out there.


I'm sorry. Hey, it was, it was an innocent, it was an honest thing that I was doing. Hey, you just gotta understand the context of which things presented to you. Okay? If you love white women, God damnit you love white women, I love people regardless of your color, your ethnicity, your background. It is love has no color to it. And I understand being a black man, obviously, like I said, being a professional athlete, sure people were, there's, there's a stereotype that comes with that. So obviously again, I've dated white women, I've dated black women for the people that don't know I have kids by black women, right?


Yeah. But clearly people don't take the time to really get that type of information before they start going, you know, commenting and popping off at the mouth. You know about certain things about my love life, who I like, who I don't like. Why did first, why does it even matter at the end of day? 'cause you're a celebrity. I like who I like, I love who I like, I love, or whatever the case may be. Let me be me. Well you to baby you a celebrity man. You know people gonna be nosy, fa you know that. I get it. I'm with you. I respect it. I you just know how the world is, man. No doubt. They doubt. They doubt. Wanna be all in your business. All in your Business. That is for sure, man. But let's get straight, Man. But let's get straight to it.


Let's get straight to it. T you, you know, a Hall of Famer ride receiver had over 1,078 receptions, over 153 touchdown. But at the end they say you was a C in the locker room. How did that make you feel? Fa like what did that boo, where did that bullshit come from? Man, If you listen at it, you are on the very platform in which a lot of that information has come from the media. Yeah. Social media platforms. But if you think about it for the people that listening to what you just said about me being a cancer or distraction in the locker room, where did that information come from? Who did that information come from Me?


If you think about it and you gotta be smart about it. Have you ever heard any of my teammates say that? And I, I haven't press, I haven't pressed no Again, I'll leave it, I'll leave it at that. Not one of those guys media wise has never been in a, never been in the locker room with me. Even Marcus Spears, who I played with the Dallas Cowboys from oh six to oh nine when I was, when I was being inducted on the, yeah, I was in the process of being inducted into the Hall of Fame when I got inducted into the Hall of Fame. Obviously he works with ESPN, he's heard some of these same narratives he went on and he looked in that camera and basically told everybody Where did you hear that from?


I was in the locker room with this guy for three years, not one time. Was there an issue in that locker room where it reflected or backed up what the media was saying as far as me being a distraction in the locker room? Bro, it is what it is. At the end of the day, I feel like your same passion for the game is the same as Tom Brady. Tom Brady's passion doesn't, you know what I'm saying? He didn't get called out on it like you would or a Dez Bryan would. Well, you know, I'm, you know, I'm just be honest. Black players would like, we, you know, we live in, in, in the world now where, you know, I feel like back, maybe back then, maybe now, if they were saying that about you, they would particularly mess up your contract of a big contract that you're trying to get when they do these smear campaigns on our, you know, players like that.


So that's, that's I guess the way I was looking. Negative thinking. 'cause like I know you personally, bro, I know you good people and, but I know the younger to that's probably worse than know how you is now. Like you wasn't whooping nobody ass in them locker room fan when they got that line. No, no. I've always been a person. Now, if you cross me then, you know, we, we may have to, you know, you know, throw some hands or any, you know, something like that. But never really had to do that. I had one incident in Philly with a former teammate, Hugh Dugs. But again, we've talked about it. Squad. Yeah, yeah, we talked about it. But that, you know, that was, that was that man I grew up, you know, in a, in a household under the roof of, of a, of a, of a lady named INE Black.


And she basically just told me like, look, you know, you're not gonna take no butt whoopings, you know, if you take a butt whooping, then when you get to the house, you're gonna take one, you are gonna get another butt whooping. But again, at the end of the day, you know, we were taught not to let anybody run over you, not to let anybody disrespect you. And so early on in my career growing up, you know, I was skinny, scrawny, you know, didn't have the lot of strength, didn't have the, the confidence to, to, to combat some of the things that came my way. So I got picked on teased, teased a lot, numb, namely for being, you know, dark skinned, you know, dark skinned dudes in at that time I got picked on for not being, like I said, I wasn't the most handsome guy growing up.


But again, I grew up, you know, where you have to protect yourself. You know, people are gonna try to, you know, they're gonna go as far as you let 'em, and I'm wasn't gonna let let anybody disrespect me. And, and, and especially in my latter years, early on, like I said, I was skinny. I was kind of afraid a little bit. Got beat up, teased. But it, it came to a point when you push a person, you push 'em to the corner. It's, it's fight or flight at that point, at that point in time. So I can't fight either to, so shit don't feel bad. I can't fight now. Shit, you can fight now. I can't. I'm gonna call the laws. I'm just being honest. I ain't Finn do no talking, no fight, none Of that. My grandma told her, look, if they too big for you and you can't, you don't feel like you can beat 'em up, pick up something, hit 'em and run.


But so, so, so let's talk about until your, your great NFL career. I know you gonna talk about it plenty of times, but we gonna dive into that. When did you really know you was nice like that? Probably like, probably like end of my, maybe say fifth, sixth, seventh year in the league. Now that's in, in San Francisco. Yeah, that, yeah, again, I was, I was, I was raw. I was raw to the position, new to the position, especially experience wise. Again, went to a small school division one AA and UT University of Tennessee at Chattanooga UTC Southern Conference. But again, I, I wasn't, I wasn't a, I wasn't one of those notable guys.


I wasn't an all American or anything coming outta college, even outta high school. I wasn't your four or five star athlete going into college. So everything that I gained, like I said, it was a developmental process. When you think about Randy Moss, who's who stepped on the scene straight outta Marshall, his first year he started as a rookie. I mean, he was out, he was right, he was putting up instant number. He putting up instant thousand yards, you know, 10 plus touchdowns. I, I, I had to groom myself to, to catch up to where Randy was. Randy Moss was initially stepping into the league. So it was a, it was a gradual process for me to get from like A to Z for everybody to see.


Kinda like that maturation process again, I was Terrell who groomed himself to be a receiver who became to in the process, namely because John Madden and Pat Summerall, who obviously covered a lot of my, my early years, especially my rookie year in San Francisco. But again, I, bro I just had to kinda like, develop myself into the receiver that I became. So same, similar situation that my son is in now playing for four, what? Three? Three or four schools? Three schools playing for what? Three or four head coaches out of the four or five years that he's played at the collegiate level. His last stint at Missouri State put up some decent numbers considering he didn't really start, but he got his foot in the door.


So for sure, again, you know, same path. Was you able to learn anything from Jerry Rice? I mean, yeah, I mean just honestly how to run routes. I was like, I keep telling you I was raw green, didn't really know much about the receiver position. My senior year I continued to play basketball on the basketball team. I played three years of basketball where I walked on my sophomore season. Played, you know, through my senior season, my senior, my senior year, the smart, the sports information director, they basically asked me, you know, was I gonna play my senior year in basketball because there was some opportunity to play at the na at in the NFL.


But me, I didn't think I had the skillset to do that. So I'm a fan of basketball, you know, we talk about basketball all the time, you know, you know, my goat, my two goats, one and two is MJ and Kobe. You know, we go back and forth about this whole LeBron stuff, but, oh, She bad goat. But yeah. Yeah. My, my, my love has always and affectionate been for basketball that essentially that, you know, my basketball, you know, skillset and, you know, essentially kind of helped me on the, on the football field just with just with hand-eye coordination, being able to escape defenders, you know, stance and start get around defenders, this and that and the other. But yeah, man, they, they thought that I was gonna just really concentrate on football 'cause I had the opportunity to play in the NFL, but I didn't think that, so I just continued to play basketball.


And then when the scouts came in and wanted to work me out, the basketball coach excused me for those days. I had my pro days, I went out, ran, we had, we did the shuttle, we did all those drills for them to evaluate right up, you know, as the draft approach. And so again, I, I increased my stock, my value with some of those individual workouts. But my stock really rose and I really got on, got on the radar of a lot of teams that needed receivers, big receivers at that time during the, during the senior bowl. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I'm putting you on game. I'm educating you. Why wouldn't, yeah, I, that's what we here for. That's what we here for, for you bring us into to world baby.


Yeah. That's what we, that's what the fans want, Right? Next year, This summer, I will be shooting my documentary with Prime Amazon. It's going to air next year, 2025, maybe somewhere prior to next football season or somewhere mid football season. It's going to air. I got a lot of, you know, friends, family coaches, former players, former coaches that's already agreed and committed to the, committed to the documentary. So a lot of things again that you speculated in the, in the beginning about the whole locker room thing, all of that's gonna be put to rest. And it's gonna show you how the media really kind of unfairly criticized and characterized me not only, and not only as a player, but as a person as well.


We're gonna have some, some credible players and, and people on that documentary to really show you how really, kind of how messed up and corrupt that business is as far as the media's concerned. Do You think that kind of hurt you in the eyes of the other NFL owners or maybe even potential? No, abso absolutely no, no, no doubt about it. At the end of the day, man, my, I I was raised by two strong women and my mom and my grandma. I know right from wrong. I was raised the right way. Again, if I was, if I was even a half the, a smidge of the person that the media has characterized or portrayed throughout the course of my career, don't you think that I would've probably be, I've been outta the league, what, 14 years now, don't you think?


I probably would've been in some type of trouble that would've followed me off the field or outside of football at some point in time. You would think that if that was my character in which they portrayed. But again, God has a way of kind of revealing things and I've always straight, I've always stayed true to, to who I am and who I was own and off the football field. And when I was on the football field, I was a, I was a different person. I, I consider myself sort of like one of those Marvel comics or, or, or superheroes. When you think of, like, you think about Huck Hogan, not Huck Hogan. I'm scratch that. When you think about the Hulk, you got the Hulk and then the human version of that, that's David Banner.


You think about Superman, you got Superman, you got Clark Kent. Yeah. When you think about Spider-Man, you got Spider-Man, you got Peter Parker. And then as it relates to me how I'm trying to make that, that comparison, I'm the same way. You got the superhero part of, of who I am. That's to, and you got the human, human side of, of who I am. That's terrible. So a lot of people got to see and and understood that superhero version. They, they, they only know to, based on how the media covered me, how they portrayed me. And that's really only the information. A lot of people that know of me, that's all they know of me, is how the media basically kind of just gave information in regards to me.


But they don't know me on, on, on a off the field. They know me. They know to, they know the, to persona. They don't know the off the field persona of Terrell, how you, how you, how you feel about Bernie James right now. Oh man. I mean I I'm sure he has a little bit of pressure. I mean, naturally you're gonna say you don't, but again, when you step on that field, and obviously you got cameras and you have so, so many expectations thrust upon you, you're gonna feel it a little bit. I mean, you've even heard some of the greatest talk about, you know, some of the biggest games that they played in. So, you know, Brony hadn't played any big games, but it's, there's some similarities when you're thrust into that, that limelight, you're, you're thrust into, especially now with so many media outlets, social social media platforms.


Again, his dad is one, arguably one of the greatest basketball players to ever live. So now you're, you're trying to not necessarily fill his shoes, but you're trying to live up to some expectations because again, him as, as Brody James, he wants to make himself proud. He wants to make his family proud. So again, until he gets comfortable and really just kind of just block out all the noise, and I saw the interview, you know, online where, where, where LeBron said, you know, Brian doesn't give a fuck. You know what I mean? He said he don't really care about the noise. There's a little bit of, I'm sure there's a little bit of truth to that, but again, we're all human, human nature, you know, we're all going to, you know, we all hear what the out noise, out outside noise is saying.


But again, he has to just stay on the path. And once he gets comfortable, once he starts to, you know, get, feel really comfortable with the system, the guys around him, the coaches, that, that allowed him to just go be free and play, then that's when you're gonna see, see Bru James. He has to just go out there now and not really try to live up to the expectations of everybody else. Just go out there and play his style of play. And then I think everything will fall into place for him. What do you say to the people who feel like other people are better than him and they ain't get the chance? I mean, that's, that's just how the world works in corporate America. There are a lot of people that go, go to school, qualify for a number of jobs, and then there are people that because of relationships, because of the family members or whatever that case may be, they leapfrog in front of people that are very qualified for the job.


So, you know, that's just, I mean, life is unfair sometimes, bro. I know you get seen when Jaylen Brown got caught, you know, pretty much pillow talking, saying that he could think Bernie James was a pro and then he came back out later and tweeted that, you know, he felt like he's going to do good. I don't like that personally. Like stand on what you said, whether it was in private or public. I mean, he didn't say nothing wrong. He could say he felt like he didn't feel like bro James was a pro yet and that he should go to the G league and, and work on his game. But, you know, people trying to make it out to be a big thing. It just is it just his opinion at the end of The day, right? At the, and that you took the words right out, out, out of my mouth. At the end of the day, that's his opinion.


Again, some people may frown upon it because he's who he is. Maybe sometimes you shouldn't say you shouldn't speak out loud, you should, you just keep your thoughts to yourself. But it is what it is. Do I feel like he's ready to be playing at that level? Who am I to judge? There's a lot of people that are in the league right now that probably shouldn't be playing. Look at Gianni's brother. Shit, I can play better than I, nigga I strange. I can, I, I get, I probably can play just as good if not better than Gianni's brother, but because of that relationship, because of who Giannis is and the, and, and the power that he has, he's on that squad.


Like I said, it happens every day in America. It doesn't matter what type of position or or job you may have. Like I said, it happens all the time with owners, CEOs, you know, general manager, managers of, of, of of different companies. They're gonna hire their family members if they feel that there's a position for them to, to feel. So they go on in the NF NFL now with the coaches do that, go on in the NFL right now, Right? Owners do it. Coaches do it at every level, at every level. You got guys that are in the, in, in, in, in different levels, different ranks in basketball, whether it's baseball, football or whatever the case.


And guys just kind of just leapfrog in front of people. You have people that don't even have a lot of experience and then they, they, they jump up to offensive coordinators or they jump up to, to defensive coordinators. Then all of a sudden they're head coaches after a year or two of being a graduate assistant. There's really no finite, you know, tier system to where you gradually sometimes for some people you gradually work your way up. Some people do, some people don't. Like I said, because of relationships, again, that was a guy, Todd Haley that I got coached by and in, in Dallas and he went on like I think Pittsburgh or whatever the case may be.


He only got those jobs because of his dad. He wasn't, he wasn't the best, best receiver coach that I ever had. Yeah. But he got that job for a few years back, four or five years back. The guy Joe Judge that was the head coach of at the New Jones. Yep. Yeah. Who was he? But he I know damn body, I know a damn nobody. Right? But he got the job again, why? It had to be because of relationships or something. He can, like there are so many I've, I've, he was a receiver coach. I know a number of receiver coach that I've been coached by Larry Kirksey, Ray Sherman, David Culley, David Culley got a job with a Texan just for a year.


But those guy George Stewart, who was my, who was, who was my special teams coach early on in, in San Francisco, then he was my receiver coach, my last probably like three, four years in San Francisco. Definitely could have been a head coach or qualified to be a head coach. If you not, if you, if you, if you listen to 'em correctly, all those guys are black too. Yeah, that's a problem too. I mean, it's a problem when you got the Rooney Rule, they tell you right there, it's the damn problem. Right? But at the end of the day, you know, like I said, sometimes life be life and it, it is not fair for, for, for us people of color.


So again, I don't see nothing wrong with how LeBron James, the position himself put himself. I call it POP position of power. He put himself in a position of power by what he's done on and off the on and the court of that basketball court. And again, he's afforded his son the opportunity to to, to be on, to be on an NB an NBA roster. Yeah. Do I think it's fair? Probably not because look at some of these guys that have worked their butts off, have dreamed of playing in the na have, have dreamed to play in in, in the NBA. And again, you look at the, you compare, you know, last year's 55th pick to this year's 55th pick with with Bruny, look at the pay disparity.


You get what I'm saying? So again, I'm not hating on it. Like I said, there's a little bit of give and take. You can, you can have with with both, with with, with those situations. But again, I'm not, I'm not mad at it at all. Like I said, it happens every day in White America.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York, who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like, what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like, why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments, you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss ASAP Rocky, I don't Big Sean Camila cabal, doji cat Dua Lipa. When Stefan Halsey poser, she's Urban New kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend. Thomas Rad Victoria Monet, A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there Now@axs.com.


My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It Was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate, they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Give me your your greatest football player of all time and don't bullshit either. Your greatest Greatest, Yeah. And number Ono ain't number one. Ooh, greatest. Yeah, Greatest football player of all time. All Time. Greatest football player of all Time for you though? Just no, just for you in your opinion. You know, man, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking bro. I I've never really been, I honestly, I've never a been asked that question the greatest football player of all time, bro. I have, bro, that's, that's tough. I mean, because there's so many, there's so many positions. I I one name come to mind, but his, his career got cut short and he put, he was a dual sport athlete.


Both of these guys were dual sport athletes. And that's, see that's, that's between Dion Sanders and Bo Jackson. You look at what, what those guys did. Like you gotta consider those guys when you're talking about the greatest football of all player of all time, you gotta consider those because they played other sports. Yeah. And, and they were, they were damn good at both of them. So to not put those two in consideration for the greatest player of all time football player, bro, that's, it's, it's For you. But not to say Tom Brady, they gonna kick your ass. Man. I ain't really Stu Tom Brady, to be honest, Joking with You man. Tom Brady. Tom Brady ignored me, bro. I was one my, I think it may have been his last year in Tampa Bay, the year that AB went, went crazy on it.


Okay. When you On the jet. Jet, yeah. Right. And I know, and, and I think everybody knew, I think about a year and a half, two ago and I was talking about coming back. And so at that point in time, it was at the end of the season, I didn't need to play a full season. I just, they just needed somebody to fulfill, at least fulfill some holes with ab leaving at the receiver position. I think my guy Chris Godden was hurt or something where he was still struggling with the, with the hamstring or something like that. So again, I reached out to him through Randy and a couple other people just to come in and just play third down, third down the red zone situations. You know, this dude really ignored me, bro. I reached out to him and he tried to play me off through, I reached out through Randy and he was like, and I know this probably gonna make news or whatever, but I don't really care 'cause it just shows you how, like the lack of respect is.


But then when they get in front of you, they wanna act like they respect you. So me under understanding that I'm a hall of famer now you, you've seen what I've done on the football field, but it shows you a little bit of what arr, how arrogance comes into play. So that first week they were going, they went to play Philly. So I reached out to my contact like, yo, 'cause Tom Brady could have made that happen. He pulled the trigger, I reached out to some people in the books organization and again, they were pulling their fillers out. I had been showing, I had been working out showing tape this and that. How, what I was doing, and again, I don't need to do anything but play third down the red zone, bro. You missing, you missing, you missing ab who essentially that's all he was really doing.


He was playing sparingly, me understanding the game, understanding how to play with a Hall of Fame, future Hall of Famer and, and, and, and Tom Brady and trying to add to what they were, what they already had, bro. They had just won a Super Bowl. He could have had an, honestly, they could have had another, he coulda had his a Super Bowl. Just think about what you get said. Hold on. Think about what you just said. If you could have played with Tampa Bay, he could have potentially had his a Super Bowl. Yep. How do you think he would've looked a failed by that? That's probably why. A reason why he ignored you. What's that? That's probably, probably was a reason why he ignored you. Why think, just think about what I'm saying here. You come back, help them get a eight ring, bro.


He knows the tension gonna be on UTO, not Him. But that's what, didn't you just hear what I said prior to that? I said there was a, there was a lot of arrogance 'cause Yeah, I guarantee you he thought he could do that. Win it without ab Correct. Trust me. Because they went to Philly, they beat Philly, they came back, this was the year, this was the year the Rams, this is the year the Rams won the Super Bowl. They came back and they played ran, they played the Rams at home. I think they were getting whacked mo WPP in the first half. And then they ended up coming back to make the game close. But they came up short. So that's where I'm telling you, that's where I would've added value to at least help to at least help probably win that game. And then he's on a path to win his a Super Bowl.


But hey bro, it is what it is. Trust me. I know I reached out, I had people to reach out. He knew that I was, I could have possibly helped him, but again, it is what it is, bro. Yeah, yeah. You know, at the end of the day, like you say, it's arrogance, it's politics. They, you know, bro, He come, trust me, quarterbacks are in position, especially someone of his caliber. He's just like, he's just like POPA player in a position of power, just like LeBron. If he really wanted me, bro, like he could have made that happen. Speaking of quarterbacks, gimme your, your, your top three quarterbacks that you ever played with. Played No particular, no particular. Oh, I played Steve Young, Steve Young, Ryan Fitzpatrick The magic man.


And I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. Even though he, he got me up out of Dallas. Him and him and Whitney and Gary. You better not say it. You better not see it. I'm you Gonna put Romo over Mc Nav, I'm gonna go Romo. No, no, no, bro. Trust me. When you think, when you, when you talk about fundamentals of the game, does, does McNabb have a stronger arm than Romo? Yeah, absolutely. But when we talk about fundamentals, accuracy, being a, both of 'em, being able to make plays outside of the pocket with their feet, bro, I, again, I was on path to do a lot of great things in Philly with, with, with Mcna, but I encompassed a lot in a short amount of time in those three, three years with Romo as well.


I, I, I played with a number of quarterbacks to know that the skillset and, and the ability of quarterbacks, and again, when you talk about like ball placement, accuracy, reading, defense is just really just dissecting and putting the ball where it has to be. Whether it's with zip, a little bit of touch, Romo possessed a lot of that. And again, there's a number of players that has been on the receiving ends of, of, of, of some of Donovan's passes or what have you, bro, trust me, he wasn't the most accurate and the most, most, I guess, quarterback, the, the best quarterback with, with touch when needed.


Okay. Question. So how did Romo prepare you for before games and how did mean NAB prepare you before a game? What's the difference? What was they intellect at the end of the day? No, Both. Both, both are smart individuals. I, they didn't prepare. I, my, my coaches and my individual preparation prepared me, prepared me for games. It was up to myself to prepare myself for game and, and my, my receiver coaches, as far as the overall goal of what we were trying to accomplish. We, we all knew what was at stake. We understood that the defen, the defensive schemes that we prepared ourselves against, we understood the mismatches and it was all about, okay, well, which quarterback possesses and understands the defenses most to take, make the most outta those mismatches.


Again, like I said, I played in, I played in 21 games in, in, in, in Philadelphia. And I had 20 touchdowns, bro, and three years with, with, with, with Dallas, with the Dallas Cowboys. I had 38, I had 30, I had 38 touchdowns. So I was, bro I was, I was scoring touchdowns at a, at a high clip, bro. And it was, it was to a point to where honestly, when I stepped on the field, I felt unstoppable. It wasn't really anything that really could stop me, but, but myself. So Darrell Revis never stopped you? Yeah, but there were times, I mean, when you look at those statistics, you'll bring them up. Yeah. It could be misused in the sink where it looks like, okay, well he stopped me.


But again, there are, there are times during the course of the game that I was open, oh, you just didn't get the, but I, I had him beat, but I didn't get the ball. And then there are times where, again, the down and distance, it dictated where the ball's probably gonna go. And he was smart enough to know that. And again, it was either bad throws or very contested defendant. The defendant passes. So not taking away nothing from him, but I've, I've scored on Derell refa before. Oh, you don't hear, but Right. But if you look at the games again, break down the tape. There are times that I was open, quarterback didn't make the right read, I didn't get the ball. So it looks like, okay, well I only caught like two or three balls for X amount of yards.


So he shut, he shut us down. What, what about the, what about the, the wrong reads of the qb when I was opening, I didn't get, I didn't get the ball. Those How does That make you feel though, when you knowing Bro, it's just, it's, it's good for, it's good for football talk. No, no, that's not what I'm saying. I'm talking about you working your ass off. You ain't been getting the ball, but now when you are open, you're not getting it. How does that make you feel? That's What I'm saying. I mean that's, hey, that's, that's, that's part of the game. It's almost like being a basketball player. You're open and, and you shoot a shot and you don't make it. What can you do about it? Those are just, it's what I call that missed opportunities.


So, but for me, unfortunately, there's a little difference in basketball and football. Yeah. My success is dependent upon someone else, and that's the quarterback. There's a lot of things that factor into me getting the ball. Obviously I have to get open, but guess what the line has to block. The, the running backs have to pick up blitzes. The quarterback has to make the right reads and he has to throw the ball, you know, and, and in, in the right place and make a good, good throw to the receiver. So again, those numbers, I've seen it where he, they put all the VUS island and they put everybody that he's going up against and it looked, trust me not taking anything away from him. But at the end of the day, like I said, there were missed opportunity during the course of those games.


That's why I've never really said anything, because I know I've, I've scored on the rail recent before. If you look at when he was with the Jets, when I, they played, we played in Dallas. I ran, I can't remember what the route, but I scored on him and left side and the left, the left, left side of the end zone. So again, those things don't bother me. It's good for, I guess, the show. I mean, he is a hall of famer. He was a hall of famer. I mean, you know, Bro, at the end of the day, I, I can't do anything about the comparisons and what it looks like. Like I said, if you break the, if you break the film down, all those, all those plays or whatever, like I said, there was times that I was open, I just didn't get the ball.


Was I, was I frustrated? Was I upset? Yeah. But just go back and, and, and, and, and, and play the play, play, play another play. I, I, I like that. Teo, another question I'm gonna ask you Mag, at, at, at, at the end of the day, at the, at the wide receiver pos at the wide receiver position, what would you rank yourself? Honestly, Nigga? I'm, I'm, if there's one that's Jerry one A, that's me. If you wanna go one, two, that's Jerry, that's me. And then you got Randy. I, I, I, again, bro, I played, I respect, I respect it. I played the game. I played the game the right way.


You did And. we, again, everybody has witnessed, you know, you know Randy, you know, doing his thing. I did my thing. Everybody wants to bring up that I was, you know, like you said earlier, they talk about what I did in a locker room, which had, which really has no validity to it. Yeah. Because I was competitive, because I was outspoken, because I took up my, took up for myself. That doesn't make me a bad person. That shouldn't make me a bad teammate. But when you think back 10, 15, 20 years ago when you had some of the, the, the white personalities, that's how they tried to phrase it and frame it is that, oh, he's just a, you know, just, just this malcontent this this disgruntled black football player that wants the ball.


Like they tried to label us divas, this and that and the other. Yeah, that's the Word. But when you think about it, I never, I never did anything. And, and again, to my point, have you ever heard any football players on any team say, or back up the narrative or the media portrayal all these years that they said that I was a locker room distraction or whatever the case or cancer as you, as you mentioned. I heard, I heard. Nope. Nobody, Bro, you've, you've never heard it. But again, stay tuned, stay tuned to this documentary. It's coming 2025, believe me and I, I heard it, Man. 2025 to got a documentary coming on Amazon, Amazon Prime, Amazon.


I can't, I can't wait to see. I know everybody else can't wait to, to tune in because you know, you got, you're an interesting person, Teo. I Am. I mean I'm very, very interesting. Yeah. I'm a very interesting individual. Yes, you are. And you know, and, and it just go back. You say you, you view yourself as one A or, or one B. Then you say you, you got to over here. What's something that you can tell the up and coming wide receiver in the NFL right now man, about preparing how to, how to prepare your body for a season. Again, there's a reason why, again, the, the tenure of, of the life shift or the football players like three to four years. And that's because a lot of guys, they're so fixated and put so much work into getting the bag, and then they're so satisfied with that bag.


Then they, they, there's a drop off in their preparation. That hunger kind of just, it, it, it's kind of pushed for a push to the, to the wayside. You know what I mean? You gotta consistently have that hunger to get better each and every year. That's, and it's the same way in basketball when you look at some of these guys that have so many expectations, so much potential, either from your peers, the organization, the expectations are so high. For me, I didn't have that, but I, I still thought I had the ability to be one of the best in the league. So I, I I, I was a realist in a sense to where I said to myself, look, I'm not as good as I know that I should be, or I can be, but if I keep continuing to work and put myself in a position to do so, things are pan out for me.


And that's essentially what happened. I always talk about how I describe my career and I describe how I got to to be a hall of famer, and it's three words, desire, dedication, and discipline. Everybody has a desire to be a do something in life, but we all have mentors. We all have barometers or people that we, that we use as barometers of per per barometers of, of success in whatever profession that may be. Whether it's swimming, basketball, tennis, football, whatever it is. We all have people that have played this game before, before us that they have set the standard and like, oh man, I wanna be like that person. I saw that person in Jerry Rice.


I didn't really know who Jerry Rice was till like my junior year in, in college because I didn't follow, I didn't follow football like that. I knew who Michael Jordan, I knew who the Pistons and all these guys were before I knew any, any really professional football player. But being drafted to the ERs in the third round, 89th pick, I saw what greatness was. I saw what I should be. I wasn't there in my first three or four years, but I continued to work and I had the right people around me to push me. In addition to your preparation as far as how you train, you know, whether it's weights or whatever the case may be, nutrition became a big part of my life and my lifestyle, especially football.


Those things kind of go hand in hand. Typically, like I said, in high school, you start out, you're lifting weights, college at the college level, you're doing the same things. But once I started to really, really take care of my body and really nutritionally put myself in a, in, in a place and I'm like, okay, well, you know, after my third year, I found a personal trainer and buddy prim, he basically taught me how, how to kind of take care of my body from a nutrition standpoint. Eating three or four, five meals a day, you know, protein, understanding how your muscles are breaking down when you lift weights, needing the proper rest. Sleep deprivation is really, it's pro it, it's really high when it comes to a lot of athletes because we feel like we're invisible.


We can go on a little little to to little to no energy, no sleep at all. Y'all used to party before games. I mean, during the course of the week, my first three years I drank a little bit. I'm not a big drinker, but I used to go out on Thursday night, whatever, then shoot, Friday was our light day. Shoot everybody, you know, if you drink on Thursday, whatever, come in Friday, light day, everybody was in the steam room trying to sweat it out or whatever the case may be. But at the same time, when you're getting in that steam room, what you're doing, yeah, you may be sweating it out. You may sweating, sweating that alcohol out, but you're sweating out the fluids that you need on game day.


So you're dehydrating your body. So if you don't recuperate or rehydrate, then you're set. It is, that's a recipe for disaster. Disaster because that's when people start pulling, you know, having these soft tissue injuries such as groins, hamstrings, all these type of things that come up during the course of, of the year. And you wonder like, oh man, this guy always having hamstring issues. It's either because he's not properly hydrating or he's drinking a lot during the course of the season and not putting in enough fluids to, to replace the alcohol. So all those things, man, that's, that's what made me who I was, man. Number one, I, I just, I took into account and I was receptive to the guys or the people that, that came into my circle that wanted me to be better and strive for me to be better.


And that's what I did. Because I know I didn't know everything. I was like, again, I didn't, I didn't think I was gonna play beyond the collegiate level, but I listened to everybody that, that, that came my way. God bless me bro. I ain't gonna tell them. Like, you always thinking about you talking about your, your grandmama praying for you, your mama grant, praying for your people in the church, praying for you, praying family, man, bro. I honestly, bro, I made it 'cause I'm sure, bro, there was a lot of, a lot of prayers answered, you know, with a lot of people praying for me that I probably didn't know, that I didn't know about. So for me to not really know what I was embarking upon, and then obviously to reach the level of success, it wasn't by accident, of course I had to put in the work, which is, like I said, my desire, my dedication.


But when you think about discipline, that last day, when you think about every sport, there's only a handful of great athletes. When you think about basketball, there's only a handful every year in different eras. Why is like, it's not a whole lot of great athletes. You probably got like five, five, maybe five to eight good players. But your top five is, is considered your great athletes in every sport. For me, in my position, I'm considered, I'm in that top three to five. When you look at basketball, you know, you, you, you probably got your top five. America probably has their top five. But what makes them great, the ones that really stand out are your LeBrons, your Kobes, and your mjs.


What makes them so great and your step desire? Number one, all of 'em have a desire, dedication. They did that. Discipline is what separates the great from the good. And that's why when you think about football as it relates football, just think about how many football players it, it is in, in, in America. There's thousands of football, good football players, but there's only a handful of great ones. And discipline is what really separates it. A lot of, a lot of kids, a lot of people, they talk about being great. They want the reward of being great, but they don't want, they don't wanna put in that work that they, it, that that's required to be great. They wanna probably, they wanna cut some corners here and there. The great ones don't really, you, you've heard about 'em, they don't, they don't cut corners.


Did you, did you ever have sex before games? Did I, we, nah, we had, 'cause we had curfew. We wasn't like, we weren't like basketball, but where we Be getting in trouble. We, we didn't have, we didn't have cur we didn't have, we wasn't, we didn't have the freedom to, to not have curfew before games. I bet they got, I bet they can do it now. Things done changed now till they probably, I mean even, even now, football, NFL like there's curfew. There's curfew, which is crazy. And So Tom Brady had curfew. We the only players bro, we're the only players that football, the NF L's the only team that sport that literally has curfew, TRASHH that.


Not basketball. Not baseball. I'm sure hockey, soccer, none of those ha don't, which is crazy. We're the only sport that has curfew, bro. Of course we got people that's gonna try to, you know, that snuck some people in or Yeah, that's What I Feel. Man, come on bro. Where there's a will, there's a way. I mean, trust me, I'm sure some people that have have done it, you know what I mean? I may have too. I just, I just can't remember. CTEI think. Yeah. Y'all don't, don't play with that. They gonna be trying when you pass one these day, they, we trying to get your brain. Hey, hey, hey. But CT is real though. He is not making fun of it. Y'all, we all know CT is real. Not, I'm not, we all know CT is real.


So this a part of the show where we we do hell no. Hell no. I asked you a couple questions and you tell us. Hell no. Hell, you ready? You ready? He knows. Ask me if I wanna do this, do this second. Nah, I ain't gonna ask you because I know, I know you gonna wanna say that bullshit. But we gonna get straight to it though. Hey Man, hey you see that back there? Hey, that's What I said. Man. We see that. We gonna get to that look like a silver back with the gray right there. I seen you the shade too. Hey, I just wanted to see everybody. Let everybody see that, that shit, I don't listen to you excitement.


That excitement To on the hell no segment is Donvan. Nbb the best quarterback you ever played for. Hell no. Is Steve, Mary Cher the est coach you ever played for? Hell nigga. Double, double, double. Hell no triple that. Hell no. Is Tim Brown of the Oakland Raiders better than to Bro? Hell to the no, he ain't even even brought How is he, how is he, how is that even a question, bro? He ain't, it's A question up. It's Tim Brown, I Get this, I get this, I get this is your show, but he ain't even, he's not even brought up in, in, in no discussions as being one of the top, top five receivers.


So why does that's 15? Ain't ain't you top 15? I don't Why is that even a question? I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't look past top three. What? Oh, oh, arrogant. What you say about Brady? That's Con that's no, that's confidence. And I have the statistics to, to Prove that. So terrorize you, Randy Mouse. You don't see nobody else. You don't see me. I was a cold receiver too to, I told my meniscus in five spots. That's the only reason why you arguably number one. Number two one for that. I'd have been a head of your ass and I wasn't six three either. You wouldn't be top in, in, in, in, in a field of blind folks.


Yo, I'm, I'm cold te right now. If me and you went out for an NFL tribe, I get the job over you. No, you, no you wouldn't even, no, they wouldn't even consider you first of all. Come On, come On. You couldn't. No, you probably couldn't even make the roster of a girls, a girls football team. Really? I no, I'm being, I'm being, I'm really like that dog. I'm, I'm fool you. I'm really like that Bubble. Do you talk, you talk good And this, it's, it's, it's for this baby. Ain't that what you gonna say it's for Right? But, but but your your your your confidence. You can't, you can't back that up. So just because you just hit a home run in the MLB game the other day, you're feeling yourself again to, yo you, I'm pretty sure you gonna tell me right now you can go and play right now in the NFL right now.


14 right now this year are coming up. You, Bro. That's, that's without question. People like you, you people like right, people like you and Shannon Sharp to get on these shows and you start feeling yourself then you want start down talking on somebody that a hall of famer that can really do it. Who down talking. I ain't no play nigga fan. Right, but I mean, but You said, you said me and saying down, I gonna down talk. I speak facts. I'm just saying, you know, he trying to say I can't do this, I can't do that. Hey, you just Said the same thing. No, no, no, no, no. Lee got the sha no brain sha no real release. Hey, you Just said the same thing. You just said the same thing. Sir. You think you can go play right Now? I'm talking about with me and you. I'm saying that the safety for you can state your case that you can still Play.


Hey man, ask me some legitimate questions, man. I Oh, so that wasn't legitimate. No it wasn't. See you Yourself, everybody, everybody in your audience know that I can play right now. No They don't. Everybody, no they don't. Everybody that watch The, Bubba, Dub, Show. No they don't. I know you could probably still play, but they don't know that. Yeah, they know. They Better know. I know you still in shape. Yeah, I don't like what you get said. Take your shirt off. I don't like what you get said. Say I'm trying to downplay you. I don't. That's what Know you still Play. Hey man, that que that's what that question implied. I know what you mean. I know what you meant. But when you look at the, on the people watching this, on the, on the other side, the audience, they know what you getting at.


Don't be trying to, I'm That you, I'm getting that. You letting the 32 NFL teams know that when they receiver was getting hurt, ran your ass in so you can help them. That's all I'm saying. Look man, I ain't hard to find, bro. I ain't hard to find. We know that. I can see you behind the picture. Look. Hey, How was that, how was that playing in the MLB game hitting the home run? What was that feeling like, bro? Oh, Like softball man. You, you, you see what I did to that softball nigga got, I sold it. I was, I was this close from hitting it over to the, the real fence this close. So you all who, who was Mvp? Oh, Bobby Jones. Bobby Jones. He played, he, he's a podcaster or whatever.


He, he, he, he just like you. He better than you though. Okay. But yeah, he, he, yeah, no, I never heard Of him. Never heard of him. I know I'm just messing with you. No, but no, no. He, no, he played, no, he played well. Hit well, played well. He had a ball that came right at him. He caught it very deserving of the MVP and he was on our team, national league. We won that thing 12 to 10. I slapped Michelle. I tried to knock the cuff off the ball. You saw it? Yeah. I see. I mean, I got it. You, you a athlete. I just can't sit up here and say you a football player, you can ball too. And I see you out here doing the, you a athlete till I'm gonna be, man, I, I'm probably, I honestly, I was just talking to my friend about it, bro.


I'm probably one of the most talented athletes in this country, bro. One of, in this country, in this world. I'm like probably one of the most talented bro. I can do a little You golf, Can you golf? I can do a little bit of everything except for golf. I can't play no golf. But anything else, I, I'm very competitive. I'm gonna put it on the show with it. I I'm telling you from pickleball, bowling, softball, every, obviously I play basketball, Football, you don't be on the Madden note. You gonna be on maddening 2K and all that though. Right? That's, that's, those are video games. I'm ask You question. That's that's, that's not a, that's not a, that's not a, that's not an actual skillset. You Oh yeah.


It's, it's skills. It's big money in that. They're scared playing that Man. That's, that's technology and, and there can be some glitches, all that, you know what I mean? With, with with, with that, with that video game and it's obviously, it's a, it's a billion dollar industry for Sure. Yeah. But yeah, I, man, I ain't played no video games like that since, like, since I left college to be quite honest. That's when And, we had Coach K, we had Contra Tech mobile. Those were like some of the, you know, when the graphics and the technology wasn't as great as it is now, where, you know, you really have like the 3D you know, movement, All that stuff. We, we ain't gonna say no name, but any players you ever played with and you was like, I see why you going to play?


Like they were active, wasn't there, like, is any players you ever seen, like, I see why this motherfucker ain't gonna never be in the game or just gonna be on the practice squad because of that effort? You ever see that? I mean it's a, there's a, there's a lot that factors into it. I said unbeknownst to a lot of people that's on the outside watching the game because you have every day you have coaches that evaluate these players on an everyday basis. It could be attitude, bro. It could be they their, their work habits. It could be they don't know the plays. There's always a reason why you probably see guys and you're like, man, why isn't he playing? And obviously they're not privy to the information of what the coaches and the organizations see from that player on an everyday basis.


But me being in the locker room, there's obviously a reason why that particular player, whomever that player may be why he isn't playing. Trust me. It, it's, it's just not because of talent. Again, like I said, when you come down to football and games, bro, it all boils down to wins and losses. You may have a guy that's talented, but then, like I said, throughout the course of the week, or if you've put 'em in games, they be missing assignments. You know, they run the wrong route, which is causing a busted play. You may not know watching the game, you are like, oh, why this play didn't work? Or he was wide open. Or you see a, a receiver run, run a route and the quarterback throw it, throw it a different way.


Yeah. Again, it could be a number of things and sometimes it's not always, sometimes the receiver fought, but because we're so conditioned that the quarterback is always right, if that ball is being thrown to a different spot and the receiver runs, runs, runs this route or whatever it may be, they gonna say, oh well the receiver ran the wrong route. Because ideally the quarterback is supposed to be the smartest person on, on the field. So not saying that, you know, n not all the time that the receiver is wrong, sometimes the QBs are wrong as well. But it's just, I'm just, what I'm just really trying to, trying to explain to you, I know what I know what you're saying.


It missed assignments. Like, like you say, from the eye outside we see something And, we don't know that there was a missed assignment, there was a wrong route. Or it was, It could be blocked, could be, it could be, it could be a number of anything. But we gonna, the receiver or whomever's going to get blamed for that route. And it probably don't go with the question, but it just shows you, like I said, we don't, the audience or people don't know everything that's going on as it relates to a particular player as to why that person is or isn't playing. It's not, sometimes it's not just ability. I gotcha. How you switching gears, how you, how you feel about this president debate this year, man, between Biden and Trump. How do you feel man?


Do you feel like we got, IIII just feel a as, as a black American. Trump is a, he, he's, he's a conman in so many ways and he's very manipulative and he's using the weak minded, you know, black people to, to to really, you know, gain his vote. And he's not, he's not for black America. That, I mean overall, I, I would say that he knows, but he knows he needs us to win. So he's gonna do and say whatever he needs to, for the people that are not listening are the weak-minded black people to get that vote.


But he's not, he's not for us. I respect that. Gimme your top five movies. Ooh, my number one movie is The Notebook. Nope. And I know people like, oh my gosh, you're lying. And it's not, I know the Notebook is a romantic type of film, but it, there's is, there is, there is some substance to that movie that's dear to my heart and it touches on something in which my grandmama pass from, and that's Alzheimer's. So it's not just a romantic, you know, storyline of it, it touches on Alzheimer's whom I've been an advocate for and been on memory many boards with a number of teams that I played for.


I'm very involved with the Alzheimer's Association. So that's why it's one of my top, one of my top films. And and honestly like anything that Denzel in, shit, it could be two through five to be quite honest. 'cause that dude there, he, he, he can act, you know, especially the Equalizers, the Deja VI mean any anything, anything that he plays in, bro. A book of Eli bro, I can watch his movies over and over and over again, bro. What's the difference in, in, in, in, in Denzel Washington in Samuel Jackson for you? The range. The range. They got more range. And, we And, we the range in which they can act like bro, like man, Denzel can, can do anything.


He can play you, he can play Bubble Doug. I mean he could play an old man. He can do anything. He could play have you've seen it, you can military. He, I mean he can play a drunk. I mean he can get into character and play anybody to the T. So You think he could have played Samuel and Django better than what Samuel did? Yeah, if he, yeah, I don't know about that one to Samuel played that one to the T though. I mean like, I don't think Samuel could have played Alonzo and train today. Like not better than Denzel. Hey man, you better go, you better go watch Denzel. No Denzel's that guy. I love him, but Samuel's that guy too.


What? I'm not, I never said he wasn't that guy. You just said of the two who I Yeah, I know. I'm gonna, I'm just my role. So I'm saying for me, Denzel could have played Gable and Jungle, jungle Fever. Hey. And again, maybe that wasn't the role for Denzel, but you're asking me do I think he could have played it? Yeah, yeah, correct. A absolutely. If that wasn't a Samuel Miguel Jackson and, and, and, and, and he had to audition for that role or whatever, Denzel could have done that. But was that the role for him at that period of time? Who knows? Did he audition for that role? I don't know. But you can't go wrong. Both of those guys are, you can't go wrong.


They Hellified actors Hellified. You can't go wrong on neither one of them. Nah, for Sure. Your top five rappers be, be honest. Yo Biggie Pac Ice Cube. Okay. I like two chains. Okay, you got one more? Two chain. Yeah. Nigga, two chain nigga from the A Niggas. You already know what you Already, all right, who is, you got one more Man. I don't care what you say. Oh Nah. I rock with TD boy. I rock with two chain Fa Oh, Kendrick. Kendrick Lamar is hard too. Kendrick Lamar King. And like I said, that's a, that's bro, that's a number.


No, I, I, we know that, but I just want you top five. That's all Jane Cole, all the, all those guys, man, you. No, Drake, My, my top five, I just named, like I said, that's, that's me. Everybody's entitled to that pen. I just named, I didn't know, I didn't know I was gonna get asked that question. So off the dome, those, those are mine. Hey, this your, this, your this, your this, your, this your log up man, can't nobody get mad about who you picked and who you wanna rock with. You said Tupac or I'm, I'm good now. Oh yeah. You ever listened to Tupac before games? A biggie before games or Woman? Oh, I just, I I listened to Tupac before, during my pro days, before my workouts.


Dear mama. Yeah, that's special. I I I can notice you keep saying them two women, your mom and your grandmother. I can tell they were real influence. Oh man. Real life and all that. Yeah. Shit. I mean that I, I i, I was, I was put in a position and I saw the opportunity that I had not knowing that I was gonna have those opportunities. So for me, like you don't get these opportunities, they don't come by every day. So the fact that I was put in that position and I had an opportunity to make it to the league, even though, like I said, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't quit basketball so I could totally focus on it. 'cause I wasn't a hundred percent all in with football.


But I took advantage of the opportunities that that was given to me. Even with the se with the Senior Bowl. My coach at the time, buddy Green, the last year coach that I had in Chattanooga, he, it was called the Amps, it was called a Dell Champs Super Bowl. I think that was like a grocery store or something called De Chimps. So that was a sponsor of the Senior Bowl. My coach at that time, I had three coaches in four years in Chattanooga. Buddy gr buddy Nicks, Tommy West and Buddy Green. Buddy Green came over from NC State. Tommy Tommy, Tommy West came over from Clemson.


And then Buddy Nicks was our first year coach. So Buddy Green, my last year coach, my, my third and fourth year, he, he knew I guess the representative or or the whatever for amps. And he got me an invite to the Senior Bowl. And that's where practicing and playing in front of the scouts mainly practiced in front of the GMs and Scouts during that course of the week, that's where I pretty much got on the radar and my stock rose in the eyes of some of the GMs and the scouts that week. So, and again, I saw guys that played at Power five schools like your, like your Eddie Kenon and your, and your Amani tumors, your Derrick Mays, like all these guys.


And I saw them up close and I'm like seeing them play on TV in front of like a hundred thousand. Like Michigan's and, and your Penn State, your Bobby Gram and stuff. Like, I was like, I literally, I thought they were just, I thought they were head and shoulders above my skillset and my talent and then I saw them in person. I'm like, man, they're not that much better than me. So that, that gave me vo motivation and that inspired me. 'cause I'm like, I literally thought like I was, all my routes were like, it would, I would say they, it was TRASHH compared to where I ended up. But when I saw them, I thought their, their route running was on in a, I thought their route running was on another level than than mine.


And then when I saw 'em, I'm like, man, they're not that much better than me. So again, I didn't do anything different. I just continued with how I approached practice, my work habits caught the ball, ran, caught, got up feel. And that's what caught the eyes of, of the scouts. That was something I was doing naturally. And then when I got to the San Francisco 49 ERs, Jerry Rice did that 10 times more and better than I did. He was catching the ball like five, 10 yard routes, curl routes, out routes. He was catching that ball and then taking it to the end zone. That's why he was probably the best condition and that's why he was able to really take over games when the other guys were tired because of the way he practiced. People didn't know that.


But that's how I was, I was strong at the end of the games just as I was at the beginning of the game. But it was because of my work habits, my work ethic. It was how I approached practice and my, my games. It seems a lot easier than, than, than they were. A lot easier than it was because my practice habits, That's how I like what you just said when you said, when you sing them in person, you feel like, well they ain't that much better than me. And that's how I feel when I go watch other big time comedians perform. I go and evaluate and I evaluate where they are and where I'm at and I'm like, damn, I'm, I'm, I'm, it's all about, it's all about your material and your, and when it comes to that delivery, if you got stage presence, you got a mouthpiece in what you have all, you gotta just put put put your, put your segment, put some material together and make the people laugh.


It don't matter how, how you make 'em laugh as long as you making them laugh. Yeah, shit, you winning. Yeah, you winning. It's just like, it's just like you dating a girl. Like you might have, you might not have no game, but if you got a mouthpiece on you, you could be ugly like you, but you not a cute individual. But I guarantee you, you probably got a lot of chicks though, dog, because you make 'em laugh. Women, all they want you to do is make 'em laugh. Dog. If you can talk, hold a conversation and you can make 'em laugh, boy, you can make, boy, you can make 'em laugh. You can talk 'em right out those panties. Like, I know one thing, we was in a room, they gonna see me before they see you. Nah, I don't know how you gonna do that. You the color cremation. I ain't, I feel light skinned around you white around that yellow shirt.


Hey boy, you see these? Hey you see these bright curly whites? That's why you that yellow shirt. Hey coming. Hey, I'm coming, I'm coming. So you can be seen. Hey, I'm coming in like this dog. You see? Look at that smile. That smile ain't gonna get it dumb. Hey, who your celebrity crush? Hey boy, look at this man. What, who your celebrity crush? She man, I'm, I'm mad man. She, she done, she, she, she, she got married, got a kid and everything. I don't, I don't even have no crush no more, bro. It's too late. What's, what's the, what's the point of me having a celebrity crush and they already taking, damn, have you ever had one besides her?


They ain't taking man. You know what, you know who keep bouncing around from guy to guy. She ain't really, really found her home yet. She just got, she just got vo got got back with the dude and now she not with the dude again. It damn J-Lo Okay, something might be j else I like too. I like Paula Patton. She's, she's cool. I've met her in person. She's single ain't she? She sus she's super cool bro. Like J-Lo bro. She needed to like, she keep going with these entertainers, these actor people in profession. She, I don't, I've never known her to date an athlete.


Well, you shoot your shot, you think so? Curly whites you should shoot your shot. Everybody else been failing. Maybe somebody can win. There was another chick that's, that's hot. That's that's, that's bad. Is it Ashley? Ashley Nicole Moss. Yeah, she but she cute. Yeah, I was, I was on her line for me, but I don't know if I was her type. We was, we were messaging back and forth or you know, whatever. She cool. I like her. She's nice. But again, I don't know if she's my type though.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He Was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap Rocky, big Sean Camila cabal, don't you Cat Dua Lipa. When Stefan Halsey poser, she's Urban New kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend. Thomas Red Big Victoria Monet, A special performance by Coldplay Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate, they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


You ever go on a date where you let the woman pay if they insist on it? But I mean, I always go into it, you know, you know, think I'm gonna pay for the meal, but some women insist on like, oh 'cause they know, like they just figure we always paying for it and they just want to, you know, want them to put themselves in a position like, oh I can pay for this, blah blah blah. I'm not opposed to, but I don't go into it thinking that they're gonna pay for it. What's the most expensive meal you can pay for on the date? Probably about 400. Something about $400. Oh dang. Depends on, depending, depending on the restaurant, you know what I mean? Some of steak restaurants or whatever.


By the time you order steak they buy like 65, then you order drinks. They buy drinks damn near 25 bucks, then you got dessert, you know what I mean? You drink a couple of drinks, three drinks for two drinks each. That's you, you got a hundred bucks. Then if you order like it said sea bag, like I'm, I'm a, I'm a seafood eater. Every now and then I'll do steak or what have you. Then like I said, you tack on the gratuity and all that, bro. You, you, you three 400, you three, 400, you, you flirt with 500. Okay, so you spending the 3, 4, 500, do you, do you expect to get something that night? Nah, I just go with the flow shit. I do you shit, you better than Me.


I just go with the flow. If it, if it, if it flows that way, there's really no expectations. Shit, Ain't no blow, ain't no Shit. It's an expectation shit. Nah, again, it depends on the individual. Like if, if it depends on what you're going on a date for, if that's what you, you know What I'm going on it for? I ain't gonna just to eat, I'm gonna get a treat. Hey, hey, it depends on what you're going on the date for you. If you going on a date to, to to eat and then dessert later or you damn right dessert. So you gonna have your dessert at the table or you dessert? I Might, I might just have it on the way home. Shit. On the ride, ride Home. No. So again, if that's what that's, that's how you feel and that's what your approach is, then hey, if that's, those are your expectations.


But I try not to put no expectations on anything because you know, when you, when you have to, when you align your expectations with reality, well you're gonna be disappointed. I Ain't, you may not get them. So you gonna be disappointed because if you set your expectations too high, bro. But the, this is the deal, this I've, I've, I've, I've had no expectations and I probably have gotten some more so because of that approach than me going into like, oh okay we going to dinner, I'm about to smash. Have you ever took a honey pack? Found A who? Honey Pack? Yeah, those things. Yeah, I've had, yeah I've had a honey pack. Man I done put those things in my tin just sitting on that like, like it was real honey, I done put it in Damn right to replace the, to replace the honey and it work does it and it and it work well.


Does it? I Got six months supply right now. Do it. Hey let, I'm gonna shoot you my address homeboy. Hey this show's about Honey Pack Roy. What? You Should be. Yeah, well send me some though. Don't, don't be but don't be asking you you, you BSing now you ain't got no, you ain't No I got real talk. I'm You ain't got Ain ain't got no Supply Like that. I'm the king around here. You ain't got supply like that. When they, when they go to these stole they find them empty. They call me. They know. I already know women in there. I got have them. Look, I I'm saying I I I got, you know, I I I done built up in my system.


Now I got to have it. I can't sleep with my girl without it. 'cause she gonna know. Oh man, you, you Gonna know I'm, she gonna know I'm regular. But when I'm with that, when I'm with the hundred Pack, I'm, I'm Supreme. She know the Difference. Amen. So you, you, you gonna become immune. You ain't gonna, you ain't gonna be working after while boy, you, you ain't gonna, you gonna be going to get a a, a a a penile implant. You ain't gonna say you can't be there. Don't do that too much. But you ain't gonna be working after while I Hey man, it it do, it make me feel like Superman t you like how you say you've been on the field and like the hook. That's how it make me feel.


That's the only time I feel like I'm an athlete when I'm in that with Hook. I, I'm know I'm 81. Damn. I'm happy I'm a one, I'm looking at this, at this, at this monitor boy nigga I'm stop doc. But you see the skin Shoot your shot at J-Lo right now. Shoot your shot at J-Lo right now. Terrell on shoot your shot at J-Lo. Hold On. But you see Hey this stay Dig, Hold on man. Let me get my promo going on. You see my, you see my me skin, my, my me skincare. That's my skincare coming line. Yeah, we See it to, Hey that's you see that skin? Nope. Hey, that's why I look so good boy. I look younger than you boy. Never. Hey I look younger, you dog never, I look, I look younger and I look better than you bro.


Never. Yeah, You might, you might got, you might got the NFL going for you but you ain't got nothing else. You might be a hall of famer on the field, but everywhere else I'm the goat. Do you know how crazy you sound? I'm the goat. Hey so, so why why I'm on this show then if I ain't got nothing else going for me, why? Why I ain't say you didn't have nothing going. I said you might be a in NFL hall of Famer. Yeah, But when it come to everything else over him with me You said I ain't got nothing else going for You. No, no, no. I ain't talking about and you know what I'm talking about. Shut up and stop all that man. Hey man, know exactly what I'm, And There you go. Shoot your shot right now.


JLo, JLo T said what's up. He's single. You single JLo T let's go. I don't think you can handle. Huh? I don't think you can handle J-Lo Man, she might be too much for you t It can't, she it can't, it can't be too much for her. What? Talking about She can't be sure you going behind P Diddy, you going, you going behind P Diddy being Affleck Wesley Snipes. Now he blacker than both of us. Nah, that ain't got nothing on tto. They ain't got nothing on me. She ain't had no tototo. She ain't had, she ain't had, she ain't had Toto.


What she wanna get married you downs That What? Yeah, if she wanna get married, I'm, I'm open to that bro. Look man, you just gotta, I don't know what's going on. Why her relationships aren't working. Yeah, she's with Arod too. I don't, again, I don't know what, I don't know what the deal is. Arod would juicy aro Maybe, maybe if I, maybe if we talk And, we we get a chance to connect. Maybe I can ask her, you know, kinda like what the deal is and then all you gotta do is kind of just figure out what these dudes were doing wrong and then you kind of rectify those situations. But I'm gonna be myself, you know what I mean? Maybe she just hadn't, hadn't had anybody just truly be themselves, but something is not right in those relationships because she, she, I mean she keeps bouncing around to different guy.


It could be her. Huh? It Could be her. I I I know that's what I'm saying. It could be her again. Just like Kim Kardashian. Kim Kardashian shouldn't been with you. You who? Kim? What I think would I date Kim? Yeah, I would. I you know what? I probably would consider that. You know what I mean? I probably would consider it. She hit you don't want you late nights and like pop up. Would you pop Up? I never, I never, I never thought of, I never thought about it though. Oh, for Real. Again, I don't even know, like I said, I don't even, like I said with the guys that she dated, there's a reason why she's still single. Something is not, something is not connecting. There's, there's something that's either she's looking for that these guys are not providing, they ain't Using their honey pack.


That's what's missing. Whatever the case, she's, maybe she's looking for happiness in all the wrong places. Maybe she's looking for nub in all the wrong places. Right. But again, she's had a number of guys to, because you gotta figure at some point, like I said, it could be her. It can't be all these guys because she's again, last, I, last I heard she was linked with OBJ. I don't know what's going on with that. So, nah, He left. Nah, he, he, he left her, they broke up. I didn't, I mean did it even, were they even together for to, to to be broken up? All I heard was they were rumored to be together. Nah, he he was with her. He was with her for a couple months. He was with her. That's for sure. Man, Man.


But they go on though, like right from the world I'm from, you know, we, you know, we, we look up to them celebrities man. And, we like, man I want her. But man, she been passed around though dog. You know what I'm saying? Like Man. But if you think about every girl that you probably date or you've, or you've I guess encountered or And, if you actually get into a relationship, they've all been with somebody, they may not have been in the public eye, but they probably have had a, a track record of a number of regular guys added this, you know, as it is with guys that are in the, in the limelight. Everybody, bro. Does that bother you? Does that bother you? Everybody has had somebody But they gonna bo so they, they wouldn't stop you from bro, Bro.


Okay. Everybody has had somebody. Trust me, there's, we, we've all been recycled at some point. We've all been recycled. And again, the the idea that a number of these athletes again are dating and having kids by the same women, that baffles me because I'm like, yo, there are so many other beautiful women out there. Why are they dating and having ba not even, not only just dating but having babies with the same, with the same girl for example.


Who, who got a number of kids by different athletes? Oh Shit, I think the chick who bow wows baby mama. She, she done dated a couple of Joy, joy Chavez. Yeah. She got like two or three baby dads in the league. She got future bow wire and oh boy for Texas, his brother. Right. That one Dig Digg Diggs, right. Yeah. I mean that's just one of, of many. But I'm like, bro, like why are they after the same chick at that, that that battle? You know why She got that Snapple shit?


She got that Snapple to Oh yes. Why? Shit. What, what shit they been, they must be on that honey pack too. Hey, hey, hey. They must be on that honey pack too because The devil, I don't blame them. Hey, something, something is not right bro. Something is not right. Yeah. Something right. It's crazy. Something right with her. Huh? Something right with her though. So, so with so much so with so much going on in the world right now, who would you get TRASHH Sugar Day to no matter what it is? What would you give TRASHH of a day to today? Shit, Donald Trump nigga.


That nigga is TRASHH. Straight TRASHH bro. It's, I it honestly, man, being an adult bro, not, and I've never really been into politics, but as I've gotten older, it's hard not to, it's, it's hard to ignore and it's hard not to recognize like really how politics is is so corrupt and it's just like this, well bro, like if the world gets in the wrong hands, like it it, this, this could be a sad place to live, bro. Like, But some people It's, I know that's what I'm saying, but even as people that are well off or well to do, like, it still could be a, a sad place to live.


And just that, and I'm, I'm being mindful of those that are not even in the, in the position that we're in. So if you just think about how they may feel like, honestly, bro, like if the world gets put in the wrong hands, basically like again, he's using us to get his vote. Like he don't really, he does not really care about us bro. 'cause he knows, like I said, we make up a large part of this, like a part of America bro. Like we, and he needs us and he's somehow, he's manipulated a number of us black people to, to follow him and endorse him. Like, look at Amber Rose. I'm like, bro, this is, this is wild to me.


Like the fact that again, like some of his policies and just things that, that are gonna affect women. Like how how is she even, how can she even get down with some of the things that are gonna directly affect black women in a negative way outside of everything else? And I don't really get into all the political things or what have you, but just some of the, the, the main things such as that like healthcare and all this stuff, bro. It's, it's unbelievable bro. So if you, if you ever was was president, what would change? Would you, what what would you push or what would you try if you was president? I mean, I try to find a way to just have some equality across the board with, with everything bro.


Like you, you, we want to establish ourselves as one of the strongest countries in America. Like, I don't know if we can really say that we are at this point, I think it's China Again. So again to to that's what you wanna do. You wanna be able to reestablish, like people should fear America. They don't really fear us anymore. Mm. And then there's so much divide with white and black bro. It's just Correct. Correct. It's, it's, it's unreal and being a growing up a as a black American bro, it's like, you know that racism exists but at the end of the day, bro, it's like we all live in this world together.


Like we should be able to live harmoniously, you know what I mean? And, we sometimes Be the white people bro. Be our own cover That too. I mean Yeah. Yeah. We're our own worst enemy in, in, in certain situations for sure. We we're quick, you know, just think about just from a, a standpoint of just, just business. Like we're, we're quick to support a white business and put, make that company to a, a make millions and billions of dollars. But somebody black can do something the same if not of equal value or quality and they won't even support it.


Yeah. Just look at some of the name brands that are out there. Again, I could do it, you could do it, you could put out something just as, just as nice or whatever, but because it doesn't, it doesn't possess the, the, the name of some of, of a designer or what have you. We're not gonna support it. Yeah. But as soon as somebody white put their name on something, ah, they're gonna spend hundreds and hundreds and thousands of dollars on it. But if we put the same product or equal value or quality product out there, they're not gonna support it because it, what is it? 'cause it doesn't have the name, it doesn't have the same cache. Why? I mean I've, I've lately broke, I probably in the last probably like 10, 10 years, so I've been more so now if I see a black business, I go purchase something just to support, they might not even know it.


You know what I mean? Yeah. But I'll do that because I know we need to support us in order to really like get to another level. But love, we all don't think like that again if it doesn't have a certain look or if it doesn't have a certain name or if it doesn't have a certain price, which is crazy, like some of these products they're, they're to produce it, it's cost, it cost like less than a hundred dollars. But then they pay the, the, the retail was like 2000. Do you know how much a price increase that is? Yeah bro. That how much profit that is. Like it don't cost.


It costs 50, 75 bucks, a hundred dollars a make and they tag on a put on a price of a 2,500, 3000 niggas. We'll go buy it. I can go do the same thing, put a product out there. Like


I got a candle line. My candles are like $63 bro. What's your candle line? Loft? 81 home? Yeah. I heard LT 81 Home.com. But Go get it. Go get it. But my, my candles are quality. It's made of, made up with all the right ingredients. 63 bucks. But they go go to Barnes and Nobles or not Barnes and Nobles, Barney's or, or Gucci, Macy's or, or Neiman Marcus. They'll go pay a hundred dollars for those candles but they'll look for a discount. Like man your candles are too much. We're, we're just as comparable. Our prices are just as comparable as things that less than on the market. And they smell good and they nice. I coulda used so I coulda used some when we had that storm down here Next time we don't have no power. You sure should. Hey, I, we'll get you. I I get you some man. All you gotta let me know man. Nah, I'm gonna buy some man, I'm gonna buy some, we gonna support 81 home.com


and then like I said,


if you wanna look good like me on your next few shows, Hey I got that skincare line coming out boy, me Skincare, you see it got that a, that exfo, that face scrub and then that serum, that oil bro. Yeah boy. Hey they gonna be like, damn dog, whatcha doing? Ain't gonna say I'm bleaching my skin man. Nah, nah, Nah, no. Stop. I'm gonna use it though. Stop, Stop and no, no, trust me. It ain't gonna be none of that. And the reason I got into it, the reason I got into it, 'cause when I grew up being outside exposed to the sun, I didn't really know nothing. But you know, we weren't trying to take care of our skin. We know about moisturizing our skin. We didn't really take too much to time to understand what sunscreen was for. We just saw sunscreen was for white people, you know what I mean? Shit, I dig. I ain't gonna even lie. Facts Shit. That shit was that, that we could benefit from, from, from, from sunscreen. Okay. For sure. And I, shit, I was going out there swimming, exposed myself to the sun, skin dry, cracked up all that. Didn't have no sunscreen. But now, like I said, this Skin Carolina is for obviously men of color trying to educate, you know, young kids, young boys going into men, like I said, understanding hygiene and moisturizing their skin, all that stuff.


We gonna get it. We gonna support, we gonna get the cannabis, we gonna get the skincare. All my people just watching right now, man. We wea we finna load our carts up. Hey man, we, we finna break bread with you and going oh Yeah, I got, I got a nice little Somerset for you too. Little mesh outfit United. You might need to. When, when, when your next few shows, when your next few shows. Two weeks. I'm gonna be in the Bay area. I'ma be out there in Pleasanton, California at Tommy Tee's, so that'd be perfect for Me. Oh, okay. What, what, what, what, what size, what size you wear? I'm medium. I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you a couple of my outfits, man. I'm gonna rock it and I'm gonna rock it on the show. Oh yeah, it's, it's it meshed outfit. Little nice little top.


Yeah, a little shirt mashing. Oh, trust me. You gonna like that Bubba do. So I'm gonna, so I'm gonna get the outfit, I'm gonna get the skincare and I'm gonna get the candles Man. You gonna be set? Boy, you gonna be set. Why? Alright, before I get, before I let you get up out before I let you get up out here to going back to the NFL, let's pig it back man. What would you consider your best year? What year would you consider your best year that you had? Probably when, when I was in FI told you I had, I played in before I got suspended. They didn't bring me back. I played a year and seven games in, in Philadelphia. I played in 21 games, bro. I had 20 touchdowns. So bro, I literally, I was going like, touchdown a game, bro.


Like that's, that's, that's how it, that that, that, that's how elite I was. And that's, that's the level that I was, that I was on, bro, that I, like when I stepped on the field, it didn't matter. Like Camp Bailey was supposed to be one of the top corners around that time. Bobby Taylor, all the bro, I, they, none of them, they couldn't see me, bro. Trust me, they could not see me. And this coming from this, coming from this, this, this coming from a third round draft pick, third round, eight ninth pick Shit, Chief Chattanooga outta Alexander City, Alabama that was barely even recruited, wasn't a four or five star to start coming outta high school.


And bro, nigga, I was, I was like that, You Was like that. And I think, I mean that's why you're in the hall of Fame now 'cause you was like that, you know, we're going to give a what they, what they said about you. That's bullshit. That's propaganda bullshit. That shit didn't work. You still a Hall of Famer Sugar being a first round ballot hall of famer. That, that, that, like, that's bullshit. Like, and that needs to be addressed in the NF NFL from the people, whoever that, that's, you know what I'm saying? That's able to vote is bullshit because you gotta think about because they, like other people be having influence on other people. I'm, I'm just being honest, like, well I know you have a problem with him, so I ain't gonna vote him in this time.


That's bullshit. If a man numbers is his numbers, he should be in the first round hall of Fame. Oh, regardless. No doubt. But that's why I did what I did because at the end of the day, man, if, like I was telling you when we first started this, when you, when you, when you was talking about, when I was talking about my grandma, like allowing people to di disrespect you, they will di they will, they will disrespect you. They will, they would do whatever you allow them to do. And so I wasn't gonna continue to allow those people at the Hall of Fame, pro Football Hall of Fame to, to to, to really disrespect what I did for the game. Like I said, regardless, I wasn't a top round pick or anything like that.


But you cannot deny what I did every Sunday, statistically if I'm second, third, fourth, all time. And the criteria is based on what you did on the field and you're going by hearsay or we already discussed it, alluded to it earlier in the show. When you start talking about what somebody said I did in the locker room with no, with no basis. You start talking about my character, which didn't fit anything that I was doing on the football field, then you're going outside of the scope of really what the Hall of Fame is truly about.


And that's your skillset. What did that individual do in between the lines? And when you start bringing up character, then truly do some research and some fact checking on who that person, that individual is. Because again, I will tell you, and I will say, and I will ask you who, how many players have you ever heard back or the narrative that I was that type of athlete in or that type of person in the locker room. Nobody has said that. It's all based on media personnel who I guess have anonymous sources.


But at the end of the day, you're not gonna be a hundred percent liked by everybody. Hey everybody. Hey everybody ain't no hell. Right? So they, those few people shouldn't speak for the majority of the locker room. So that shouldn't have any bearing or any factor into how you may vote or feel about me as a football player because that has, that has no relevancy. None whatsoever. So again, when I was nominated in 2016, I did make it and then 2017 came in, came about and everybody was for sure that I was gonna make it and I didn't make it. Then I was off the hall of Fame then they can't do nothing for bro, that, that's a wrap.


My kid. The only way I go to the Hall of Fame, other than like I said, I went three years ago when my teammate Brian Young went in and he personally asked me and he said it would mean a lot to him if I came. That's the only, that's the only time I've been back to the Hall of Fame was that was there to support him Outside of that. They will never see me down on my own accord unless one of my kids or my kids want to go there. Other than that, they are, they, they dis disrespected me and they dis disrespected my family. And on top of that, how and who raised me, they disrespected her. So on that, on the strength of that, they can't do nothing for me.


Nothing. I respect it brother. I really do. Man. We, we appreciate you for stopping by The Bubba Dub Show, man. Over on the Volume man. For sir Knowledge with us talking shit laughing. We appreciate you t Oga man. The, the, the legend, the, the Hall of Famer arguably number one, number two, however you wanna put him in there. You can't put him past four. I tell you got right now top. Thank you so much for stopping by man. You been a a, a good friend to me as well. You know, we love each other. We gonna talk shit. That's what we do. We got more other things that coming besides the hundred packs. But Hey man, you think I'm lying man, don't no, I'm gonna call you. I'm serious. I'm serious.


You're back. I'm saying bro, Bro, don't don't come sending me no two and three, three little honey packs either, bro. Duh. If you don't send me No, no, no, no, no package bro. I'm Gonna call you out. You ain't humping like that dog. You ain't doing it like young days, bro. You, you know. Don't worry, don't worry you Ain't doing itt. That's, I can send you about 20 of them then you oughta be good. So you, you worried about the wrong thing Bubba. Do I'm Just saying I need, But you said you got a bunch of, you said you got a, you said you had a stash. That what? You said? I been in the hospital tomorrow. I'm running. Hey man, I ever took one and did nothing happen.


You, I took one. Oh, I ain't got no baby sugar. I was hot. Oh yeah. You know, see that's what I'm saying. See that, that's what I'm saying. You you, you went to dinner, you you went to dinner. Think you about to get so and ain't nothing happening see on nothing. Oh man. That's gotta be the worst boy. It was. They gotta work. You put 15, you put 15 in them. Five sisters to work. Boy, that night go, go and die through that. Oh man, that's, oh man, that's messed up man. But nevertheless man, thank you to for stopping by the show, man.


You welcome. Any time my guy, we going to support your candle line. We're going to support your skincare. We're gonna support your support your clothing line too, man. Everybody thank to for stopping by everybody appreciate you bro. One Yes sir. Ba do show The Volume.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos. It's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the Ad Council.