
What's s good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. Check out bowls.com


Hey, Welcome to the Cooper residence, Cooper McAllister. I'm Surprised she put my name first. Come on in.


From the brains behind the Big Bang Theory and young Sheldon CBS is excited to welcome back some beloved familiar folks I am so JLab That, UNCC are here and Georgie at a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie and Mandy's first marriage Premier CBS. Thursday eight seven Central and streaming on Paramount Plus


Hey. Who doesn't t love bacon And? did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar. Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Now


Everywhere you look, things are getting more expensive. So at Consumer Cellular We are lowering the price for those 50 and up. Now You can get unlimited talk text and data for $30 a line when you buy two, that's just $60 a month for two unlimited lines. So if you're 50 and up, make the switch and save. Come on, you've earned this. Call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com today requires two lines of service, age validation and credit approval subject to system and area limits taxes and other fees apply.


HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BET Plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET Plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET Plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET Plus with the premium monthly plan for a limited time new subscriber stream for up to 50% off. BET Plus has Culture on lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series. You'll love


The Volume. Here I go. Y'all be looking for me. Well here I'm Good. I'm right. Here I go. I'm JLab. Y'all came on over here like I needed y'all would Odoo go on and hit the like button right now. About to give y'all mother a shoulder night. I'm about to give y'all a shoulder night. Hit the like button right now man. Don't hit the subscribe button if you knew him. Come on in. Told y'all once my plane land I was gonna go live.


Well here I'm all last Week because I need everybody to come here and listen to me. All last Week, all We heard was Dallas Cowboys had a good Week of practice. Well motherfucker lied Me and you seven nine in come get in bed with your woman. That's What the Cowboys did today. That's What happened today. Jack Prescott first quarter marks him down the field. Get into the red zone.


We was on like on the eight yard line. I'm thinking We in a school never inter interception. Every time I get ready to go live or talk my trash or whatever Dak, you always fuck you up. Why? Why you keep playing with my emotion Dak 60 million motherfucking Dollar man. And you play like the quarterback on That movie Replacements take it easy on him. Doug It ain't his fault. Well who is it? Then besides That Wrinkled motherfucker sitting up There in them Sweetss.


Jerry Jones up There smelling like spoiled milk. He old every time he eats shit dribbling on his neck and shit. They gonna show you That shit off camera. Jerry got a personal person with him all day. Jerry Jones same age Clin. Eastwood 97 years old. It's thick. His skin like Chucker boys and shit. I'm not lying. Two inceptions from Dak, one from the backup. Everybody on the motherfucking team need to be fired.


Mike MCT ought to be fired right now. Jerry put your weight on Ezekiel. Elliot crying. All Week. I want the ball. Eight carries and 17 y'all get your ass off the field. Hey New England nigga even want you. Why in the hell We bring you back New England Want anybody They can get these days but They didn't want Zeke. Now tell me I'm lying. I had to watch ass whooping like That That shit hurt. That's why I took That bullshit ass jersey out.


I ain't no cowboy fan no damn more. Three big mes damnit. I normally like, I normally want dope dealers stay locked up but three big mes now ass whooping like That Odoo something to your soul. That them through the ball. Let's break the game down for a second here. We couldn't stop him. We couldn't stop a motherfucking no bleed today. Odoo. You understand me, can I dub We hurt? Ain't nothing wrong with the offense Ain't wrong with the offense.


Michael Po and Lawrence. Okay cool. Ain't dig stuff. Digs ain't worth a damn jumping on my page and liking posting. Ha ha. Fuck all That dig nigga I need you a ball no digging. I Detroit did whatever They wanted to Odoo. When They wanted to Odoo today, That They did whatever They wanted. Odoo, We, We just let them man you wanna sleep with my girl with no condom? Go right ahead fam.


You wanna put It on our Facet? Go ahead fam. That's What Detroit did to us today. Now We stuck here trying to pick up the pieces. It's early nigga over. It's over. Who We gonna be next five weeks beside this body. Who We gonna be I, I'm gonna know who We gonna bring in beside Jesus Christ because it ain't him. We ain't Wing. It's somebody on Dallas right now not serving God. I'm telling you Cowboys don't serve God. That's why We lose.


God ain't pleased with the cowboy and he ain't pleased with us fans either for supporting That shit. We supporting That shit. Now I gotta watch Cyber Truck Windshield, forehead as Steven A. Smith talk shit about us. Oh Cyber Truck Windshield, forehead having ass Steven A. Smith having a ball laughing niggas right now and I don't like it. I ain't never seen nothing like this Y'all I really haven't man. I know We ain't been going to no Super Bowls or winning playoffs game but to come out and lose like this to Detroit to Jar Golf, I mean They okay but to lose like this to the motherfucker stop It.


They tell me eight mile jumping right now in Detroit. It ain't jumping in years. They tell me black folks dying in Eminem restaurant right down in Detroit eating That nasty Ash spaghetti. That's how happy They is. That's how excited They is. Look at all the people. Tune in each and every Week to watch us lose. I thought the Saints ass whooping changed us but it didn't. We needed another ass whooping. That means We ain't learned our lesson. We hard headed sequel just crying. I want ball, I want I wanna help us nigga you ain't Odoo shit.


That frustrated. You need to be the league eight, nine motherfucking years and you still can't read no damn defense. You got the same eyes as Stevie Wonder Mad 'cause people taking pictures of you of the house you done to down Shit. I don't know What you rebuilding for nigga you figure get traded y'all figure see the first $260 million man traded. I know y'all think you were massage Paul Watson but he ain't going nowhere. Dak going somewhere. I want him offer a package deal right now. I got a package deal right now.


Dak and Mike McCorey for Jordan Love and his head coach up There in Green Bay can package deal Bose of them. Motherfuckers got the goat now and now the goat now. That can't eat no more Rubish Chicken. You ain't us. You can't get no more rude chicken That. You not us. Take your ass Don't die nigga KC and get you some chicken. You can't eat Rubish no more. You can never have Williams chicken either.


Don't make no God sense. If you ask me four That seven or nine D Threw the ball with CD lamb 14 times y'all hear me out Seven catches. That's 50% What. The hell going on cd running around here talking no complaining My bunk. You know you in trouble when you, when when when you gotta turn the, when you gotta throw the ball of turban and I ain't knocking Turban Mc Turban is a a special teams player dog.


I need somebody to help me out. I really Odoo I really not understanding this right now. Today What happened. Okay, I understood That. We lost but We just lost We lost our damn soul. Lost our season. This is hard coming from a Cowboy fan. But I gotta be by you. I I I gotta be 100 on this show. I can't sugarcoat nothing. I been coming on this show weeks after, weeks after Week, Super, Bowl. I feel it. Can I be honest. I lie going no motherfucking Super Bowl Super Bowl We not.


Can somebody explain to me I wanna calm down my blood pressure up through the roof. I want somebody to explain to me why Jerry Jones still have Mike McCartney as a head coach. I don't, he What is he doing That sick in Green Bay was years ago. He's not a good coach. He sits over There with like this like he gonna know What the fuck going on. I just wish I You just reach through the phone, through the tv. Bye.


This ain't the way live's supposed to be as a Cowboy fan. Y'all. I shouldn't be up here in no Detroit jersey. But but the Detroit treating us like Lamar. BML They You our wa off They You our motherfucking wa off. That's What. They did The Temptations. Barry good. more rolling over They motherfucking grave of night. Happy shout out to my people who just not tuning in man.


Y'all come on in man. I'm I'm going through it right now but We gonna get through this shit together. I know some of y'all wonder why Odoo got on the lines jersey. Let your team lose like That and you'll Odoo What. I Odoo I can't take It no more. I can't no more, more. I can't you one of Saturday days in my life man. I ain't going even lie to y'all. I came from, this is sad for me. This is embarrassing for me. This is, I ain't never seen nothing like It y'all. I just have nothing seen it and I know everybody on here laughing.


He he, he, he. That's cool. That's cool. You got every right to laugh. We We, We deserve It. We deserve It man. We would, We was three for 13 on third down today. Listen We was three for 13 on third down. What in the hell is We gonna beat We than the damn Carolinas. We ain't better than the Carolina Panthers right now. We average 3.9 yards per play. 3.9 yards per play. Two 60 million quarterback, wide receiver and We can't cut the mustard.


Them boys don't even deserve a paycheck And y'all know it but y'all won't laugh. Go ahead and laugh. I know You can laughing but I hope It ain't no Saints fans laughing and I don't wanna hear That about you not having your quarterback 'cause it ain't no quarterback no motherfuck way and in Birdman for if you finish or you done. Baker Trash Field pulled out 50 as Line wasn't no gumbo Today wasn't no cage and Popa today down in New Orleans was It.


Let's talk about It. Even though he played terrible T three picks. But you Saint fans wanna jump in my dm what's happening fam? Shit what's happening in your team? I thought hurricane Katrina happened again. Where They put That ass whooping on y'all They. We ain't the only one lose but the Bucks Odoo. Y'all like That and that's division game at That can come keep, keep laughing. It ain't no fun Now is it How We beat y'all and hell anybody You beat us is That something to brag about?


Same saying because y'all blew us out. Is There anything to brag about? I don't think it You us right now. If I'm Jerry Jones, I walk Dak Prescott to his court after the game and say son, I'm trying to get rid of ya ass. I'm letting you know right now you on the trade block. So before you build That big nines ass home, you better think about it. Same fan. Come on We ain't have a quarter back. Shit y'all wasn't gonna win with it. Y'all ain't look the same since y'all playing us and y'all know it.


That was y'all Super Bowl you ain't got but one can y'all Odoo all That Cing on the social media but the s y'all ain't got but one ain't no way. Y'all ain't no way. My team get blue out and I wouldn't go laugh at another team for getting blue and woo. Where They, Odoo That at Boy ain't Odoo That at you got blue out too. Nothing about no motherfucking Saints no more. Y'all need to go and hiding like us. We're in the same motherfucking boat.


Trash We stink. I had to sick Iron Day. Who I watched That, Arizona Court, the game against Green Bay. Who watched Green Bay run through Arizona. I watched Baker. I've watched Ty, I mean Kyle Murray, Tyler me. Throw a perfect ball of Marvin Harrison, drop it. Concussion if you You caught the motherfucking ball, no concussion, They brag. Oh he gonna Odoo this and That ball went right. The ball hit you in your Facet because you saw That Boy coming. You might as well caught the ball fam he ain't even hit you.


He you ran, you your helmet hit his leg the same way to the fist. Did did everybody in NFL gonna know how to stop concussions going but make them damn helmets like Elon Musk making them damn robots. Y'all see them robots Elon Musk got talking about it's gonna babysit your kid. Never. Now let me get back to this game. Where Green baby right Quick to make my point. Jordan loves something special y'all. I'm here to tell y'all all day joy, love is something special. And I'm gonna go out on the limb right now and say he will win more Super Bowl than Aaron Stinking Roger boy Seeger Field man.


That, that's What You. Take us a quarterback. You gotta be able to see Field man block out the noise. Block out the noise and see Field Jordan loves seeing the field better than any quarterback that's playing right down the game today. And and and that's saying something. Boy see the field man, Tyler Murray ain't it Eagerly big man ain't it? Don't give a damn What he did in college. It's What You can doing in the pros and right now he ain't doing nothing. Make three or four plays a game. That's all he Odoo. Well he's short. He can't really see. Drew Brees was short too, but he would give up on his mother can tip It toe and throw the ball if he had to.


You got the gel to your quarterback man. You got to Odoo. You got to play to his strengths.


Y'all playing HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET Plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET Plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET Plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET Plus with the premium monthly plan for a limited time new subscriber stream for up to 50% off. BET Plus has Culture on lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love


Casino


High. Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at High Five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at High Five Casino Odoo com High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number Five Casino dot com


High Five Casino,


are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well here It is Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out There is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles That time. Let's put That into perspective. You You Drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking you You spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You You even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar, Meyer Bacon and Then Drive to work. And to think That the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy


Hey. Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister, I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in From the brains behind the Big Bang Theory and young Sheldon CBS is excited to welcome back some beloved familiar folks I am. So JLab That. UNCC are here and Georgie at a Girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie and Mandy's first marriage Premier CBS. Thursday eight seven Central and streaming on Paramount Plus


Hey. Guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade This podcast. We got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, We, Odoo 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode and I'm supposed to really care whether or not Camera Rising plays well. Here's the big difference. All right, and what's the spread? Utah is a six point favorite. Okay, so they're so teams are four and one. They're going to Tempe. It's Friday night, Billy Friday night. Weird Things happen. Tempe, Scottsdale, most beautiful people on on the planet. At least on the women. I don't, I haven't looked seen the guys. I don't think there's gonna be a lot of people at this game because they're gonna be like, I We are in, we're in like the most beautiful people place.


Why am I watching to see if Cam Rising plays can or not? can They have Cam rising exhaustion too? can They? They're they're tired of it. They want other things to rise So Oh There. It is There it. So I think that's gonna play into Utah's hands. Okay. They're gonna rise into Utah. And Arizona State is not going to have people There. So I'm going to go Utah Coverage six. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade This on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast. I don't know What y'all see in Colin Murray. I don't see it. Y'all I can sit back and watch this man play countless games man.


He, he too inconsistent for me. Can't see the feel at times. I don't care if he is short. Get out the pocket and make something happen. Ain't making nothing happen. Got a good running back in James cu They going use him up as usual. You know Earl Arizona ain't never worn nothing either. Even when y'all hear Kurt Warner went on That Miraculous Run and lost That ain't gonna get it. Y'all talk to me right now. That ain't gonna get it. That's definitely not going to get it.


Speaking of games and We and, and and I Odoo mean games and We have to talk about this today. Pittsburgh Steelers p whooping on the Oakland Raiders, I mean on the Las Vegas Raiders today. I know all Week They say Russell Wilson and CI been texting family members. I'm gonna get to play today Know you lot. It's over fam. And I like Russ, I Odoo you got plenty of money You can gong off retire and be a stay. Stay at home dad Now let CI get back out There and get back on tour and start dancing. And I Odoo mean dancing 'cause I Odoo want see re I'm a CE on CE dance.


It ain't little cc no more. It's pick cc. She got a wagon back There next time y'all seen Seattle and I Odoo mean no motherfucking America can Russ, Justin Fields ain't giving up That position right now bro. And I know you wanna play bad than the motherfucker, you might as well go down There to Carolina since Carolina ain't gonna play Bryce Young no more. But Russell, your time in Pittsburgh is dope. You a good guy, great father, great husband, great teammate with all That ain't going to get you your JLab back fam, it's over.


I don't mind C coming to the motherfucking game. She can come up There and sit in the Week with me. I'll keep her company her and Little future and the rest of your I'll keep them company. But, but but far as you inviting family to the game for What. You not getting on That mother. You gotta be a cold motherfucker. Fight people to your game. You ain't playing. Think about it. Invited 70 family members up There thinking he a figure. Play That Day and get Tre Lane for the Cowboy shit.


What. Why he ain't playing? If he ain't good, why he ain't playing They put in Cooper Rush. You gotta be a desperate motherfucker to pull in. Cooper Rush shout out to Mike Tom them What them Cs doing right now. Man I'm so happy Mike tumbling found him a quarterback man. And They playing good ball up There right now. I know Las Vegas, Reagan ain't really got nobody back. There playing quarterback. But I'm, I'm still praying for you Antonio Pierce. But this year ain't It fa and I know you talking cash money shit just like I am but this this year ain't it. It is over be going into a draft.


I see why Al Davis out There talking to Shado and a couple more quarterback that's in college that's coming up right now. But, but, but, but but What I'm seeing from the Las Vegas Reagans y'all ain't worth damn y'all ain't Wolf of damn. And the Chicago burs Don went all the way to London and kick the Jacksonville Jaguars as that's What the Chicago burs done done Caleb Williams right now bawling and I'm the first to come back on this show in the MI apologize for him because I'm first two, two or three weeks. I didn't see it. I didn't see it but I'm seeing it now. Chicago, you got something. I hope y'all going good up.


Y'all ain't done since since 85. I hope y'all gonna mess this up. Chicago, y'all got Dirk out There at the games out There in London aint it? Hey, I gotta tilt my Hagg off to the K Williams What he doing right now with Chicago Burs right now. Definitely gonna win Rookie of the year. Most definitely gonna win Rookie of the year. I wanna know what's going on with Trevor Lawrence. Didn't I tell y'all don't give That mother money, you better than D. Use a lie they'll die.


Trevor Lawrence and Dak Prescott is the same motherfucking player gave Trevor Lawrence 250 motherfucking million dollars and you one and five. Doug Penton should be five right now. Oh We got a couple of Week couple of weeks motherfucker you got a couple of Mings to get your shit out your office and go 35 to 16 down There in London. How many excuses y'all gonna continue to make for Odoo? Penton Y'all I wanna know how many excuses y'all gonna keep making for him. Oh he want to ring with with the Eagle There was a long time ago.


Nick Foes was a quarterback. Then Nick Foes retired now Trevor Low. How You this man even have a JLab. How would Dak Prescott have a JLab? It's a whole lot of motherfuckers shouldn't have JLab. Why is Andy Odoo still starting for the Carolina Grass Hoppers? Andy Odoo future. Am I missing something? Is Andy Odoo future? I tell you What I tell y'all What I I I got something to talk to y'all about right now. I want y'all to think about this shit.


Elon Musk said That robot can Odoo anything. If I'm a NFL team, I'm going to get one of them damn robots. Who's to say he can't play What Rule Odoo the NFL got right now to say That a robot can't start. If I'm Jerry Jones I go get one of them damn Tesla robots as my quarterback That you through baby. Bye. Get your ass up outta him. I'm Jerry Jones. You can old you just have good birthday. You want a toy? I know You can buy anything you want. Call up Elon and get you one of them robots on for your quarterback.


Fa him. I bet you That motherfucker play better than That can. I'm I'm gonna get to Coach Prime in the minute I'm gonna get to it. I'm gonna dress in everything tonight. I'm gonna address it since y'all wanna talk about my team. Colorado They lost 31 28. The Kansas State can't run the motherfucking ball. It just like the cowboy. Colorado couldn't run the ball the other night. It's the reason why They lost. Oh I know Travis got hurt. I know my boy horn got hurt but They couldn't run the ball. I looked at the stats one time.


Shado What has cis carries minus 38 What the hell going on minus 38 And every motherfucker celebrity in the world was on That sideline with They. Bad luck having analysis. Niggas ain't been coming to no game. Nah all of a sudden They want to show up and They get They ass beat. Take over There. Hi Dle motherfucker John Wall over There. Hi Dle motherfucker Westbrook over There.


I dle Mul Miller over There. When you nigga store liking football is What. I wanna know when you nigga started liking football, y'all brought That bad energy, bad mojo, having ass shit to the sideline and my boy lost Travis hurt Horn hurt, lost his goddamn legs. No it's his first game back but he lost his legs. Defense played like They had accident reflux last night.


Damn. Whole defense train run game trash We gotta get Coach Prime. A better training training team. Everybody getting hurt. Nicked up. We can't have That And you know who I'm going to hire for a new That Damn Tesla robot gonna be the new train for Coach Prime them. It's all good though. We too We too. But last night ain't gonna get It and I can't be a bias. I gotta call it like I motherfucking see it.


Team didn't play What a damn last night considering What They had though to lose by three. Coach Bryan got them boys on the right track. He got 'em on the right track. I was been There two years. It take four, five years to turn no motherfucking programs around up There especially in Boulder. Ain't number white folks up. There and I Odoo love my white people. Thank y'all for watching this show. Keep coming on in. Bring me some sponsors but y'all know ain't number white folks in Indians up There, coach Fry done brought niggas in There. Now it's a difference. White neighborhood, everything good you start bringing niggas in, shit start coming up missing. I'm just saying not when black folks, black folks and niggas it's different.


It's a difference between us and niggas not a color. It's a attitude. It's a character. White folks can be niggas done told y'all this. See some niggas up There now white folks normally come out their house and drive a care in the world. But when it's Niles in the neighborhood you got to look. You get them right. You gotta have your head on shoulder round now. Right now get caught friends give, give time. He turning That organization around right now. Just give him time. We ain't gonna Odoo them out but We gonna call it like We see It And he said the same thing.


They play terrible. He know it. I know it. Y'all know it but There was some bad energy over them. That motherfucking sideline. If I'm Coach Prime, I'm telling them nigga don't y'all bring y'all ass back no damn mo you wanna support me Odoo it virtual nigga now you got all the players on the team starstruck, They can't even focus 'cause y'all over There picking up all the women and shit. Y'all come around shit. All the women going with y'all. Oh shit I wouldn't like it. I caught the fire more so there's too many damn people down here on the sideline. Y'all got to go.


Longhorn be up on arm. Oklahoma in the Red River. Shoot out takes That. Longhorn be up on Oklahoma. Knock the We outta them. Ain't nothing, ain't nothing in Oklahoma but We and casinos and can I be on the We in Oklahoma, I'll throw hundred acres of it. Trash They can't give That wig away up There in Oklahoma when I went up There egged up. You you smoke whatever you want. I know why nigga I can't get half this shit.


Y'all need to hire a new scientist once again if you nigga new scientist, hire a Elon must robot. That's all I'm saying. And your I get it starting quarterback for the Longhorns. I get it but I don't wanna see your, I wanna see us manning. See I know what's going on out in Austin and for my texting people watching this show you know ain't lying. You know why the Longhorn so good. They're doing something different in That on That campus. They feeding them They feeding them kids, them Earl Campbell links. If you ain't never had an Earl Campbell link Then, you gonna know What. I'm talking about if You can gonna have a Earl Campbell link, you know them Motherfucker delicious.


How my food y'all But y'all get here hollering Paws and all That talking about food, talking about Earl Campbell links. If you ain't had one, go and try your one. That's why I'm only one so motherfucking good. They own them Earl Campbell links They done put the syrup down out That syrup ain't ain't none of That going on on campus no more. Oklahoma ain't been shit since Bob Stoops Oklahoma ain't been shit since Bob Stoops 34 or three. I'm so disappointed in Oklahoma. Adrian Peterson rolling over in child support papers right now.


Alabama. Where you at? Alabama where you at? 'cause you barely be South Carolina. Hey like I said last and I'm saying it right now, the teams That used to be powerhouses, not That no more. Everybody's catching up now. can College teams are catching up now Man They going out and getting good players too. I got high school now and You can see what's going on right now. The level of competition has changed by Equal now Alabama beat South Carolina 27 to 25.


Three years ago That would've been a 50 to zero score. And you know I'm not lying. Three years ago Alabama would've had 50. South Carolina would've had zero. Not right now. Not gonna take age time, not gonna take age time. Y'all watching this show, watching this show man thank you. Honestly thank you for watching this show Sometime you might never watch this show when I go live but You can listen to it. Go to apple Podcast and go Spotify and type in The Bubba Dub Show and You can watch this show if You can watching this show right now. You should done already hit the like button. You should done already hit the subscribe button right now.


Should be in the comment section right now talking about the cowboy talking about why I got this jersey on talking about this and That talking about Bernie James. Bernie James I gotta give this young man a chance y'all and I figured the only way this young man can thrive. The only way bro James can thrive right now is if They send his ass to Europe, send his ass to Asia right now y'all bro that's your son. I know you love him. You you got him in the NBA cooling his ass over There with Jeremy Lee somewhere.


Have him wear your same headband like you Odoo Brun, you know What I'm talking about and and have him looking like Martin used to Odoo when he used to be That karate kid because he ain't it right now. Y'all running them made one motherfucking shot. The whole preseason What scared the What you mean Scared. Scared of What. That means I had a heart attack. God blessed him to come back and play the game What the fuck is James scared of. He already done defeated death.


He ought to be out There taking more shots than he own. Daddy lemme play for my daddy. I'm not passing this mother. Think about It. You on the team with Pops, you got the green light man JJ Red, I'm I'm coming down court crossing over shooting like Curry That. Daddy say something to me. I tell mama that's if I'm bru. That's how I pray Bru anything he say Odoo me on the court. I don't like I'm telling mama on It, nigga I'm junior Odoo you me, I'm junior.


I Odoo What I want you have Guy talk about Kirk Cousins. Y'all beat up on the Grasshop but that's What. Y'all supposed to Odoo Falcons. Y'all supposed to beat up on teams like That and I'm liking What. The Falcons is doing down There Raheem Dev what's his name? Devon, not Raheem. Devon Black coach Down There down There Atlanta. I can't think of his name right now. I'm thinking about the single Raheem Deon can but Kirk cousin is a hundred million dollar man. He supposed to Odoo That. Y'all supposed to be up on the cur. Y'all playing Andy Odoo.


Andy Odoo can't believe he fucking playing no more. He think he supposed to be a backup for the next four, five years but he down the starting in Carolina right now. Ray Caru on the loose needs to be back in jail for What he did to That woman 20, 30 years ago. Ray Caru Strange Ray Caru doing like any other, any other, any individual supposed to Odoo. When They get outta jail, when They made a mistake, Laylo Ray Caru been got three years. You ain't heard a motherfucking whisper from he ain't talked to nobody. He ain't did now podcast. He ain't did he laying low. That's What. You supposed to Odoo Ray Raheem Morris head coach down There Atlanta.


But that's What. You supposed to Odoo lay low when you I know so many people right now man. They go to jail and Then when They come home, They wanna Odoo the same thing They were doing before. And when They go back to jail, They wanna pick up the phone and call you Hey fam You think You can send me something? Hell no I'm not. Not sending you nothing. Well how my girl doing? She doing excellent. She with me now. can you wanna jail? You wanna mistreat this woman you don't want motherfucker? I be up for, I take the kids to school, I pay the bill and I'm gonna act just like a squirrel and get me a nothing Odoo.


You hear me? I'm gonna act just like a squirrel and get me a nut.


HBCUs are the mecca of Black scholars and BET Plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET Plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET Plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET Plus with the premium monthly plan for a limited time new subscribers stream for up to 50% off. BET Plus has Culture on lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series.


You'll love My Five Casino


High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at High Five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at High Five Casino dot com High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high the number Five Casino dot com High Five Casino,


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out There is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles That time. Let's put That into perspective. You You Drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking you You spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You You even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar, Meyer Bacon and Then Drive to work. And to think That the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy


Hey. Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister, I'm Surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains buying the Big Bang Theory in young Sheldon CBS is excited to welcome back some beloved familiar folks I am so JLab That UNCC are here and Georgie at a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie and Mandy's first marriage Premier CBS. Thursday eight seven Central and streaming on Paramount Plus.


Did you know That? October is a DHD awareness month. It's a perfect time to shine a light on understood.org. A nonprofit that's made a real difference for millions of families like mine. understood.org is dedicated to supporting people who learn and think differently. Imagine this 70 million people in the US including maybe your child, a friend, or even yourself, have a learning and thinking difference like A DHD or dyslexia. Yet many of them don't have the resources They need to thrive. That's where Understood comes in. They. Reach 20 million people worldwide every year offering free expert vetted resources for parents, teachers and adults, including curated articles, podcasts, downloadables, and more with understood. You don't have to navigate learning and thinking differences on your own. Check out you.org/give today and see how They can help you or someone you love.


Watching Commanders Lost to the Baltimore Ravens today. 30 to 23. Jay Daniels still played good but you get seen. That Commander, y'all not There yet. You been playing good but I'll That Super Bowl talk. Stop it. Like Daniels, he liked That but overall as a team, Lamar had to show y'all some big back. Derrick Derrick Henry ass is getting out. We You have had That, right? There in Dallas, We You have had That Monster, right? There in Dallas but We didn't. We can't afford It. You see where That gets you ass whooping like We got today bought 7 9 79 Y'all but Shaq, I took a Ravens and What.


Lamar Jackson right now is doing him and Derrick Henry That Duo is looking great. Za Flowers stepped up today, he balled out. But I still like What. I see in the Commanders. But They They not There yet. And no They still building So They, okay They still gonna win That division even though the Eagles beat up on Massage Parlor Watson. I don't know What Massage Parlor Watson got on the Cleveland Browns. I don't know but They still saying he gonna be the starting quarterback and I don't know why he knocked the future. You got a man over There on the bench right now is a Moga Vega. He inspired people even though his speeches might not make sense. Jam Winston, I wanna see Jam Winston starting for the Cleveland Browns come next.


Week. I think Deshaun Watson need to sit on the mother fucking bench. Tell me I'm lying man. Wasting mile. Gary's prime. Them wasting mile Gary's Prime with the play. Granted They can't really protect That good but Washington You can run. You can't even Odoo. That. I gotta tell you, What stick of That blue tent They got on the field when people getting injured. If They put That tent full of massage parlors in That on the field, What watching going off MVP again. So you gotta play to your playoff strengths.


Put a massage parlor under That Blue Tent in the NFL and watch and watch watching Odoo. What it. Odoo Odoo. I'm a hear me out. I'm three. I mean some bad mothers up in tent after every drive watching go in That tent when That motherfucker come out it's like Superman going in the booth. Think about it. It's like Superman going in the booth. 'cause ain't no way man was and fall off like That. I don't know if It was the women down here in Houston.


I it had to been That, it had to have the syrup. They was giving them down here in Houston. It had to have been the sw They was, you know What. I'm saying that's going on down here. That's What. It was. I'm tell y'all something about a time you ain't never been for the people That live here know for the women out here is I'm, I'm talking, I'm talking my frozen peanut butter thick can ass just tickling. You don't know What to Odoo. You see one. You see another one? Oh shit, I don't know. What to Odoo. They look like They from Brazil. Them the kind of women poll watching used to They no women like They up There in Cleveland.


Only a couple And They ain't friendly. He was down here in Houston getting off. Why Odoo you think Dez come down here? Why y'all think Stefan Dez come down here? Dez was di down down here getting off and I heard he getting off with the other sex too. Allegedly. That's coming down. Y'all gonna see it. I rock What you digs but That. That. That's What just came out man just made a statement man said Diggs tried to rape it allegedly. That's What he said and the way digs dressed I can see it. Y'all go read the report allegedly.


They say digs like That meat. People say anything day but he seem like he got receipts allegedly. We gonna find out. We gonna see but We gonna tolerate That down here on the Texans. We gonna tolerate That. Who minute motherfucking women on you. We gonna put you on some good blues too. And I know right now De son Watson Anita to hear That song he was hearing down here in Houston too. Too many memories. Oh y'all know about That right? There too many too. It's a lot going on.


Kirk Franklin making music with Glower. God ain't pleased with you Kirk, but you want praise and s rhyme him. You gonna get your motherfucking ass up out my church nigga Kirk cousin a rap. I mean Kirk Franklin a rapper. That ain't applies. God ain't pleased with That. Y'all y'all know That man this man, these people doing anything for money these days. Y'all They doing anything for money now Man I hear rapping with Glow and I love Glow They Moose knuckle on another motherfucker level but when But when have having a big Moose knuckle been sexy?


I don't want no big monkey motherfuck woman. You get your big cat ass ass pop my bed There ain't nothing good for no woman having no big coochie. Oh my coochie big bitch. Is That supposed to be sexy? Is That supposed to be something? My coochie big Novo. I'm going to get my, I'm going to, I'm I'm going to get this fat from my stomach and I'm have a flash stuff. Get your coochie done too ho. Get your miles reset on your coochie. Damn the damn all this shit and Tig is and That get your COEs reset a doctor I thought right now need to come up with getting your coochie reset.


You ho got airplane miles on them COEs. You damn right C overrated right now. And I admit it come out with first catch left-handed. Pull it in shit. We finna go OutCo shit interception. That first pick D threw broke my heart. But I want you women because you men y'all You blame y'all buying hits and everything. Buy a new coochie. Get the miles reset on it. So when a little like me get up in you You can moan and groan.


I'm hitting y'all now. It's like throwing a a hot dog down the highway a a hallway. Nothing. Didn't want me can you hold me for you didn't moan, you didn't show me no affection or nothing. I even stood up trying to put it anywhere. I You. You still didn't moan, you didn't Odoo nothing. You write on your motherfucking phone playing your game and you want me to hold you after six N I'll not, I'll not in the name of Jesus I will not Watching this show Then.


You know this show being presented by Prize Picks can prize picks going download number one sports fantasy app right now use my promo code trash with the two Hs. I'm telling you right now man if you want to get your paper up, go over There with Prize picks them other apps cool. But They ain't prize picks man telling you the truth more or less. What you mean Dub It just might have a certain player like tonight Joe Burrow, That might have had Joe Burrow slate to have 230 yard pass. All you had to Odoo was put more or less can more or less man go over over with prize picks right now other apps cool. We ain't gonna knock them other apps but They ain't Price Fix. Make sure y'all go There and check 'em out.


Cowboys on a buy a Week. We need it. We need all the mother help We can get y'all including us fans. I know some of y'all don't even wanna go to work tomorrow 'cause you gonna talk shit to everybody. Last Week before you left That y'all were gonna be Detroit. We lied to them folks. We lied to them folks. Detroit is happy right now. Henry Ford, ANOVA and his motherfucking grave right now. can senior, junior, all the motherfucking Fords right now is happy right now Up There in Detroit. Man hell They giving away free trucks tomorrow. I don't know man.


I don't know. Cowboys trash, Colorado loss P Diggy don't wanna be in the cell by itself no more. He want, he want, he want a cellmate and you know What That mean if Diggy want a motherfucking cellmate something go die, something will go down and Diggy wants shit. Diggy ain't the only one going. Somebody is going to and I'm Pete Diggy, I'm got, I got a pen and paper right now and I'm writing down every motherfucking name. That was at my party. Every name That was involved in them party. Every name That was in There humping with me.


I'm gonna be the only one going down where I gotta go and everybody will get to stay at home, be with They families. Act like They ain't done nothing wrong. You no you were right. There with me all in them up if I'm digging you were right. There with me all in them up. I had all on everybody We living in I still can't get over his ass whooping y'all.


I'm sorry y'all, I just can't get over his ass whooping today man. 47 to nine Cowboy need to start going to church. Appreciate That old more Cowboy needs to start going to church man. Some God ain't pleased with them boys up There man. Ever since Jerry Jones come out There and and and made That comment about looking at peoples, you know What man We, We been doomed ever since. I don't know What to say no more. Y'all I don't. I'm sorry y'all.


I We got foot to our ass today. We got foot to our ass today and It don't make no sense. It just don't man it just don't man you got supposedly at ce, guess That alone should get me 20 points. We can't give Ben nine three mother head coach preparation and We You back go mother and the game You can gonna look at me and tell me you I'm show you something. Y'all think Ryan Garcia. Whoop Devin that's What.


I would've did to Mike Devvin running around here suing everybody He can get your As back in the ring the and fight. Okay Ryan beat you 'cause he cheated Then Odoo it again fight him again. I wanna see Devin get back in the ring with Garcia. I don't wanna see him fight nobody else until They fight. Garcia redeem yourself. Talking about you won't tank nigga stop it.


Stop it. You don't want That pressure, you don't want it. We watched it lie six months ago you were looking for your motherfucking air Pos up There in Brooklyn. Hey a bill say he ain't see 'em. Your trainer say he ain't see 'em. Where Pos Devin Where AirPods you looking for Lamont Roach. good luck. good, good, good luck fam. You talking That. Same talk Frank Martin was talking. good luck.


Go only and get your money. Odoo the best You can go only and get your money. Odoo your best You can. I don't know why y'all keep getting in the ring with T The boy different man boy got melatonin in glove. Putting your ass to sleep when people in Baltimore different They different man. They different the way They talk can can know why People in Detroit talk, I mean Baltimore talk. Anybody ever been in Baltimore? That's one grimy ass city. I hate going I I got fans That, I love them but it just me and oh I hate, I hate going Baltimore man.


I ain't lying. Them niggas me. This past weekend, man I was down There in Nashville, Tennessee State University. Second got the egg of George. He be deny now. Right now man I'm I'm just being real. HBCU I'm being real. Look me people fathers that's watching mothers that's watching this show got some kids playing football. Want 'em to go to A-H-B-C-U send them down There at Tennessee State University with Eddie George They ain in good hands. And I and I and I ain't just saying That, to say They in good hands down There. He ain't just teaching them to to be ball players. He teaching 'em to be men. No life after football.


Every football player that's in college ain't gonna make it to the NFL. That's What. He's teaching, he teaching about wealth. He teaching them about What to Odoo with They money man. 'cause he been There and George's building down There right now in Tennessee State University. And I advise y'all kids, if you ain't, you know What, I'm saying send them There if you want to get 'em to D one, get 'em up. There with Coach Prime in Colorado or wherever you wanna see in your kids. But TSU if you wanna send 'em to HBCU They one of the spots I would send my kids to. Man They get a great education down now We got to put the spotlight on Iggy George because We putting it on Coach Prime. Rightfully so. That's my brother. We're gonna support him. We're gonna support Iggy George too. We're gonna support the rest of these brothers.


They got something going on. We're gonna support everybody period. But We more definitely gonna support our brothers man. We, We, We gotta Odoo That, We got to Odoo more supporting one another. I'm so sick of y'all saying oh man y'all be deriding. We can't support. That's What. We came to man you ain't gonna support this person because you gonna want be considered a rider. That's game. That's weak 'cause my brother doing his thing or if my brother needs to support, I'm gonna go and support him. That's What. It's about being There for one another. White folks Odoo it all the time for one another. When them white folks open up. Banks, They hold family, friends, church people all come down.


There support it. Open up accounts. Oh but when those black folks start a look clothing line or something, man clothes too damn high, man. Close too high but you You run your ass down nigga Saxon. Huh? You can run down They Neimans more because You can run down. Nigga Gucci. Louis, spend all your money on That motherfucker. Shit. Go and spend $8,000 Then come right back to the house and wanna call somebody. Man you got four $500 and borrow HELL NAHH We You support them. We. You support our home. That's all I'm saying. They. Odoo it. Why can't We Odoo it? I be c support you people who sell shoe but quit trying to sell us them fake ass Jordans.


Damn Jordans ain't made, ain't no damn Jordans ain't making no damn Saudi Arabia. Nigga more charge people $300 for some George Megan, south Saudi Arabia. Stop it. I bought some George one time from a nigga. The inside Soul had James Brown What going on. James Brown was in the soul of my George That I bought from Man New That. Stay our shoes man. Thank y'all for watching tonight's show. I appreciate it from the back of my heart. Me Tio be going live tomorrow night. Me and Tio go live every Monday.


Tune in man. Once again, thank y'all man for watching this show, man. We, We, We rocking and rolling We trying to get this show up after every game I be going live. I know I supposed to been going live after the Cowboy game, but man, I be doing shows man. I be on the road. So bear with me. Like I said, when I came in, I was gonna go live. I did That. But tomorrow I will be going live with my brother to he gonna be on here talking shit about the cowboy. I don't know how he getting mad 'cause Jerry cut his ass. That's the only reason why TO be talking this shit because Jerry Jones cut him and he was wrong for That. He was wrong for cutting TO. You don't cut no Hall of Famer.


Don't cut some damn body. Jerry cut That. But that's why TO mad at him. See Yamar man. Peace. I'm out. The. Volume Hey. Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister, I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in.


From the brains behind the Big Bang Theory in young Sheldon CBS is excited to welcome back some beloved familiar folks I Am so JLab That, UNCC are here and Georgie at a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie and Mandy's first marriage Premier CBS. Thursday eight seven Central and streaming on Paramount Plus.


Does money stress you out? Let Facet flip your financial chaos and clarity. Finding Facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you. Odoo enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order and That Makes us Facet for life. Now, I guess Visit Facet dot com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current Facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


High Five Casino High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits. At High Five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at High Five Casino dot com. High Five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number Five Casino dot com. High Five Casino


Hey. Who doesn't t love bacon? And? did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking The point is Oscar. Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET Plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET Plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET Plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies, and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET Plus with the premium monthly plan. For a limited time, new subscribers stream for up to 50% off. BET Plus has Culture on Lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks, and new series you'll love.