
The Volume. Yeah. Welcome to the Bubble Do show. Yeah, I know. Hope y'all enjoying them videos. I'm showing y'all man. Them when them old skits, me and my partner used to put together man the struggle is real. Do you hear me? When y'all are watching them big right there, your boy dove might had $30 in his pocket but I was happy dealing a motherfucker. Do you hear me? I was happy when I didn't have no money. When you get a little change now you start stressing like a motherfucker. I ain't bullshit you no money, no problems.


I need Elon Musk problems all the money he got. But thank y'all for coming in tonight. Go and hit the like button right now. You should done already hit the subscribe button right now. You should been already in the comments laughing by now. Taking y'all down memory lane. That's the old me. I don't do all that lip wrestling with people no more. I immediately get on the phone and dial nine one one. But tonight Thursday night football Bo Nicks against Rattler two. Your guns. Both of them trash now. Lemme get that out the way right now.


Both of them trash. Sean Peyton is that why you got rid of Russell Sierra Future Wilson for Bo Nicks Well that ain't yet doing all that wolfing last year. I'm gonna bring in my quarterback but that ain't the motherfucking quarterback then. I did. I hope that you put all your money into the boat ain't hit 33 to 10. Come on New Orleans. Y'all better than that. I bet you boo ain't eating. Motherfuckers ain't happy night down there New Orleans. I bet Bourbon Street ain't jumping the night.


What was that? God damn, what was that? And y'all got nerve to get to come in and we did the cowboy. Anybody can beat the cowboy but y'all jumped out there like y'all finna be a fast racehorse. Like my daddy always told me a fast racehorse don't what last long came out there. Blue Carolina Grasshopper came back Blue Cowboys out. You ain't did nothing since. Oh we hurt. We gonna have our quarter that that's the motherfucking excuse y'all want. Give me Drew Breeze up there in the on the broadcast boo. He ain't making excuses. He say Spencer got some So which one is it either.


I'm gonna listen to y'all. I'm gonna listen to Drew Brees Damnit, I'm gonna listen to Drew Brees 33 to 10. What we we seen tonight on Thursday night Football and we got some Saints fans right now have them nerve the fingerprint. Tell me that they still better than the cowboy right now. Use a damn lie if you had dairy court. Yes but you ain't got him right now so you not better than us. And Cowboys ain't one for death. This ain't even about I sorry mother because right now I don't even wanna talk about Dallas. I wanna talk about this game tonight. Bronco Defi the the the the aint 33 to 10.


Let's break the game down. Broncos ran the ball down y'all motherfucking Pete Diggy style. That's what the Bronco did today. They ringing the ball down. Y'all throw Pete digger style night over 227 yards rushing. That's what the Broncos did. They had to do it because Bo Nixon is not yet rolling over in his grade right now on night count. He couldn't believe Bronco pulled up 33 points tonight and that Kiko somebody take him out, take him out the knife for drinks the field goal. Kiko was the player of the game.


Y'all over there showing, showing Peyton like he's some genius. He ain't no motherfucking genius. The genius is the owners because they keep putting out that scrap every week and we standing watching it and we steady paying for it. That's super genius is Al Kama where you at fam? Y'all already ain't got your starting quarterback. You supposed to be the Al Kama seven carry 10 yard trash. You need to go watch them mustache dreads. You got fam. I bet when you watch them Dr. It look like swamp water. I'm sick of you musty dreadlock motherfuckers too.


Getting in a fight with one of y'all. Y'all heard? Oh y'all heard I got so much funk in it. It make your ass pass out in the fight. I I don't fight them nigga with dreadlock musty. Y'all know I'm telling y'all the truth. Shy ass saints, you gonna get in here and talk no night. Yeah well y'all picked the wrong night. Let jump on line tonight with me Spencer route. Come on. That's all you can do all week of practice, all first team preparations and you come out there and you can't do nothing. Just a motherfucking Bronco. Is you kidding me?


These are professional athletes we talking about. We just talking about some junior high shit. These are professional athletes tonight and he came out and showed us nothing man. What y'all think about this game tonight? Man, I don't even know what to say. I can't believe the Saints got beat this bad. I can believe a cowboy lost like that but the the Saints, the Saints go march and win. Really? That's what we doing. New Orleans. Y'all gonna lay down because your court you still got games to play.


Oh. Oh Y'all think when court come back y'all gonna be right there with the Falcons Never Kirk cousins on no level done turn He up there on the podium talking about trap houses. Alright, don't give a damn. They lock up all they give a damn fancy come here. Yeah you were giving it up. Give it to give it to me. Fa come here. What's her name? Fancy fat. What motherfucking name? Here tell her come here anyway.


New Orleans. Y'all ain't got a chance against the falcon this year. This the Falcons year to make it out. That division y'all not gonna do no dairy car. Y'all are front runners. That's what you call a front runner. Jump out there look real good. That's what we call in the south a chicken snake. Anybody in the south know what I'm talking about. Chicken snakes, they get big. They're scare the shit outta you. But they ain't poison. They chicken snakes ain't poison. They big. They're scare you. You a rapper one. You a joke like a motherfucker. But in reality they can't do nothing to you. They can't harm you. That's the sights play against when y'all played the Cowboy. Y'all were alligators when y'all played.


When y'all played Bronco tonight y'all were snails. Y'all be flip flopping and shit. Be who you are. A snail still ain't forgot that ass whooping y'all gave us and I never will. If you ask me right now, who would I take Dak a dairy car. I got to go with dairy car. I'm just being real. I'm I'm, look, I'm a cowboy fan till I die. But I know quarterbacks will not see quarterback. Dairy car is better than Dak. I'm sorry I go ahead admit that. So when y'all beat us this year it shouldn't even really count because you got a better quarterback than we got. You got a better running back than we got.


I don't wanna talk about that. Damn what they, how much money they gave Dak? Damn that and y'all gave all that money something you niggas done went down here and got called and paid more of than what the car really worth. Now tell me I'm lying. You get want to jump in something new nigga. My new car done man that car, that's a 2020 nigga calling me talking about it's a 2025. No it ain't 2020. Ain't nothing wrong with 2020 but call it what it is. Stop all that D $260 million man ain't worth $30.


Fuck that. I ain't even supposed be talking my dak on this show. I'm gonna be talking about the Bronco and the Saints right now. Y'all done got me off on to Dak. You done piss me off. I don't want talk about that side. No good motherfucking cheeky belly ring tote. I don't even wanna get started on that no more man. But I'm gonna be honest though. Spencer real ain't that bad man. It was some drop passes tonight I admit. But I'm just talking about as a team overall. D Allen coaching the New Orleans Saint. I thought they were perform better than that since what Spencer Row. Bigger than what, two weeks now You would think they would have some kind of chemistry going and it just wasn't another night.


Granted Sean Peyton? No, Dennis Allen. You know they coached together but I just wanna know what is Sean Peyton seeing from Bo Nicks that he didn't see in Russell Wilson? I don't know if he just wanted his own quarterback or he felt like they was giving Russell too much money. I don't know to put, because Russell didn't play bad last year. If, if we just being honest, Russell didn't play bad last year but he was pushed out. Sean Peyton was over on the sideline cussing him out and, and Sierra was going to come down there and handle it. You know what I'm saying? You, it's bad when your woman got more heart than you. Sierra got more heart than Russell.


I don't know what's going on in Pittsburgh right now. They they they, they taking Justin Fields off the field putting Russell back on the field. I don't know what Mike tumblers in but damn I I don't I man four and two fam. You normally be three and three, you four and two and I get it. Russell got the Super Bowl ring. I get it. He's experienced. I get it. But man, four and two man Justin Fields is your future. I don't think Russell Wilson is your future but you a coach. That's why you get paid the big bucks. I'm gonna sit back and sho up and just watch. Don't you fail. I'm gonna be on your ass like back pockets coach.


Because right now you're four two. You four two. He, he admit he ain't played the way he should be playing yet. But you're foreign too. You wanna bring in Russell, Russell better play out, better play motherfucking MVP kind of a ball now. I wish playing quarterback would be like him laying down with C 'cause he, he's going to us down every motherfucking not with CI heard she pray nigga again, Mr. No condom.


But lemme know what y'all think about Justin Fields being benched for Russell Sierra. Future Wilson getting the comment section right now. Let me know what y'all think about that man. Somebody here talking about the commanders. Y'all gonna, y'all gonna be straight but right now I wanna know, do you think that Justin Fields should be benched right now in favor of Russell Wilson? Is the question that I'm asking y'all right now? Talk to Mes his ass down. Nah, I can't, I couldn't do it. I don't wanna mess up the chemistry of the team right now.


I'm I'm just talking if, if I was the head coach, I don't wanna mess up the chemistry of the team right now. A lot of players it's probably split. Lot of players probably won't wrestle. Lot of players still won't Justin but Justin is forward too. He he, he have not lost that job yet. If you ask me now, maybe Mike tumbling personally just want to go with the vet and see what he can do. She can he bring a different spark to the game and, and and and whatever just to field haven't have not done yet but it remains to be seen. Let's see what they do this week coming up. They in the A FC North they in the same division with the Ravens, the Browns and the Bengals.


So they four and two right now. Bengals what two and four. Only thing you got really worried about is the Ravens Lamar Jackson right now and that division Cleveland, they got a quarterback decision to make in Cleveland right now with massage Paula Watson they owe him a lot of money but in reality he need to be on the motherfucking bench watching with binoculars like 'cause motherfucker or Madden. I wish Madden was real because Massage Power Washington be MVP right now that said that motherfucker is the Madden goat but in real life nope he's not.


So Cleveland got a decision to make it quarterback. It could, it could bring in no CN ass Winston. I wouldn't mind seeing it. I want to see JAMA wins Start again. See what he can do. Yeah he threw for four touchdown one year but still had faulty interceptions. Mr will throw up and they ain't got to look Who see got who got there. That's one thing about Wilson, he ain't going, he ain't trying to see who got the for jump out. He just gonna throw that motherfucker up and and do a speech when he do it. Lord I know somebody dying there. That's why we are champions nigga. You ain't no champion. See that's what Winston be doing man. But I feel like he should come in right now for the Cleveland Browns and start Cleveland got made make a decision with Parlor man.


Parla, I don't know where he can go and resurrect himself. I'm still trying to figure out why a Carolina Grasshopper still got Andy Dalton starting over Bryce Young I don't get it, don't understand it, it don't make no damn sense to me. But I'm not the only, I'm not running the team so I don't, I don't basically know what's going on in Carolina right now but I do think it's bullshit hurt the Miami Dolphins. I'm not for sure brought in Trey Lance do the, you know tuna fish tour being hurt but he is coming back after week eight pre still praying for tuna fish tour that he come back here and correctly if he do continue to play football, you know I pray that he protect himself and that he be all right.


You know CTE concussions is the very serious situation when they come to your brain. But Tuna fish tour say he is not retiring, he's not Finn leave behind that $53 million. I don't blame him but I think your health is more worth your, your health is better than than money. But you know we're not in your position. We, we can't dictate nothing. All we can do is just pray that you be safer after I make a suggestion three a week ago, if they need to get the same helmet Elon Musk got for them down robots and put on the NFL and let them play like at this damn point like let's just see Elon Musk you building every damn thing else nigga Bill help me for the NFLA safe one.


You know what I'm talking, I just think about this motherfucker building everything else Elon, everything else on the car, no steering wheel, no gas pedal. Motherfucker take you here to Hawaii. You me tell me the same motherfucker can't invent some helmets where we can't get head in. Stop it. I know he can. I know he can. It's time we start using our smarts. How smart are we really? Damn that build a helmet motherfucker I can come in 30 miles an hour in class and nothing happens. That's what need to be studied. The sports science. We need to start putting more money into the sports science and things man.


It's a whole lot of shit we can we, we can solve around here. You already solve when your thing can get hard you can get hundred packs, you can get B tools, you know what I'm saying? You can go buy Rhino Extend, you can go buy several things to get your man to rise up. You know what I'm saying? So we got to advance this thing a little bit more real talk. It should be come up with some rubbing order rub on your hands and count the 30 and your thing get hard. Ooh wouldn't that be something No pill, no side effects. All you gotta do is get rub on like this. Get hard. That's all I'm saying. That's where my mind be on. I'm fucking invest in so some something like that, A medicine like that.


What about y'all? But that's how I do feeling. How I don't know how y'all feeling? I'm feeling great you know next week you know the start of the NBA regular season starting up. Yeah the NBA fest start back up and the timbers going be at the Lakers next Tuesday night. I can't wait. I can't wait And I'm gonna go ahead and put my predictions out there right now. Lakers will make the playoffs. That's about it. I ain't got no other faith in them side motherfuckers. I don't but I will say this and I bet my money on this bro. James go average three points a game.


He consistent with me. Y'all say what y'all but that points a game. I can book that, book him for three right now. I've put them down three points a game. Brody, I don't know what y'all caning but when y seen he consistent he gonna gimme two or three points a game. I don't know why but that's what he going to give us. What are y'all predictions on y'all teams? Let me know what y'all, I know I got some Celtic fans in here. Some six fans, some Golden State fan. Clipper fan never damn out again.


Do you hear me? Motherfucker stay hurt. He need to stay with a team doctor. He need to move a doctor in with him. Somebody Kaling Bones need to be studied that that's what need to be studied. We come about spending money on sports side. Kaling got the bones of a gu. I ain't bullshitting you Kaling. The cloth got the bones of a gu. Motherfucker stay hurt injured talking about walk in the training room. You in the training room. Every time I get in the pool, you in the pool. Every time I go see a doctor, you at the doctor getting up all the stitches, getting all the crutches.


You them rubbed off on pg. PG up there and and and and Philadelphia now with a Maxi P on talk to me about no motherfucking koala him. Oh the same guy y'all say be than LeBron. I like he LeBron stop or she he can't stop from being hurt. That's one goddamn thing he he cannot stop. We can't stop. Not even God can't stop that nigga from being hurt.


He got off the rock. He got more than that boy got bones over here Gua man. And the shit need to be struggled. Real talk can't wait for sir can't wait to see Rago get back on that field again. That's what I can't see wait to see. I can't wait to see them young men get back out on that field and redeem they self 'cause they run game last game wasn't now the door look horrible. I'm expecting no better week playing Arizona. That ain't no long trip. I'm expecting the Colorado buffalo to pull up 44 points. This serving. I'm thinking the score gonna be 44 to 20 Colorado.


That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm feeling. What y'all feeling man? We ain't talking about the chiefs right now man. We gonna get, we gonna get to that zebra pat Mahon. We gonna get to y'all man. Y'all the champion. Why we gotta keep talking about the motherfucking chiefs Talking about Coach Prime right now. Hey y'all got this game going this Saturday day man up there in Colorado. Talk to Dub right now. I need to be talked to. How y'all feeling? Talk to me man. Diggy ain't coming home fam. They say the damn baby all P Diggy had was laced.


How you lace a motherfucking baby oil? I don't know but the baby oil diggy was whoever he was doing with it was laced. Look a day rape drug. Do you, you gotta be some kind of sick mother and they say he running around the house, he can't satisfy you. Oh give it to me. Give it to you babe. I can show you by real love and I promise that guy dang guy is just to satisfy you. They say Diggy dancing in that cell right now.


They say Diggy dancing in Diggy getting off in that cell right now. Ain't worried about nothing because he still got them tapes Of your favorite rapper, favorite ball players? Favorite movie player? Favorite hockey player, skating player. He got big of all Your favorite Doing their nasty. That dig. That dig at low down, dirty Evil motherfucker. What? Dig it got your favorite ball player but Naked showing his public house. Do you hear me? Hat's your favorite rapper nigga. Your favorite Got your favorite rapper with his to it up in the house and I ain't going 90 degrees too and y'all want a cigarette and and disrespect the deal or stop it.


That's what you ain't gonna do. Some of your favorite people now was hanging out with Puff. They ain't talking them about it now they quiet because they know Diddy might open up a can of worms and if I'm Pete Diddy, I'm opening up them damn can of worms right now. I've been gone for three weeks, shit. I'm coming home. What I got to prove? I'm digging. I'm a dancer, I'm a producer. I'm not a thug. I'm gonna be in there being there supposed to be at home with their family in the wintertime. Sweaters Christmas drinking peppermint coffee. Damnit. That's why I'm gonna be not finna be in no motherfucking cell talking about what I used to do and now this and that and shit.


Mm nothing. And if I was in the penitentiary I'm gonna be PC up. Yep. Protected custody. But when I come home I'm gonna tell everybody I was in gym Pop knowing I'm lying like a motherfucker lying in jail PC when I come home man I was in population man. Them whole ass nigga, nigga nigga see me man I ran my block. That's what I'll be doing. That's what I be doing right now. If I'm digging I be back home man I wing in there. I'm handling my own. I handling them niggas man. You know what I'm saying down. I was in there the whole time. I in pc I didn't even see assault.


Who I what do did What do you have to prove bro? You did wrong. Cool. But some other people did wrong too. And I think y'all should know who it was. Now if you want that information, the shit you got on me it got to go because what I'm about to give y'all Lord knows. Yeah if I'm digging, I'm telling them look y'all got me whoever I prove what you got Until they show me videos of what I done done wrong. I ain't saying nothing but if they show me the video they got me. Come here man. Look at man. Look man I got about 30 important people to a miracle right now.


Man. I got videotapes on right now. I for I would exchange them to let me go drop everything on me. Whatever y'all want Sue cool but let me go, let me be a free man. I give y'all what y'all want. That's if I'm dead. That's what I'm telling my lawyer. That's what I'm telling my kid. Daddy going to be home don't you worry about anything. They going be home. I'm gonna tell 'em everything they wanna know in a little bit. No if I'm digging that's what I'm doing. But hey he wanna be hard. Hey do your thing fam do your thing. I wouldn't do it.


Now if you're watching this show then you gotta know this show being presented by prospects going download the number one sports fantasy app right now. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. It's more, it's more or less over there on Pic Baby. Like the night they had Bo Nick leg to have 190 yards. You either put more or less they had Spencer have over 180 yards passes. You either put more or less over there. Only way you gonna win on Prospect if you don't play real talking if you, you do play, if you are a first time user you put $5 in, you instantly get 50 real talk.


Some of y'all might be at work right now. Can't even watch me going live man. I miss Dub going live but I tell you what you can do and you and what you can't miss. If you type in Apple podcast and type in the bubble dub show there I am or Google, Spotify type in Bubble do there. I'm hit the like button right now. Shit. Done hit the subscribe button right now. Yeah. How many people got on live? Over 1300. I have over 1300 like right now because you can't get this nowhere else but right here now y'all know what time it is to kind the show. When when I'm going, when it's the hell no segment of the show Live on the show.


He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you For you new people gonna know what the hell no segment is. I'm finna introduce you. What the hell no segment is Some of y'all people out here be having them tailgate parties and y'all be inviting me down and I'll walk through and I be seeing y'all barbecue pits and them same barbecue pits y'all made outta them old as grandma kisses and Crown Vic cars y'all got and had a nerve. Ask me do I want a brisket. Hell no. I don't want nothing off that motherfucking pit. That's all I'm saying. I don't want nothing off that nasty pit. Thank you. I'm thankful you I don't shit on you cooking on all this shit going down.


You got it on the pit like it ain't nothing. Stop it. I I guess you think you less barbecue now with them oxtail stop it nigga showed me a oxtail. I thought it was oxtail nigga with rabbit tail. I get to the crib, I'm just bouncing up and down. Fuck going on with me while I'm bouncing motherfucker I ate Ox ox don't bounce. Gotta be careful what you eat You can't eat everybody here food either man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thanksgiving come up. You gotta be careful. Come try my macaroni and cheese if that macaroni and cheese ain't ve ain't ain't ve viga damnit.


I don't want it. That ve viga cheese gotta be goddamn damn silky and smooth like a durag. Michael you can't say what I'm saying. You you gotta put the right cheese in macaroni and cheese. You got to put the right cheese and rot tail dip if that rot tail dip ain't got Val Viga do don't want it. So do I eat rot tail dip without Val Viga? Hell no. No bubble dub. You gonna eat a plate behind somebody who gonna wash their hand. Hell no. Nasty funky ass hand.


You know what I'm talking about. And one thing I used to hate getting a haircut, you barbers, some of you barber's hands be funky. You been playing in cat rolling weed then wanna come here and cut my hair and put your hand right here up me get your musty funky ass hands off my face. Make my shit break out. You know who you're you funky finger ass barbers. You know who you're funky hand ass nigga. No pet cemetery hand have an ass. No your must as hands off me nigga wash your hands and wear gloves. Sanitize 'em too. Y'all know ain't lying. I'm telling y'all the truth. Figure night these barbers hand be funky Mustardy. They playing in cat, they eating rubbing in the box and they come back and wanna cut your hair.


What's good a fam shit nigga I finna pull my pistol out. You gonna wash your hands today. We ain't gonna be all nasty. You gonna be sanitary riding you giving these restaurant de marriage niggas start giving these barbershop de marriage. One thing I hate to do is walk into a barbershop. Them niggas in the back shooting dice and these niggas got pit bulls on this side and and Frenches on this side for sale. Niggas smoking, niggas sipping lean and shit. Don don't sit down and make yourself comfortable nigga. I feel like I'm at the trout. I feel like they finna bust down the motherfucker. I gonna get comfortable. IA gone get outta here fam. I ain't going to be able to do it. Nah it's like that. Yeah nigga it's like that but you know you look a little uncomfortable yourself so I'm gonna make it easy on yourself so when I ease up outta there, I ain't just leaving.


I'm dialing 9 1 1, I'm finna shut this shit down or nothing because the first thing I do when I call them white people and say man them niggas down there trapping, they ain't going to go. But if you ever want to get a white person off they feet, all you gotta do is call down there. They down there abusing them dogs. Them poor damn dogs. Boy you finna have so many motherfucking cops down there that shop. Do you hear me? I'm talking about animal rights. Everybody fuck all the motherfucker gonna be high now. fema. FEMA gonna be there. They supposed to be there now a disaster but it is a disaster when you messing with them white folks dog. Oh shit I ain't lying.


You'll miss that white man dog boy white man hurt you behind that damn dog. You could take that white man wife, kids take all this money but you better not touch that damn dog. It's problems. It's problems. Shit. White people don't play what to jail White didn't. Oh my god. They like they got scars on them, they got blood on them and they're fighting them like they some kind of sport just like y'all guy goes playing basketball NFL like like some kind of motherfucker. It's the same thing I'm saying to them Mexican when they fighting them damn roosters show my shit going on in the world.


We need to change y'all. That's all I'm saying. This is not a perfect world. I'm not perfect. You not perfect. That's all I'm saying. But I do know one thing Bernie Jane on average three points this year but damn what y'all say St. Louis I'm gonna see y'all this Sunday. He them coming clubby. I'll grab 'em tickets if you ain't St. Louis man. Austin, Texas? Yeah, Austin, Texas. November the 10th I'm gonna be at Cap City. Pull up. Y'all been asking for me Austin here I come Cap City November 10th. I can't wait my h time people texting. Y'all know what it is y'all doing y'all thing down here.


Don't forget we matching up this year in Dallas. All my Texas fans. I need y'all in to come it right motherfucking now. Yeah because you gotta come to the D. Yeah Dallas. Where at baby? Yeah I know we still holding on by thread but I'm letting you write. Not know right now. I'm going to that game. Matter of fact, that's the game I'm bringing the fan to. So if you've been liking, if you been, you already done subscribed, you bring the comments consistently, then my team going know because my team gonna go through the comments and we going to pick a lucky fan to take them to the Houston, Texas, especially the Dallas Cowboy game. So if you already been doing what you're doing, even if you knew now you still got a chance to win.


So to go go with me to that game man, that's gonna be a hell of a game. I don't know what jersey I'm wearing. I might get Jersey made one side Texas, one side cowboy. I'm just showing love to the Lone Star state. That's all. That's all Don't a fuck about no Prescott got me feeling like Suge Knight. Ain't that something though man. I mother like Suge Knight was so powerful. Had Dr. Dre Snoop Dogg, the Dogg pound, Tupac Shakur and just fuck that all off man.


Being ignorant and young but just no guidance man. Like black people. We just shit man. When when we support one another we could shit man we just mess it up with pride and ego like man that man was on, man did. It was on man. So many black, them were real labels man. The boy was eating changing lives. Power man, money, evil. If you're getting money man, don't let that shit become get go to your head man. That shit is evil man.


Gotta use it the right way. Can't use the wrong way man. They want us to fail already. They want us to go out here and buy all these cars and jewelry and houses and fuck off all our money and then put us on this don for broke list. That's what they want to do. They want us to be gotta be smart sometime, man. Get that money man going blow it man. Flip that shit man. Turn that shit up man. Yeah that's what you gotta do man. Yeah, flexing Nigeria. It might not be flexing that nigga flexing some land. You know what I'm talking about Some houses or some shit, you know what I'm saying? That's going to make money over time man. That's what we need to be doing man. I can say money is not the rule.


I can say money is evil. It is evil. I ain't say it was the root but it's evil power. It's evil. It's all about how you, you know what I'm saying? It could be ePower, it's evil and it could be good power but it's it's evil man. Gonna make motherfuckers do strange things for some change brother. Real talk. That's nothing in love. That's evil. That love can't be evil. Love is love. That's all I'm saying. Fuck a love of money people will steal from they brother. Fuck a love of money. Ride my own car. Come on now man.


Nah you not evil. You don't supposed to love money man. Somebody said love Mike. I get I I get what you're saying. Yeah, you gotta have money survive. Don't let people tell you that money don't make the world go around and do. You gotta have that shit to survive man. But to love it. You can't take that shit with you when you die. You love it. You like it. You like the feeling it bring. I can't say I love money. I just like the feeling that shit bring though. I ain't gonna cap on that shit though. Love that shit. Nah, I can't take it with me when I die but to like it. I like women shit. I think we all do. Yeah already it's that do talk.


It ain't shit. Butt some paper for sure though. But back to the subject you get hand my bad. Y'all still, y'all still nigga get out there and vote. I ain't telling you who to vote for. I'm just saying you still nigga get out there and vote for whoever you going vote for. Whether, you, democrat, Whether, you Republican man. Go vote. You know what I'm saying? Do what you do. Don't ask me who I'm voting for 'cause you know what I'm saying? I don't know yet. I ain't making my mind yet. I might not even vote. And I know that sound real stupid of me saying I'm not gonna vote. I don't know. But I don't know who I'm gonna vote for yet. I don't know man. It's, it's, I don't, I really don't know.


I really, I just want, I just want, I just want what's best for America right now. That's all. I just want what's best for America and because it it's about the kids. It ain't about us. Y'all be getting too crazy and dial up in that shit about this and that. Y'all be getting mad man. Politics is politics at the end of the day. I feel like all of 'em crooked. I feel like all of 'em be behind the scenes hanging out and they playing a big game on us. That's what I think personally. But go vote for whoever you wanna vote for and gonna enjoy your life. Don't let nobody, you know what I'm saying, stop you from having no good day. Do what you supposed to be doing man.


People dying every day. You still alive. Have fun. Some older people on this show go on vacation somewhere man. Go on vacation. Damn them kids, them kids don't run y'all ragley. Some of y'all 45 years old look like you're sitting 'cause them damn kids done drove you crazy. Let them crazy motherfuckers be your son. Keep going to jail. Leave his ass in now because that's apparently where he want to be. Ain't no hos in there. Ain't no brothers in there. I'm just telling y'all gonna do what I do. That's all I'm saying.


I want you to go vote. But I I'm just saying don't do what I'm gonna do. Don't be like me because I'm confused. I see a damn commercial on Kamala. I'm like damn. She did what nigga? I see something on Trump like I know fam didn't do that. I'm like man they playing. They playing us man. Talking about go vote motherfucker. Who gonna pay my light bill this week? Who gonna pay my my car note this week? Who gonna pay my child support this week? See that's what I'm talking about. Like, oh my go motherfucker. He be paying me bills St. Louis can't wait to see y'all Sunday. Man, it's going down man. Real talk. Thank y'all for tuning in man to tonight, man. Show, you know what I'm saying? Trash ass Thursday night, I mean Thursday night football game with the Broncos and the Saints.


Bo Nicks rookie quarterback Spencer Reer book Spencer Rattler, rookie quarterback. Neither one of 'em threw for a touchdown. Both players really trying to find their way, but the Broncos found a way to pull it out. Sean Peyton head coach for the Broncos. I ain't going to talk down on the Bronco day one. They, they growing saints. Y'all hurt. I know that. So I'm just on here talking sick as I do, you know what I'm saying? Lighten up y'all day because if the, the cowboy lost the other day. Y'all was on my neck and, and I'm just returning the favor. That's me. I for a 9 2 1 2, that's me. I'm gonna return the favor every motherfucking time.


That's just how do feeling. That's just how I'm feeling right now. Y'all like I say, I've been going through some things spiritually, man. I haven't been recently had to find me a new church due to the fact that I've been into it with my pastor. I've been talking about the last couple days. Yeah. I'm in, I'm in, I'm looking for a new church to join now and, and and and and go there and and worship. God. I was going to a church. My cousin was the pastor of that church. I'm just gonna leave it at there man. God don't want me to continue to expose him. I'm I'm gonna leave it. Leave at Woods at ain't end it on Good Note.


Trash of the day is just going to both teams. Neither one of the quarterbacks. They going to both quarterbacks trash couldn't throw no motherfucking touchdown. Them blew my prize pick. We got quarterbacks in the NFL that can't throw for over 200 yards. Y'all Peyton Rolling over in this motherfucking grave, man. Damn Margo rolling over and Powder man. I ain't never seen nothing like it, y'all. I ain't never seen nothing like it.


Yeah, I love Amazon Prime though. But thank y'all for tuning into tonight's show, man. I see y'all Saturday evening after Colorado defeat Thes, Arizona Wildcats, peace. I'm out in love. The Volume.