
The Volume. What do you do everybody? What it do? Happy New Year's to everybody. Happy New Year's to everybody man. Real talk. God. Them blessed. You can see 2025. It's a new year. I know y'all got new plans, new goals, new resolutions, new everything. Just make sure make, just make sure you stick to what you saying you going to do this year man. Because this the time to do it. Go ahead and hit the like button right now. If you ain't already didn't hit the like button to my new subscribers, welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Make sure you keep your notifications on because you gonna never know when gonna go live.


But this morning we going live and last night we witnessed a massacre. Damn. What Massacre? Ohio State. They Oreogon Oreogon game bowling doing what they supposed to do. Letting making the world feel like they the number one team. But that was a damn lie how your state came out ready to ball and that's what they did. I know them damn loggers up there in Oreogon right now. I know they even gonna work this damn morning. I know they sick. Chip Kelly rolling over in his damn grave right now. Him and Marcus Mariota.


Well beside that he on right now. I know he holding the clipboard damn wheel. Howard 17 for 26. 319 yard three touchdown. That's what quarterback supposed to do and he damn ball game. And that's what he did last night. All I've been hearing the last couple weeks man. Who you got? How you stay Oreogon man? Who you. I like man, I don't really know but you. You build a pink Oreogon. Shit glad I didn't because if I'm doing I would've been sick now all my Oreogon fans that's been DMing me talking my what y'all gonna do? Me? Where you at? Show your face. You show your face.


Don't hide. I don't hide the cowboy taking them ass whooping. I came right back on here either that day or the next day and I got straight to business. Y'all come in here right now and talk to talk. Stop. Stop all that motherfucking hiding and come out and play. Lemme tell y'all something. Oreogon Oreogon. Y'all had negative 23 rushing yards. What motherfucking game you gonna win with my, with negative 23 rushing yards. They mean the offensive line ain't getting no motherfucking push. That mean you getting beat up front. If you're getting beat up front that means you gonna get beat from the back.


Now you, you college team y'all two or three weeks off to practice to work on whatever y'all needed to work on. God dang it. And and come out and play like come out and play. Lack lust. Everybody tune in to watch this game. Everybody really actually thought this was gonna be a good game but it wasn't. Ohio State a powerhouse, a Ohio State is a powerhouse and the Oreogon Oreogon, the Oreogon ducks don't even, don't even deserve to be in the on the damn field with them. I told y'all, I told y'all how your stake different how your stake always had great players from the, I don't know if y'all remember some of y'all probably do.


I got some old heads on here. Maurice Clat. Y'all remember how good Maurice Clat was? I forgot what year it was but man that guy, I think he was a freshman. I think he tried to come out into the drafter next year. It didn't work. Got into some trouble but he doing good things now. He over up is what it is right now with Cameron and them right now. But I don't know if y'all quite remember Maurice Clat. Maurice Clat was a dog. Who else come? I go hide your state. You had 80 George come outta motherfucker Ohio State too Joe Galloway there been some great players come outta Ohio State. All I'm saying is this, when it come down to these big games, God, Ohio State always showing up and Oreogon.


I always fucking lose turn on them watching this shit. I I turn that shit off and start waiting and start watching Saved by the bail. That's what I did. I turned it off and started watching Saved by the Bail. Who won? Remember Scree? Who remember Scree on Saved by the Bail used to be my mother fucking show. And speaking of shows mean to get off top on On Topic from the, from the college games. Y'all need to go in if you ain't got Peacock go and download Peacock and watch this show called The Jackal. You gotta watch it. It's a about a elite sniper getting paid you know millions of dollars to go off and kill people.


You gotta watch that man. It's like 10 episode right now. It's the first, it's the first season. It's like 10 episodes go on Peacock. I'm telling y'all right now man. Go and watch the jackal watch some different shit. Like normally what we normally watch, I know I got some people on there like me, you know we all hood all that go and watch the jackal and it's some truth to little bit of this shit they be putting together. 'cause some of this shit still be going on today and and in this world right now that we living on right now. And y'all need to go and check it out. The real talk My Texas long horns, y'all took care of motherfucking business against Arizona State Queen come and I know everybody like Archie Manning.


I get it but Queen that man in the pool for what? Stay your ass where you ass. If anybody gonna get in that pool it's gonna bey. Oh he a man. Oh see I don't give a damn who. He's Quin winning. I'm riding a high hand and damnit, I'm riding with Quinn this young rolling over in this motherfucking grave right now. Now matter of fact, bitch Young rolling over in 1942 right now. Goddamn horn 39 30 By time somebody from Texas do something. I don't give a damn. By the time somebody in the state of Texas do something good on national tv, the Cowboys ain't doing it.


T ain't. They ain't doing it. Where you at? Where you're at? You where you at? You motherfuckers Not nowhere. Well God damn Ricky Walker, not Ricky Walker. Ricky Williams smoked 17 bunk yesterday.


Two remember Ricky Williams? See Ricky Williams would high before the game. God damn during the game God damn after the game Ricky Williams was him. I'll never forget my big brother now man. Watching them Longhorn back then Ricky Williams would get that motherfucking ball. Y'all I'm top of my ticket to the house too. You couldn't do nothing Me he would built and he would fast and ain't nothing you could do with Ricky Williams. Every time I used to tell you because you won the Heisman. I'm telling y'all I'll never forget Ricky William man coming out man I think he got drafted by the Saints. I think Master P was his agent. He had some kind of old bullshit as deal Master P gave him. It was bullshit.


But to nevertheless he gave another black man a chance, a master p to represent him. But, but just on hindsight, just looking back man, I feel like Ricky Wi Ricky Williams, sugar Beener Hall of Famer Cooker. Beener Hall of Famer, you know he quit for a year or two to go smoke weed, get his mind right. And that's where a lot of people going really, really be believing in people be ha be depressed and this and that. But man it's a lot of people be depressed man, you know in this world right now. So you just never know man, if your bill ain't right then ain't nothing else gonna go. Right. And a lot of time I used to be on the outside looking in like man how could people with all that money be depressed? Easy man you could have all the money in the world but not have you.


If that makes sense to you not have you Man a lot of people be insides they be, they be empty man. They got all the money in the world but they ain't got no social skills. They can't get no girl or or their family getting messed over. They mind all messed up man. So don't just think people who got money that like, like it's like everything. Okay. Yeah life financially they can go out and get what they want. They bills paid but for the motherfucker. Oh shit man. No people ain't got no lies man. People ain't got no motherfucking lie. But what I seen Ricky Williams y'all I remember he went to Miami Bow best rung it back in the mother fucking league. When Ricky Williams went to the, went to the dolphin, I watched Ricky William run over Ray Lewis and I ain't talking about Ray Ray, I'm talking about them killing Ray.


They could get 25 tackles on your, I'm talking Lewis. I put my right hand I watched, I watched Ricky William run Arizona State. Sam live was 24 for 46, 220 yard. That ain't gonna get, you gotta go back to the drawing board. And once again if I'm a head coach and my quarterback ain't doing what he supposed to do, you coming right over him with me. That's the same thing we need to apply. And I lie for certain people, we got certain people in our line, they ain't playing they motherfucking role. It's time to show 'em the role they done soldier, everything.


They're what they still doing here for? They ain't doing bringing drama, bringing stress to your ass. Yeah your blood pressure up but you still got this bad mother or right here. Let them go. It's somebody willing to come in right now and take they spot and do they motherfucking job for what we doing. I'm just talking to myself too. We still gotta move around, we gotta move pieces around sometimes. Gotta change the playbook some motherfucking time. Gotta change the formation sometimes. Sometimes you might even have to change jobs because you been here five, 10 years, five eight years. That don't mean you can't go out and find you nothing better. That's all I'm saying. If the quarterback ain't doing his mother job then you got to move around.


That's why you got to start developing these quarterback. Yeah I know my number one quarterback a bad mother but my number two gonna be just the school. So when one ain't doing nothing go come on run. You go run that motherfucking play. Run it to perfection. Same thing going on the defense y'all. These coaches ain't coaches man I'm the head coach, I'm over everything but since you the defense coordinator, it's your job to run the defense now nigga we ain't got no goddamn stops on third down out night. Lemme run the defense And that's the thing the coaches gotta get made. They ain't coaching no more. Y'all. I'm seeing it. Y'all seeing it.


That's why some of these teams be dysfunctional in the way they are because the head coach is just the head coach. He only go by what the coach come over here report to him and what that coach come over and port sometimes as the head coach you got to go down there and stop this shit sometimes the head coach you gotta take that headset off and do like Bill Belichick do and go over there and talk to the defense. What the fuck going on. Oh man we know coach C that's the way you playing. We y'all got all these fancy girl oh tablets and all this to show you the previous plays that you guess run. You know what formation they in because we gonna study it. We gonna win over it. Once you see a tightening over here it's normally being a run ain't it? Well god if you over there when you line up you know it's a run stop it but you got some defensive player they gonna do their do their assignments, they gonna hit they gaps and you gonna hit your gaps.


That means trouble. You gonna think the other team know that hey they ain't hitting their gaps, they pursuing, they pursuing we gonna run a cutback and that's when the running back Henry take off 60 70 motherfucking yard because people ain't doing they mother job. That's why you team they not doing they motherfucking job. Simple as that no different from me. My motherfucking cowboy horse go out and get Dak all that motherfucking money. Rightfully so. You franchise quarterback, you go out and give them money but then you gonna go out and give the motherfucking pieces of guy. I'm just gonna be a reals on this show. They see I'm not gonna do it all by itself. You go out and get these slow ass white boys and Titan ends.


These motherfucker can't running four nine forties go get the motherfucking Titans and run four five and four six. Jerry them big slow white boy make it make sense. You put them big white boys on a goddamn line and you block ain't too many Rob ain't too many Travis tell we gonna be walking through that motherfucking NFL like this no more. You better go out and get you some motherfucking skill for that run. That's the only reason why. Sorry y'all Jerry ain't going out and getting skilled for people going out trying to find some more them goddamn Jason Wings and they ain't working Ferguson shit.


Who the fuck is Ferguson And I'm asking who is Ferguson? My point is exactly y'all keep going out getting East side white boys on these tight, this shit not working. Not one good receivable CD lamb. Then you go out and get Cy Brandon Cook. Brandon Cooks ain't been shit system but he goes knock him out the Super Bowl. Why the hell y'all keep going and get he my hype? Who in the hell he jumping over catching He aint Who doing a scouting for the Cowboy? That's why I need to be scout.


I'll bring in some motherfucking talent over and they ball because I'm gonna be every motherfucking practice. I'm gonna be in the weight room with him. Goddammit. I'm be every, I'm gonna be your conscious nigga. You got two more reps? Whatcha doing? You got two more reps? Let's get it. Oh I gotta go no nigga we gonna run raps too. We gonna catch the ball till your hands bleed. That's if you want win. They say Tom Brady to stay used to be the last one to leave the best one on the field but he last one to leave. Me personally, I don't think these players really care about winning like that no more. I really don't.


I don't really personally in my mind think I I I know they wanna win but some of 'em don't give a damn 'cause they making generational wealth like fuck if I don't win I ain't tripping, I got this money, I'm good. Okay cool. We don't want you on this motherfucking team and you got some teams full of shit. And I bring me to my next point the Philadelphia Eagle full of shit not letting say Barkley and get the oh we tracing the Super Bowl now. What? Win win Bowl Eagle. This man stack one record that he could get. It ain't been broken in 40 years. He got a chance to go and get the record. You wanna see him or we gonna see him come.


We don't want nobody to get hurt. I don't wanna hear that bullshit. I don't want hear that motherfucking bullshit. If I'm Sayquan bark I'm not letting them make that motherfucking decision for me. I'm going get it. I'm going, I'm chasing him. I'm dreams. I'm like hey when he told I got bigger than St, I got got Milwaukee, I owes got Weeds. I buying you that I owe I'm Sayquan. I'm going get the ruck hundred yards away. Hundred one yards away from the Rucker. Y'all gonna stop that man from going to get that ruck all because oh man we don't want nobody to get hurt man.


Oh man. Oh man we going to the super shit you you still got get, you got the Minnesota Vikings to go through and this shit ain't guaranteed man I don't like this shit. I don't know how y'all feel about the Philadelphia Eagles not letting Saquon Barkley pursue the Russian record. Like how do y'all really feel about that? Talk to me right now man I really wanna know how y'all feeling about that but Dub ain't feeling, I'm not feeling that shit man. I think, I think it's lame to be honest. I think it's real motherfucking lame. This man this close, this close to getting a ruck and y'all like nah man go nah, nah nah we chasing something bigger. We all chasing some bigger shit in life with the shit I'm chasing go make us bigger or make me bigger.


The life of a running back ain't that long no more in the NFL y'all. They don't really care about the running backs no more. But here this man right here showing y'all that the running backs are valuable and y'all don't even see the bigger picture. They'll still y'all, y'all are players. Y'all still letting them devalue y'all man. See what y'all saying. I rather him save his body for the playoffs but you still probably ain't gonna fucking win though. That's the old point Super Bowl ain't no guarantee. Now what? What if the Eagles don't get to the Super Bowl and win now then what? Damn man I should they played they leg you damn right.


Football, football. If you scared God it don't play. They told me if you're scared don't play. Sorry I hope they gonna win a motherfucking thing this year. I hope Detroit take this shit all in Detroit we trust. Sorry as motherfucking Eagles stopping history Alabama fans. Where y'all, y'all bring y'all big badass in lost 13 to 19 to Michigan. Jim Har done lost. I know what Alabama need and I know what you missing.


You're missing St Nick Saint Nick made shit Saint Nick make the trap jump. That's what St. Nick was doing. Saint Nick was making the trap jump down in Alabama. Lord if I witness you know I ain't lying to y'all. I'm being real on this show. Ain't gonna motherfucking thing down there in Alabama. Ain't nothing Tuscaloosa. It wasn't nothing in Tuscaloosa but races and white folk down there Nick Saban coming there and change the whole motherfucking culture. Now it's Nick Bone muscle built nickles down there now everybody that down there that having kids, them kids come out sw like a motherfucker.


People actually wanna go Alabama now win. You wanna Alabama nigga used to run from Alabama, Mississippi and y'all come on do this The shit that Nick built you motherfucker every other goddamn saying Nick Saban done age 30 years since she retired. I thought he was gonna be Joe Pat make him arrest him shit for what he was doing. Let them men do with them boys down there goddamn up there and Pee State. We ain't forgot we ain't, I don't let shit y'all we ain't forgetting knew what was going on up there in the moon.


Shit Dusty going in damn block of room walking up and while them boy was and washing feet 2025 I won't bring up old shit on did damn I'm bringing up on Paton was in that motherfucker tapping them on they soul come. What if I told you you had to go to class no more and you still pass You all you gotta do is come get in this cold shower with me.


Them boy was willingly at the end of the day. At the end of the day them boy was willingly getting in that goddamn cold shower with Jefferson. Dustin. Yeah he'll p yeah he right at the end of but they was willing to do it Big boy 22 and mind trick him these motherfuckers are grown man I don't care what something y'all say. Some of know what to be called and God Jerry Sand Dustin cut shit Joe Pate dunno what's going on. I'm gonna go slide you extra 1.5 million Joe you got a job for life but for the love of God don't you say a motherfucking word and to Joe Credit I don't want see it.


I don't want hear about it Deal see every goddamn Wednesday evening Jerry and Dusky was in that locker room. Snoop snooping around. Y'all know how white folks snoop around. Y'all know how the white supervisor be on the job just walking around prying you looking for shit. No you up to no you you boss white. No you know you full of shit and they get walking around all day watching your ass making sure your ass supposed to be doing your job. You can't bullshit on the job today like you normally do because he walking up and down or she walking up and down watching your bad ass. They out to get you. They out to get you. That's how Jerry Sandusky was at Penn stay up there now they gonna try to sweep it on the rug.


It's like we gonna forgot now nigga we gonna do a 30 for 30 on Jerry Sandusky and P y'all turn black folk down. We gonna start calling. We gotta start calling everybody out. Real talk God damnit we gonna go down. Y'all going down there's going on. I'm telling y'all there's some shit going on. Nobody but we gonna talk about it on this show. This ain't just no sports show. No I'm educating y'all. I'm gonna put you up on game. It's like that RIP to the people down there in New Orleans. I know y'all seen that massacre. They happen.


I know y'all seen this shit. It ain't coincident this motherfucker in a truck Elon and then do it right in front of Trump Top. Come on man. Come on man. They trying to separate Trump and and and Elon but them billionaires too smart for that shit. Ain't no way something like that should be happening man. It's too much evil. I keep telling y'all it's too much evilness going on in this world will make you wanna go out and harm all these people and then honk. I don't get it y'all how what could be going through a person's mind and wake up. Hey man I'm gonna wait till the new year then I'm gonna go and blow everybody up. Who thinks like that? That mean that motherfucker been thinking like that and you can't tell me somebody around here didn't know that kind of shit was gonna go on or this person was capable of doing it.


You don't wake up in the morning and go blow some shit up. You gone, you been talking to somebody they been writing letters, you been on the computer looking up something been going on. Another thing I hate when these people, these black babies and not just black people but people that children coming up missing all the cameras in the motherfucking world. You said this person was last seen around five 30 on M Street and God you got cameras all over M Street then go find them. Not these motherfucking amber alerts. Well I'm trying to get me some cat godda now. I got stop what I'm doing because it Amber alert going on somebody in the greyhound, somebody in the great snatch damn somebody holy count.


I dunno what these folks in bullshit you motherfucking bullshit and I don't like it. 20 you gonna get right or they gonna get your ass right for you. Which one you want. You wanna wake up in the morning on your free wheel or you want that sergeant waking your ass up or you want your cell mate waking your ass up. Could they'll do it? They'll tap you on your shoulder or someone won't even tap you on your shoulder. They'll tell you gone and lay on your stomach say is that what you want new year come around I these motherfucking years my family been telling me gotta eat black. I pea for good luck.


Eat cabbage to have money aint I ain't the only one black I bro ain't good. Cabbage bring money into New Year. That's what they been telling me all my life. But guess what, ever since my uncle had teeth he been doing that right there Eating cabbage. Eating greens And guess what? He ain't had no motherfucking look. He been living with my grandma 40 years on the same couch, same bed in the same three motherfucking shirts. He ain't had no good look. Why the hell we eating this shit? It's a myth. It's a motherfucking myth. Eating green black eye peas not eating that no more.


I'm eating no white people eating now I want some motherfucking cherry pie. I want some apple cherry pie. The goddamn new year because the goddamn cabbage ain't doing it. The black eye peas ain't doing but giving me high blood pressure. My meat don't stand up like it used to. I'm doing something new in the new year. I'm doing something new in the new year. Y'all talking about it. Black people chillings all the shit that make us have a high blood pressure shit that make us have diabetes. What them good old white people do? They make sure them goddamn chillings available power buckets. Y'all don't be paying attention. I'm putting you on game in 2025. I'm only educating you.


Why them motherfucker my good white people. Why they live alone carry Jones 1 0 5. You can't tell that's why you robbed them turbo necks and shit. I'm he take that goddamn shirt down like this shit pig. Them fried chicken wrinkles. I I'm not bullshitting. You gotta be smart. We gotta be smarter than what we got. Yeah we love their soul. We grew up that's how we know get off that shit. Some of it I love it but some get off that shit. Pork Child, I love pork child. I don't eat that shit no more. Wanna live a long time, won't be healthy. Won't be around here for my kids and my grandkids. I know some of you old school on here too Wanna be around here for your grand babies man I respect it but we gotta start watching what we put in our bodies.


Your body is your temple. You gotta take care of your body deal wondering why that meat don't get hard. It's the goddamn food you been eating bro and shit done change too. Them goddamn stu them ain't working no motherfucking like they used to had them battery last seven months straight now they man made shit dead. Baby you got Stu gotta come back home to roost. Y'all see me on the only fan with one of them motherfuck Stu behind your beans I 25 You ho gonna stop taking bird baths too.


You ho gonna wash that cat. You ho gonna get in clean that motherfucking cat from the inside to the outside and when you open your motherfucking lives up like Jordan, it better smell cool. You all gonna stop leaving your kids with your mama doing your child got 109 fever but you still gonna run your ass to the club. We not doing that in 2025 baby you gonna watch them damn kids. You gonna sit right there with your child while's sick. You gonna sit down with your child, you gonna hold your child. You gonna pray over your child. You gonna be a motherfucking mother in 2025. Oh yeah you gonna be mother, you gonna stop borrowing money to go to these clubs too. Oh yeah. You gonna be mother in 2025.


2025 Yous gonna stop getting front this work too. You damn right. You niggas gonna start paying for your work. Ain't no more no more. I need cash on deck. I I'm gonna get you tomorrow. No you not you because you ain't getting shit later. 2 25 y'all gonna stop going down here and buying any cash cars. Talking about they brand new. We gonna stop there and bringing that rag lasts car back and every light on in that motherfucker. There ain't no new car and they ain't no goddamn armed fear either.


There ain't no fear. Why that lights on nigga In 2025 We gonna stop lying. We gonna start keeping the 100 with these hole. Either you in a relationship or you ain't. Do you hear me? We gonna stop lying 2025 when we show other people love. We gonna stop saying you riding dick. Why can't I show my brother or my sister some love that I'm that I'm a fan of They work. Oh man I like Kendrick. You riding Kendrick dick 2025. We not doing that 2025 we getting back to what brother these motherfucking good white folks will start respecting us.


That's the problem. They don't respect us because we gonna respect ourselves. We don't love ourselves. See a nigga, one thing a nigga hate to do is look in the yeah we gonna like to look in the we gonna like to look at ourself. Yeah we like to do that. He talking too much for me. I don't like all that because niggas don't like the truth. That's the whole thing. Niggas don't like the truth. Guess what? You gonna get it on this show and and that's on everything I love long Lord wake me up and put breath in me to come on this show. I'm gonna give y'all the real every time I don't give a damn if you like I'm gonna give you real, real talk.


If you're watching this show then you know it presented by pics right down below that barcode. All you gotta do is scan it fam and put my promo code in trash right there two hs. Don't forget here's the H on the trash. Yeah you bet. More or less on your favorite player man I don't know how to play that thing. Keep playing it. You put $5 in. I told you $10 in just keep playing it Eventually if you standing in line long enough you gonna eventually get to the window.


How do you niggas shit 2025. You talked about how you gonna get your job but you still in the motherfucking bed right now. How you gonna get a job still in the bed? Man, you gotta get out and get it. You waiting on gonna let your kids suffer All because your pride man ain't nowhere no job. I always hustle. God damn that hustling shit ain't working. It work for some people and it don't work for others. Which one gonna do for you? You gonna let your kids, you gonna let your family suffer or your mama sick but you out here selling dope and you go to jail and you can't come home and see your mama when she pass away. Now you a selfish motherfucker. You need to be home with your mama taking care of your mama. If ain't nobody else gonna be there for mama. You need to be there for your mama. Man I done watched it.


I done seen it so many years man. My brothers and sisters out here hustling getting it in. I understand that but sometimes you gotta know when to fall back. Especially if you got older parents because you never know when God gonna call us home man instead of instead of us burying our parents they burying us. Yeah Mind frame got the change man. Yeah I'll run this block but you gonna own shit. How you run something, you gonna own family. We taking our own self out. We also be trying to die old age but we not we die of gunshots. Die a car wreck. We drunk. Yeah we want to drive. We we the man now I could drive drunk, I could do donut. I not only kill somebody, I'm gonna kill myself in the process. Don't make sense.


We not doing that in 2025 y'all we been doing that shit 70, 80 years repeating itself. When we gonna start repeating history, when we gonna start making our own history making better history for us, hell that's what we need to be doing. But we not we gonna do it. If you watching this show now with me, you know I'm on the positive note. I ain't on that bullshit note. I'm on that getting better note. 2025 gonna be a major year for me and it could be a major year for you too if you apply yourself. All my fans are watching me right now. I need y'all to start pulling up to them. Comedy shows real talk pull up some of you have and I appreciate you. I really do. 'cause y'all been pulling up and say hey man I appreciate you Doug. You helped me get through my day, me and my wife and such a watch your show every day.


Preach. Thank y'all for ones who come. Some of y'all y'all work a lot. I don't understand but if I'm in your city you ain't got nothing to do. You bring your ass to this show and come get this work. You come get this motherfucking work because I'm giving it to you. I leave everything on the stage. I leave everything on the motherfucking stage. I don't, I don't shortcut nothing. Y'all paying 25, 30, 40, $50. Come see me. You gonna give a motherfucking show if you think you getting one right here. This ain't nothing. Come see me live for about 45 to 50 minutes. I'm giving you everything your ass want Joe got joke, got joke and it don't stop and it don't stop just like you shouldn't stop. What you doing?


You keep your head held high. Fuck what these people got to say about you. If they don't like you, fuck them Aint Berg Mac fuck them. That's how I feel man. That's the way you gotta feel these days baby. You got to feel like you him if you are a female on her you got to feel like you her. You got to feel like you beautiful baby. Even though you gonna gain some weight, who gives a damn still beautiful. It's so one thing to be beautiful on the outside but can your ass be beautiful in the inside? That's what matters. Are you beautiful in the inside baby? That's all that matters in life. Some of us on here, we ain't really ain't done shit our whole life. We've been called fuck up so we in there all this and that.


But you still here. If you right now watching this show, you still here for a reason baby. That mean God love you. That means you still here for a, you got a chance to get it right. You might have not done what you supposed to do last year but guess what? It's a new year. You can get it right this year. You might had $50 last year but this year you might wanna have a, it's all about the progress nigga and nice. I'm telling y'all this nigga and nice, I come on this show and I don't get the likes. I don't get the be and comments. I be sick. How come I'm doing wrong? I feel like I'm one them one. I feel like I'm him. I feel like I'm creating some shit everybody will love and want to do. I ain't getting the results like I feel like I should get. I'm not gonna stop.


I'm not gonna quit. I'm gonna keep working if it were easy and it wouldn't be worth a damn to me. So that mean God always put me through the hard shit. Guess what? I'm gonna keep on ticking and keep on ticking and one of these days just maybe one of these days this show gonna be where I want to be but until the end my black ass gonna keep working. Same way. You gotta keep on working if you right now you're laying down in the bed with your girl, you chilling, put some work in kiss on her ass nigga go down there and kiss on her neighbor. If her neighbor don't smell like spoiled milk, you got yourself, you got yourself. You go down in that neighbor stink then you know something else stink.


It's all I'm goddamn work. Put in some work. I'm just saying man I'm not playing no game. 2025. I told y'all my tour story, the Wigga ones tour me, Mike Epps, country, Wayne Corey, Holcomb, high, high Davis, mojo Brooks, Lil Val, Tony Roberts, Carlos Miller. Start February 1st man we in Minnesota. I'm not playing no games man. I'm, look, I'm I'm being real. All my fans watching, you know my first time on a big tour so you know they got me going up first like night first. I might go by second or third but I'm, we gotta get there early to see me and I don't have a problem with that.


Not one motherfucking field. So if you come to see me gone get there early 'cause you don't wanna miss this motherfucking work but I guarantee you but after that third and fourth show, I won't be going early like that no motherfucking more. They gonna start pushing me on to the back where I belong. That's one thing about me. I never let my pride get in the way. I just wanna get my feet in a little bit. Just lemme get my feet in. I'm gonna work my way to the motherfucking top and I'm on the show with some motherfucking heavy weighters. Oh yeah I'm they been in the gang 2035. I'm on the show with some heavy weight but God damnit, I'm and you'll see they'll see I'll guarantee you that y'all be letting y'all know now y'all come to see me. Hey man I ain't get to see you.


I'm letting you know ahead of time. Get there early, get there early to see you boy. But you don't wanna miss this shit right here. We putting pressure on everybody motherfucking necks. Construct pressure. Hey man y'all might wanna move little back to the little. Yeah I think that might be the right thing to do. He rocking rock some y'all sometimes y'all be busy. Y'all can't watch the show but you can listen to it. Go to Apple podcasts, go to Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show.


Don't just type any. Download it man. Watch me. I ring to a couple of San Antonio I appreciate y'all. Y'all say y'all watch my show every day. Y'all listen to it man. Y appreciate it Robert Dalton appreciate the nine $10 bro. Thank you. From the bottom of your heart. That's that's what we doing man. I'm gonna educate y'all and I told y'all the more I learn, the more I'm gonna spread. Some people get information. Don't tell y'all shit man. That ain't that ain't that, that that. That's not gonna be me. That's not getting me. If I got some game to give you, damn I'm gonna share it with you man. And for the most part y'all be DMing me asking me how do I feel about these people. I heard lemme tell you something man these people ain't what for. Damn they fake.


They're smiling in your motherfucking face but they mean you no good. I guarantee you that. Every green ain't a friend. And that's something I learned in this game 'cause I'm out to myself. I don't bother nobody. I don't hang with no big crowd of people. That ain't me. They got who I'm I'm go out and club and I only if I gotta go and do some promotion shit, that's when you see me out. If I'm getting paid for a walkthrough, most of the time I'm in my hotel room chilling, strategizing with my team CR on them and trying to get this show better or trying to put these shows together. That's what I'm doing. Real talk. Some of you now on here watching the show. You got a little money Say go, go invest in something. I don't know what it is that you like to do or what you like to go invest in something, put your money in something man.


Let your money make money for you real talk because we be having money man. But we'll fuck it off. You know I ain't lying. We'll fuck it off. Go and let your money make some money for you. Go and get somebody that's smarter than you and let them help you. Not gonna give 'em all your goddamn money now. There be some scheme out here but go and get your little truck company or something like that. Buy your cup, buy you some land, put you three or four little tiny houses on that motherfucker. Put you buy four, five Mexican or whoever and that motherfucker go work putting you on game. Don't say I ain't putting you out on game. You know I'm saying this Thursday morning man putting you up on game. Putting you where you need to be. Putting your mind where you need to be. Sometimes you need to start walking and exercising too.


I've been doing that a lot. I've been trying to get rid of this old pop belly I got. I done gained over the years eating real good, not exercising, you know what I'm saying? Eating and laying down. That shit ain't good for you. We gonna eat walk the real talk. Hate taking my motherfucking shirt off nigga fat. Gimme two months. I won't be right back. Right. I'm gonna be right back. Right Every appreciate it, appreciate it. Fail. We all got to do better. Include my black ugly ass myself. I can't point the finger at nobody without him pointing back at me. There's gonna be some change in 2025. Go for me. Go for all us. And what's gonna go on in January of in that big office.


Lot of y'all mad Trump in office. Guess what? Who gives a damn? You still gotta go to work. Even if, if old girl would've got Kamala or got an office, we still would've had to go to work. Man this shit bigger than me and you. This shit bigger than me and you. Once y'all realize that it's gonna be a better world man. I don't worry about what other people eat. Why? Because it don't make me shit trash other day going to the or. Ducks trash. Putting that bullshit on tv. Last night I was getting phone calls and texts. Make sure you tune in and watch the game it's going down and it did. They went down. What my fans at too come fans.


I pat but I gotta give credit to the team though. I gotta give credit to the team. Y'all kicked ass now. I ain't ain't gonna discredit nobody. I ain't one thing I ain't gonna do. I'm gonna give credit with credit. Y'all took care of boys state. Y'all took care of that. You know they face the best running back in the league. Oh yeah. Not running over. We gonna get this dog and they went and got it. They went and got it. So I end this show today. I'm gonna end it with this once again. Every time you motherfucker wanna bring rain down one of us, even though we probably brought down our ourself, but y'all good at it though.


Y'all keep putting it on tv. All over social media. Y'all keep coming out with these false ass allegations. I'm gonna come right back on this motherfucking show and bring up y'all. Jerry Sandusky, Joe Paterno and next week you keep bullshit. I bring up the office. Y'all wanna go remember Bill Coby. Goddamn y'all wanted to go back up there and then 1969 y'all went to a building that Bill Cosby allegedly did something too. 69 my time of day.


Peace and bliss and Happy New Year out. The Volume.