
For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos. It's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean, the guy Hood winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, UA Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin. Hand More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


The volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to The. Bubba. Dub Show. Everybody doing today on this Sunday. Hopefully everybody doing great. Welcome back. Where you being? Welcome back. Hit the like button right quick. Yeah, I And hit the like button. Go hit the subscribe button right now. Go on ahead and hit it because you know I'm finna take it there. Yeah, the cowboy just beat the dude Browns 33 or 17. I need y'all to come here right now. I need y'all to come here right now.


Y'all told me Cleveland was gonna beat the cowboy. That's what y'all told me. Told me we didn't have a quarterback. Don't seem that way to me. Don't seem that way to me. Yeah, we gonna talk about it today, but right now let's talk about this game wasn't even close. Wasn't even close. 33 to 17 Prescott. The man gonna go hour. The man gonna hour get signed. A four year, $240 million contract. Highest paid NFL player in history on the road in Cleveland.


Big game. If you ask me, I know it's regular season, but if you gonna win in the regular season, how can you get to the postseason? I need somebody to say amen today. Can I get a man today on that 19 for 32? Didn't really throw the ball that well. Didn't really have to. But what's dominant but what's dominant from start to the end offensive line right back. We got some problems. I know at Miles, Gary, I, I know my Gary the best defensive player in the world. I know that. But you can have a whole mother getting off season to train for him. You been knowing that. You been knowing Cleveland was on the roster.


You been knowing Miles Gary was over there that ain't have that much time in the pocket. That didn't have that much time in the pocket. But to my cowboy fans that tuning in right now, we warned everybody, we didn't really make no move. Jerry didn't really make no move. I was upset. Y'all was upset. We was upset together. Ey when you cry I cry. We cry together. We ain't crying right now. We feeling good. I know it's one game but damn it, I don't feel something is different this year. I don't maybe call Jerry breaking bread.


I thought he was in church. The way he breaking communion these day. I don't know. What kind of Sunday is this? First we paid lamb. Come here now we gonna win into Dakota. Come here. Jerry. Breaking bread didn't go out and make a splash. Well we got players. One thing they did was brought back defensive coordinator. Mike Zimmer brought him back. You seen Wake a defensive swarming like bees the day after. Oh it's Cleveland. I don't give a damn who it was because when I seen some players out there with some confidence, the rookie cornerback number 21 confidence going against some Lecy going against Ma Cooper Top Tee in the league if you ask me.


No it ain't You see who throwing him the ball that ain't massage. Paul Watson. That's Mark and Freeman throwing him the ball over there in Cleveland right now. That's Deshaun. You see Wake up was on that boy. They threw the camera on him but he was sweating like Morgan Freeman lean on me. That ain't, that ain't massage Parla Watson. Now if I'm Dehaun Watson, me personally, I'm gonna start complaining and saying my back hurting again. I got, I got to get worked on 'cause he trying to be a good man. Trying to be a a, you know, trying to, you know, trying to hide it that you know he don't still have them tendencies. Yeah you do. Let them people know you   Mass come and tell them your body. I know your body hurting right now. Fa him.


You can stop lying about the injury trying to suck it up. Nah fam you back in the league now. They done paid you go go back to the beside parlor was because I don't know what that kinda shit was displayed to today. I don't know what that was. Being in touch the burger rolling over in this damn grave right now. Now let's talk about that. He ain't want no player game and they paid him what wouldn't he, who else out there right now besides the top five or six quarterbacks and leave better than that. I remember you talking, y'all were telling me that Kurt Frozens was better than that. Do you still think that because I think, I think having second thought about giving him that damn money.


And we get to the Thes in a minute. Ain't the falcon they boy looking asses well at. Wow you Cleveland fan in the land dog pound full of dog sugars. What your ears not the city just talking about the team Love the people in Cleveland Bone Ths and Horn love them all. I'm telling you. Shy poll Watson, that's not him. That's Deun Watson. Y'all need massage Parlor Watson. Y'all don't deserve it back enough. LeBron came and left, came and back enough, you know what I'm saying?


That happened got miles, Gary got coop over there. Got some nah little young pieces you got. So now only way I could see Cleveland getting back on track is letting that boy get get get the massages again. Otherwise you gonna keep fucking losing y'all. Come on. I'm waiting on y'all. Y'all come here. Y'all come talk to me. I need y'all to come talk to me today. Let me know what's going on. Let me know what's going on. What y'all see that I didn't see with these cowboy? Come on, come talk to me. Come here. Come here. I dunno why you you gonna lose pt? Watch the Cleveland Browns ever worn damn thing.


I hate to go this hard on on the brown, you know power but I hate but I have to do this because there's been so much talk about my cowboy they ain't this and they ain't that. Sometime having less is more. I can say a word this evening y'all having less is more like me. I ain't got no meat. I got less meat but taking them Bluetooth, I'm give them them more. You don't understand what I'm saying to you. Bluetooth shit I'm taking them like they scuttles. I'm letting you know right now if you, you Bluetooth.


I am trying to tell you right now no blue shoes. It I ain't bullshitting you. Them blue shoes is it for me? Can what? What my come on. Matter of fact, what up Chicago Borough fans at? Y'all been talking shit all summer. Come here. Come here TRASHH. That's what he's look like. Y'all got a lemon. I know y'all won back for them.


Y'all gave everything. Y'all gave dirt all them DNE and his son for Williams. I'm saying I hear this excuse for Kayla Williams. Come here now. DJ Moore over there. Come here, come here 14 for 29 93 motherfucking yard that's running backyards. Do you hear me?


A quarterback got motherfucking running backyard and they passing yard. Y'all not winging shit in Chicago. Y'all go look at Kayla Williams the painless nails on you. That ain't going nowhere boy. I tell you Louis Farrah come. Ooh Elijah Muhammad Ooh Malcolm. Martin Luther King rolling over in his grave right now with his mistress. Disappointed in Chicago. Where my Saints fans at? Y'all ran through Carolina. They ain't the Panthers no more. They the damn grasshoppers fall that seven to 10. Do you hear me Gary Car looking like Joetown.


Vin Kama running that motherfucker like do Callister used to run it for them 'em Saints. Who that who? Ag Nation Nation. Where you at? Who? Ag Nation. Where you at? If you tuning in now you sitting hit the live button by like button by now. I need my Saints fan to come here because I need to apologize to y'all. You know I'm, I'm, I'm big I'm big deal over here. We got y'alls, you know I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm for life. We gots don't be your motherfucking game.


I think we can give them the Lawrence Michael pause come, come come bra young ain't it Man Bra Young can't throw that motherfucking ball Seven yards. I watched him and I seen enough wanna give him the bigger figure of die because he black but I can't do it. Get his ass outta But you could play on special team quarter. Big quarterback ain't for Bryce Young. I put his ass on special team like, like Big Belly no dressing ass. Bill Belichick used to do his players make him play both ways.


That's that's how I do. Bryce Young quarterback ain't good for him. I would say bring back Cam knew but shit, cam done got fat shit. Cam knew ain't know he cam no damn mo. Y'all see the way that boy dressed, dressed like Abraham Lincoln Neville. Yep. There's problems in Carolina. Carolina grasshoppers. I don't know what to tell y'all man. Y'all need to let J Cole and Daba run the team if you ask me because, because this is a shit show up there in Carolina and Carolina. Carolina don't deserve that. It's some great people in North Carolina. Lot of my people in North Carolina. I be up there on the 22nd in Riley. Yeah go on and grab a ticket right now.


Yeah I be in Riley too. Know my big cowboy fans up there too. Y'all ain't Carolina fans don't even be rooting for Panthers no more. They so embarrassed. They be rooting for the cowboy. Come on, we got plenty of room for you. We got plenty of room for you over him. But the Saints like I say Derek car Kamara Dennis Allen, y'all head coach, y'all got a coach. Y'all got a, y'all got a legal, y'all got somebody that firmly believe in his system. See very seldom do you see a head coach really just believe in they system like, like he you could tell like fourth and five he gonna give a keep going forward. I know what y'all doing down there in New Orleans. Y'all gonna put that good voo on him.


Put that good gumbo down there on shit. That shit Saints, y'all might be playing in your own damn Super Bowl. I'm just saying. I'm just throwing it out there. I'm showing love today. I'm showing love on this show. We going, we going do hell on this show. We show love on this show. I'm giving it to the Saints. I can name the Carolina Panthers, the Carolina Grasshoppers. That's their mother fucking name to me. I ain't gonna roll back on that Texas. Where you at? Come here. Coats. Coats. The coats on shit stand for single point trailers now I'm finna break down these stats of y'all with these texts. That's what we do on this show. If you just not tuning into the bubble double show we have stats shit we talk about the real shit And, we gonna break the game down 29, 27 on the city of H one.


Yeah H town one sir Sipping motherfucker one. Yeah CJ stabbed 24 for 32, 234 passing yard two touchdowns. Anthony Richardson, nine for 19 212 passing yard, two tds, one pick six carriers 56 yards. Great game. Great game. But let me tell y'all something. The Houston Texas had the ball 40 minutes. It's 60 in the ball game. I don't think y'all here with dub just told you. I told you that the Houston Texas had the ball 40 minutes and it's 60 minutes in a ball game and you're won by two points. That's a problem. I'm satisfied with the win but I ain't happy if I'm a fan.


I'm satisfied with the W but I ain't happy. Listen her the Texas ran 74, 76 plays. The Carolina Grasshoppers ran. I mean not the Carolina the coach single point coach ran 43 plays that tell me if the coach and Anthony Richardson and slow it down a little bit, slow it down a little bit, start sustaining some drives. They gonna be tough to beat. They only ran 43 plays and score 27 points. The the Sip and Serve Texans ran 76 plays and won 29 to 27.


That mean the Texan dominated. They always had the ball. I always had the ball. That means the offense always on the field. That means coach the single point coach, your defense is on the field. That ain't a good sign. That means like I just said, y'all got to hold the ball longer. Y'all got to sustain some drives. Y'all got to run the clock down a little bit because it didn't seem like scoring is not a problem for the single point coach. The problem is not scoring for my homie Anthony Richardson by the way young black brother doing his thing. I think it was like 14 or 15 black quarterback started this year like a record. I'm loving it, I'm loving it.


I'm really am. I'm really am loving that Texas 1 29 to 27. Let's talk about them, them them, them, them, them. Sirens. Sws lost to the Steelers and Justin Fields. Do you hear me? Kurt Cousins ain't worth damn hundred million dollar man. Y'all, y'all ATLs. Y'all done paid him. Y'all done paid that man a hundred mother million dollars and he gives you nothing. Y'all got Andre 3000 on the dress ruck again. Do you hear me y'all? Y'all got Andre 3000 on the dress Ruck again.


Y'all better puts in and put it in now if you want win. Kirk cousin ain't it? Don't him write it off on the blank. You wanna write checks? Wipe that shit off Russell Wilson, my Cal muscles. You get your drama queen looking ass up outta him. Prince Leroy from the last Dragon looking ass. You get your ass up outta her. Russell Wilson.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Listen to Trendz Zone on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santo's personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss ASAP Rocky, I don't Big Sean Camilla cabal, doji cat Dua Lipa. When Stephan Halsey poser sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi the Black Crow. The weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


It's 4:00 AM Monday and you're literally sucking baby snot through a tube because she's congested man that's love And. if you love her that much, love her enough to make sure she's buckled in the right car seat. To make sure your child's in the right seat for their age and size. Visit nhtsa.gov/the right seat. Show 'em you love him, keep 'em safe. Visit nhtsa.gov/the right seat brought to you by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the ad council.


Yeah you should have been done got out on the way and let Justin Fields do what he need to do. You can go do Dancing With the Stars with Cece Type shit. Yeah future voice type shit. Justin Fields the quarterback now day one even Russell, I'm not going back to you. Shit. Your As over there in court for a, I got this. That's why he went and got Justin Field. That what Mike tumbling was saying. Hold up. I expected some shit like this. That's why he went and got Justin Fields go, I forbid touch it.


Touchy Big Ben can't come back. No dude mean no Big Ben but be by, you know you at, where you at. You know I'm I'm I'm gonna stop shooting jabs at you. But that's Justin Fields's team now that's Justin field team now. But can he lead them though? And I think he can with the, with the leadership of Mike Tomlin. That brother got swag man bro. I love Mike Tomlin. Boy got swag, grit players love him. He's a man's man. He ain't like me. I ain't a man man I can't, I can't throw these motherfuckers right here.


Have you ever got hit so hard? Calm come up outta you? Do you hit me? My girl brother hit me so hard. Calm come up outta me, pop my body. I went and told the shock I got up everybody time I get back enough never. I'm not getting back enough. Get back. Well shit, I filed a lawsuit on them niggas. You gonna tell me what just happened to me? No I'm not gonna be able to do it. You gotta learn how to pick your battles. I know how to pick mind. That's one thing about me. I know who I can be and who I can't. Like I tell you and I'm I'm real about me.


I, I, I, I admit my flaws. I'm oing 35 in fights. I ain't never won. I never won a fight. But I win the war because whoever put hands on me so if goes to jail so if goes to jail with me, put your mother fucking hands on me. Hey I'm feeling like Tyrek hug. They they won 20 to 17 against the Jag Walls. 2, 3 8 yards. Tyre catches 80 and jail. You know some shit catches 130 yards got detained by the police today.


DWB in the words of Martin Lawrence Bubba. What's D WB driving while Black. Y'all read the reports They already done sent the man home, the cop home. He suspended when police forces police officer. That mean the police officer done done something wrong. Right or wrong. Jaar got my fire on me. Y'all ever gonna get y'all shit together y'all we were just arguing about two weeks ago about your jaar ain't never won a motherfucking thing but you wanna open your mouth.


Oh the cowboy ain't won 30 years but we done mourn there. Some of my OGs watching this show right now. Used to be up in the game. Used to have a wax on top of wax. Some of y'all got 'em in y'all hood right now. Boy. Back in my day, boy, back in my day boy I had money up to ceiling. Can you tell and and this facts, my old school got pictures so I'm saying the cowboy back in that day we got five six rings Jacksonville you have can I don't give a damn TRASHH Jacksonville called me think and ask me what I think they should do with that franchise.


Burn it. Burn it. It's fool's gold. It's fool gold and y'all know it. Now we gonna move on to Colorado Buffalo. My team coach Bryan like a uncle to me, like a father to me. I was, I was there, I was at the game in Nebraska last night. I was there on the sideline cheering my boys on. Gonna keep cheering them on. But last night performance I just Nebraska come here, come here be and you gonna deserve that because I'm sitting there watching you coach them young men to become men.


I'm watching you. I know what you're up against. I heard so much racial slurs last night at that game. Y'all it don't even make no mother sense. How much, how many times I heard the n word bang up against a lot and sometimes we, we open and tend to open our mouth about certain things and and us black people we gonna hold it to you. I understand y'all holding words but y'all know that offensive line is a Chinese field but it gonna get better. It's gonna get better. You thought I wasn't gonna try.


Oh. Oh you thought wrong brother Man ho Hogan boy you thought wrong brother. I got to call it like it is. I can't sugarcoat nothing. Y'all won't let me either dub. You better try. You better do it. And it's the truth. They played like TRASHH last night. All of them collectively coaches, players. Even me. I feel like I should have fired him up more. I don't know what that was last night. I don't know. Y'all tell me what y'all see seen last night. That shit was horrible. That shit was All State called the door. Halftime told him they were about to drop him. He's lie was in danger.


It feel like he tried to cash in on the insurance. I'm telling you the truth. I'm telling you the truth. They got to protect, they got to protect Shada. That's a Rolls Royce Protective but it just game two of a season. They gonna bounce back this week and be Colorado State. I have no, I have no fear in the world that Coach Prime not gonna be able to have them. Young men regularly play each and every motherfucking week. Only second year there give him time.


And I know it man. Why y'all only supporting Prime? I'm fucking go support Egg George too. I'm go down support him too. Me and him talked last week since y'all so motherfucking know. I'm go around George, y'all know 27 for all the Titans. I'm gonna see you here. Tennessee State. I'm looking pull up on Js, YouTube all HBCUs. That gonna allow me to come and do do my thing. What I wanna do. I'm there. I'm for everybody. Put the world out. Some of y'all got the alumni connection man. Alabama State on record. Hey Bubba do wanna come up and cover the team.


Let them know I'll pull off. I my own motherfucking pocket. I've been doing it. Y'all see me at these places, I'm coming out my own pocket man y'all think I'm just having fun now I'm coming out my pocket for this to cover these gang learn information. I'm really trying to be a a sports analyst journalism. Oh man I ain't doing this just to do this. We gotta get it together man. We gotta get it together man. What y'all talking about man, y'all talked to me for Man Mo Alabama. Where you at man?


I see y'all warm. Y'all somebody was complaining earlier about Alabama but y'all warm man Alabama. Y'all warm. What y'all complaining about? Y'all ain't got no problems. My team more than one right now. Quarterback hurting, knocking the shit out the door. And I'm gonna tell y'all some real shit. Every team that Coach Prime play, they gonna want to do 'em the same way. I don't know what it is they got against Coach Prime Man. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's the coverage that these teams be getting other teams be getting. But everybody seem like they out Alpha Coach Prime now man, everybody, officials, other coaches players come on man.


We got to be together. We got to be together man. Roll tie for sure. I admit Ro lost. How do I lost like what do y'all want me to say? Like what do y'all want me to do? Ain't nothing I can do about it. Angel Reach done got hurt. Ooh Dick tall long slim fine mother done got hurt y'all after the season and I know some of y'all starting to say she ain't hurt. She just trying to fake it 'cause she know Caitlyn Clark gonna win Rookie of the year. We know Kaitlyn Clark gonna win Rookie of the year but we not going to downgrade what this sister did in her rookie year either.


We ain't gonna do that. Do I think Kailyn Clark a better player? I do. Hell I I ain't never seen she wife but the hate y'all spooning that Angel Reese. That shit got to stop and I wanted to stop writing motherfucker now same way I wanted to hate to stop talking Kailyn Clark y'all was in y'all feeling man they went man she ain't done we know that. I ain't gonna deny nobody greatness and what they doing and what they bringing to the game. I never deny deny Say what? Somebody ain't done for me. Kailyn Clark has done a lot for WNBA in that short time.


Man yes the lights was on but now they a whole lot brighter behind her And we know why And we know why and that's cool but you got to give her props for that. Gotta give her props for that. Like I gotta do my baby mama. Her props. I know I ain't shit I know it when I got with her what she make me hold again? Didn't nobody want this one inch killer. Nobody wanted this one inch killer. They used to laugh at him. I used to leave out them holes room safe, ready to cry, ready to steal from one of main line. But I found somebody who made me make this one inch feel like 20 inches.


She even more when I give it to her. Do you hear me? You know what that do in my mind when I stick that one inch in she oh I can feel it in my chair And I know she lying. Do you know what that do for dog? I'm buying cars and everything now your mama ain't gotta go to a nursing home. She she can move in with us. For real? Yes, on the one condition. And what is that? As long as you continue to suck on this one inch bounce. Do you hear me? She gets that like that and I'm done. I'm outta there. I'm outta ever find that one.


See I got to give her her credit. My baby mama head is so cold it could be a a wildfire and you and it's bla it's fire everywhere. Blazer. I'm going in that motherfucker like so at the hedgehog and get, I might come out, I might come out wishy night burnt. I might come out burnt brisket. I don't give a damn. I might not even survive but she will and she, she gonna have damn burn on. I bet you that. I'm telling y'all the truth today.


Somebody lying to y'all. Y'all want the truth Damnit. I'm give it to you. I'm gonna give it to you. Broncos bos bo pick Bo TRASHH. Guess what you get Payton, you Russell like that. That's what you get. We got bow bow pigs. Bo ain't shit Young Elway rolling over in the grave up there and then in them on the suites looking at that scrap meat.


Scrap meat come what we broke in at. Come here. I already done spoke on the Carolina grasshoppers. I already done spoke on the grasshoppers. That's what they is. Y'all might as well let Ray car run the team Brady. Brady nigga get his ass out behind that broadcaster too. Up that line. Knowing damn well it was three pass interference calls on them cornerback the ref didn't call it and he didn't say shit. I don't like the way Tom bragging cover the game. I don't like the way he talk. I don't like the way he dressed. I don't even like the cream he put in this damn coffee.


Even though he could go I'm gonna give him that goat for now. I You think they Zebra came, Mahomes ain't coming for it either. You let you let you let that zebra cake on get three in a row. We'll mo we'll move ass to the side now y'all were you know white people and white people. Lemme tell you something about my white people now. They always were hollering a office. Oh they still screaming now every shut up your damn mouth. Taylor Swift now y'all see that? Ooh where y'all see Taylor Them they flock to her man she got the NFA covering her now.


Oh I need is one night. What you Taylor? I'm give it to you Where you want one inches all night? Me and you Taylor Swift. Do you need to see it? Do you want inches? Do you need to see it? Hard veins and very well you'll think my meat on heroin. All them veins you see in that one is killer. You pot too. Shit potent. That damn brown top pan snake ain't got nothing on this feeling. I promise you. You, you ain't never seen no one of these go around through there. Good bait. I done caught plenty of red snapper.


What my people that go fishing y'all come holler at me man if you go fishing come holler at me man. Come on man. Y'all come holler at me man. Yeah Tom Brady ain't covering the game. I don't like the way he covered the game. Get him out there nigga Put Romo back in there. Ramo got some soul to him. You know what I'm saying? Tom Brady gonna say everything. The quarterbacks doing this and that and I seen a couple play with that under it. Threw it in the damn dirt. He gave you 80 million yards today. Motherfucker you better throw ball in the dirt. Not your own. You better pick them up like that. Monkey and Rudy Ray Moore get my sand and fight You like a natural man.


Yeah d me and you back good now next week and and throw the ball in the turf you want not gonna play with you. Ooh I been calling everybody. Ooh I been texting everybody Mama Cowboys. Y'all thought y'all gonna call text me make fun of me. You lied. I knew we were gonna win. I went to church today. I ain't lying boy. I ain't been to church in seven songs. I said Lord I wanna make a chain and everybody wanna know why you wanna make a chain because I want the Cowboys to win again so I'm going to church.


I was at church, they clean, I clapped out put 200 in the plate too. So did they ain't gonna get no more rest of the year either. They bragging on me. They brother dove put in 200. Oh God bless him. That boy yes he is. Yes he's see now them niggas thinking wonder way he gonna get him next Sunday. I ain't coming. I'm watch it at the crib get my fellowship on with the Lord at the crib 'cause they scam man scamming up there. Them churches lying telling people that they taking our money and going buying the chicken and frying it. Nigga I know ain't chicken. I mean I know, I know Church chicken, I know churches, peppers, biscuits, mashed potatoes aint the gravy nigga y'all done went down spend 800 on churches, y'all ain't cooked nothing.


The deacon got all that black paint in his head. I'm gonna get to knock the paint out my deacon head. That boy got black paint everywhere he had, he got it worse and I used to have it. I'm mean his shit just be painted. I'm gonna get bow watch, keep playing with me. Keep playing with me fam do God damn well how that old girl first and then you what? Anyway w we we we we'll talk about that later. We'll definitely talk about that later and talk about no dame, no Dame paid northern Illinois $1.4 million to to play them and lost. They lost to some big black dude that like Winslow rolling over in his motherfucking grave right now.


How you team y'all money people so you think you gonna beat up on and still lose. Y'all talk to talk today. Y'all let me know how y'all feel about Nore Dame to northern Illinois. I need y'all to talk to me man that what happened. They paid northern Illinois $1.4 million to play them and lost. They disturbing Rudy on Rudy spirit up that Notre Dame a travesty. Them white people up there. They white alumni going to walk off up there right now.


You don't think them white boys up sick up there Dame shit white storm town. Shit. Well we spent 1.4 million And we lost you giving it to me with no grease. That's how the white boys talk. No white boys there that do you without the grease too. Shit I was in Nebraska, I go I know them girl white boy put ass whooping on me. That's why every time they told me shut my mouth I didn't say a motherfucking word. Just me and my homeboy ain think it came out it just been him by himself 'cause I was going to help them white boys, them beef country bread, chicken fried steak with no season on that motherfucking white boy with about 6 5 6 8 2 7.


I couldn't do nothing beat it. I couldn't do nothing with him. He shot just like old Obama. Remember Ty? Hey you going in there with Coach Coone? That's what he said. I turned around and said absolutely it's 1,000,001 of me. What you think though Michael would to me shit said I'm smart. I comply. Yeah What talk shit. Hell no coach no needs to be fired. That's what happened. The coach know Dame need to be fired.


Them white boys don't do it. That's why all the money coming from them alumni. That's who really run them Univers. Alumni boys ain't lost the gang shit Got them rifles. I ain't getting them damn gun cases damn rifles on back of them trucks and they ride, they stir up some shit. Can't nobody stir up more shit no white people niggas we lie. We lying messy but don White people stir up some shit but when they stir up up it ain't a good sight. Niggas will stir up some shit and shoot innocent people. Y'all know ain't lying. That's what we do. We get mad and come back and shoot with a eye closed open your motherfucking eye junior.


That ain't even your daddy ain't even your gun. That's your daddy gun Junior y'all gangsters but shooting but got you ain't got, you ain't got your own guns. People always telling me well duh, you know you unc shit, you know what I'm saying? You got, you gotta talk to your kids. I'm like you know what man you right. That's the least I can do to her. I am running to one of them youngsters at the store. Hey, hey youngster can you, you know can you watch your language man? It you know, you know what I'm saying man I know. No be Dick. No you don't gotta talk like that man. Don't tell me shut my motherfucking mouth. Pull his shirt up like that and show me that thing you sold motherfucking right fa you got it.


You right. I I ain't have no, I ain't have no business getting in your business. That's what I told that young man. I ain't, you right. I ain't, I ain't, matter of fact, I ain't know why I'm at this motherfucking store. That's what I told him and got the hell on about it though.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Listen to Trendz Zone on the iHeart Radio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. It's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com Don't miss asap Rocky Big Sean Camila Cab Don Cat Dua Lipa G Guen, Stephan Halsey Poser Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Cold Plays Chris Martin Hand more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


Smokey the Bear Then you know why Smokey tells you when he sees you passing through. Remember please be careful. It's the least that you can Dot With matches. Don't play with fire. After 80 years of learning his wildfire prevention tips, smokey Bear lives within us all. Learn more@smokeybear.com. And remember only You can prevent wildfires Brought to you by the USDA Forest Service. Your state forester and the ad council.


I can't talk to the young motherfucker. I ain't finna try. No I tried, it didn't work then I got my head decapitated. Be trying, trying to be stay be woke. I'm gonna go sleep at the high house young nigga Finn put that tool on me and he ain't even work at Pep Boys never do you hear me? That young boy was finna put that tool on me. He don't even work at Pep Boys. Shit why? I mind my motherfucking business. I don't see nothing no more. Nothing. I know my neighbor be going fishing. He ain't got no fishing life. I don't say nothing because I don't like people who break the law unless it's me.


Anybody ever break the law. I got a problem with it. I I'm just, I'm just telling y'all the truth. It's the truth. What y'all talking about man? Jermaine, what's the deal man? He know what time it is y'all. It's time for that. Hell nah. Segment today man. Live on show. He knows what he and he's here to tell you. Hell Somebody asked me would I go back to Nebraska by myself and will I start a fight with them. Good old white boy boy you talking about the white people boy ain't boy I thought Mexicans took off.


I thought them white people. I know what he at in Nebraska. In Nebraska and I seen and some snow bunnies too. Oh my gut. The mother what? Think thicker than squirrel milk. I'm not bullshitting you thicker than squirrel milk. Don motherfuck white girl walking through that like big Clyde they are walking out do I see one by six five. Oh yeah a chicken salad eating motherfucker because if you ask me, I know a white girl eat chicken salad, not torn chicken. Niggas eat torn white people eat chicken salad. It's a difference. The same shit different because some people tell you fish don't hit like chicken.


Some people tell you chicken don't hit like fish. But if you just got one of the other motherfucker, you're doing good. If you got one or the other, you're doing good then you right now man.


Even if you just tuning in right now man, you gotta know this show being presented by prize picks y'all. Yeah go download prize picks right now. The number one sports betting fantasy app. This app right now for the first time users you can put $5 in, they gonna give you 50 instantly. Do you hear me? They gonna give you 50 instantly in promo phones and all you gotta do is put more less real talk. Like today they had Dak having over what, 246 yards or whatever. All you had to do was put more less. So if you could put less, you got that right three out three is your one or three out of four is a one out five out five is a one, four out, six is a one or four out. Five is a one. All I'm saying is if you wanna make some extra money Gold prize pick you can't do. You can have a player that's balling get balling first half but can't come back out the second half. Don't even worry about it. They won't even penalize you for it. Only a prize picks that you can do that.


Y'all talk to me 'cause it's getting quieter here. Cowboys don't want, motherfuckers don't wanna talk about the game no more. Now y'all want to talk about work. You ain't been talking about work. Come y'all talking. I be waiting now y'all quiet but my phone ain't ringing. Send me my money. Hey y know you watching this show. Send me my money DeMarco. What's good my guy Caesar. What's up my guy?


What them charges do today? Justin Sherbert wasn't doing nothing when I was watching. What's the, what was the final score on the charges? Somebody could talk to me. What was the final score on the charges today man? Oh y'all see Logan women lie to you. I'm telling niggas one his monster in their chest. It's in my chest. I know she lying but it's feeling good to me. I'm already know I'm fixing go about her alima. I else you wanna go Sachs. Who? I never been shit bro. Welcome to my world now you want from Gucci? Cl Gucci for Gucci.


I'm in the life. Greg 10 in charge is 22. What a shame. Davis rolling over this motherfucker. Who throwing the ball up there. Me going to miss you Antonio Pierce. You know I'm rooting with you. I'm rooting, I'm rooting for your fam but I don't, I don't know man. My Vegas fans come on now man. I Packer Nation. I mean y'all lost Eagles beat y'all. Hopefully Jordan Love is okay to sing a injury. Jalen shipping hurts man. I don't, I mean some, I don't know what's up with him man.


Y'all one but man he, he turned the ball over too much for me. I'm, I don't know what done got him to hurts man. He'll make some plays. Ooh. Oh he go man, hell what's up next play throwing the interception. Come on man. You gotta play better than that 'cause you know Philly will run you outta Philly. Shit I think them niggas the one to kill Jesus. Yeah I see. I think, I think the people in Philadelphia killed Jesus. Oh IP the rich homie Me qua man them hoes coming out the woodwork ain't boy. Y'all see them hoes coming out, the woodwork going boy. They all talking about they had a time corn.


Come on now. Man ain't have a family motherfucker once again. Y'all didn't have no respect for him, for his girl when he was alive. No. Y'all not gonna have respect for her, for him. Not her. Not when, when he he dead. I get it but some of y'all hos got to stop man. Y'all know y'all, some of y'all with some one Niles. Come on hang. Everybody coming now. Come out. They slept with Rich homie. Come on, come on man. Let the man rest in peace man. Let the man rest in his girlfriend probably going through enough. I got imagine. Come on man. TMZ TRASHH.


TMZ ain't worth for damn releasing that 9 1 1 call. Come on man. Erica Banks come on Texas, my Texas Erica Banks come on baby. Really that that you need to go ahead and get your CNAs man. That's what you need to do because that ain't it. That ain't hit Erica Banks. That ain't it man. And I love you. I don't get your CNAs or something man because that ain't what it do. You better than that Texas big jock. What's happening man? Longhorns where you at man?


That's what y'all problem is. Somebody get you to the promised Land one time and y'all forever love them Joe Burrow got y'all motherfuckers there too Joe Burrow look like shit. Now them people, people in Cincinnati ain't happy with Joe Burrow. Yeah because her got y'all to the Super Bowl. Don't mean he gonna ever get you back. I think Damn Ring gonna got to a Super Bowl never got back. I get people too much motherfucking credit same way I do with Dak. I rock with Dak but that motherfucker better show up showed up today and he ain't gonna get show on the stats you can see was his leadership.


He got that dad strength now I seen him break two or three tackles day and still throw that. I thought it was my home. Oh he just dak and you know I ain't saying Dak in Ma home because they the only one goat that's one Zebra. Him and Tom Brady, Tom back Tom Brady a plus. Mahomes a A minus shit I got white neighbors. I can't come out and just say Ma home straight up better than Brady yet. Even though I want to, I get this Threepeat I can go over there and praise all kind of sand with Charles right now. I got to say Braid. Hey my white boy watch this show. I love that show. D keep me 12 for life.


Yes sir. Let Ma Home Threepeat. He can't motherfucking arguing with me no more. Shit. I know which one game. I know Joe. I know it's one game but it feel different bro. Them a games that the cowboy would nominate Lose man. Zeke 10, Carrie 40. Your Zeke look good dropping over motherfuckers. What I know a Bluetooth takeover when I see one Ezekiel. Ezekiel Elliot Welcome to the ball club fam. When you jumped on War Boy I knew you was back on them Bluetooth fam. I knew it. That's what I like. That's what them Bluetooths will do for you. They'll make you make play like Ezekiel Elliot jump it like Aze into her.


Come here. She wondering what got into you but you can't tell her the truth yet. You got to tell her me going to church baby has really motivated and stimulated me. She gonna be surprised that you said that real baby like just church, church making me just, I don't know. It's like I'm strong again but you and I know it's the Bluetooth. If if you're having problems don't go and get it. You won't regret it. Go out to a NAS dinner. She normally come back. She normally don't get no meat. You she normally, she been getting gummy. Yeah you been giving her gummy meat but tonight you stop at the store said baby you won't suffer me. Go back to the high. She might say get me a little snack or something more.


You go in there, get you some water, get back up to the car and you raise you drunk up. He I went back to the crib. You know you get where that look though like I don't get nothing. She like boy star, you know you ain't gonna do nothing but that's mean you come in there 15 minutes later she noticed up. I thought you were playing. Mm mm not the night. That's when you go down through knock that motherfucker out the park like Barry Barnes. That's when you, when especially when you know you gonna took something and she don't know it.


That motherfucking one inch going down. She telling me long stroke, me knowing I ain't got long stroke motions nor me but she lie make me feel so good as a man and I'm hitting her. Do you hear me? I'm I feel like I'm putting, I'm putting me in on but I ain't doing nothing putting L that's why she feeling the L. 'cause I'm going so fast it's nothing but L and it's a Force Boy one Inch me got Force, I got horsepower 1500. I'm not bullshitting. I'm here nowhere with number. I'm here nowhere with motherfucking boys no me.


Come on y'all stop bullshitting now I ain Gang where you at once y'all play once y'all got the lines tonight, lion in the nine tonight Ain't see but I done play Go Juke. See he better not drop now Motherfucking bone. I know that A juke better not drop now Motherfucking Bone and gave you 130. I want one 30 receptions. Now they talking about they wanna reduce this workload. I be damn ain't nobody told you mis count. You gonna perform Naga and Jets tomorrow?


Who the lions playing tonight then that. Yep. Just gimme my money Lamb just gimme my money. Michael Parson you give me my money and it went quiet here you better pay Michael DeMar. Lauren Michael Parson. It's the Dallas Cowboys for me. Hey man if your ta if your team won today man. Hey man throw them one hundreds up. If your team won today, throw your one hundreds up. I know a couple of y'all ain't gonna be raise y'all hands up. Suck circle after one game Super Bowl. I don't give a damn. I'm claiming it now. Make me call Michael Irving.


I'm in the bed boo. I got something for you. What that Don Tony shit take out Shit I'm dirty like that. Dub don't do bottom Never. But you don't think I slide the Irv and put it in front of him Dangling you go fan. I don't even fuck around but you know to each his own you know you can do what you do. Die don't and get off on me. Go on and get off. I wanna see the Playmaker. I'm a good friend, I'm a good friend.


Whatever you like to do, I'm gonna make sure you have it. I'm gonna test your gangster. If you telling me you ain't doing drugs no more, we going, I'm gonna prove it. If I don't smoke no more a pound of on me a pound of Z on me. This ain't TRASHH. That what it live. You know that's some of the best in the world. If you ain't had it, you better get to LA Jokes is up. This ain't TRASHH better get I done told you jokes is up LA go and get it man. How y'all feeling this Sunday? Man, I'm feeling great man. I don't even know what to sec. Ma'am wanna know man.


Like a Colorado had me down. I ain't gonna lie y'all I was, I was down a little bit Cowboy came through saved today. I, I'm, I'm feeling like DMX. Hey yo. Hey yo. Feeling like X now I'm gonna get the I Jay-Z Lemme holler at you fam. Jay-Z I got high at you fam. Now you running this Super Bowl. How you gonna not have Lil Wayne hosting the Super Bowl? You going go out and get Kendrick Nomar Miracle Love Kendrick Lamar have a great year but we talking about New Orleans motherfucker you could a head master, P Birdman, little wing Dyke looking ass man face.


You gonna go out and get me killed you tomorrow. They not like us. You showing us that you count my face looking mother because you, I had love for you Jay-Z That's how you do me. You wouldn't have did that. The Super Bowl was in New York. You would've had a New York artist open them. Maybe you, maybe ours. Maybe they're not. You need to make this shit right hoe. Let Lil Wheezy represent a New Orleans yo man masterpiece. Let somebody have something to do with that man. You dealing with Dr. Dre out there in LA on dog do the game.


Right Ho you already running through no teeth as Dame. You got no teeth Dame out here starving. Look like a a doman pincher with no teeth, figures, mouth. That's Dame now they supposed to be Rock Fells seem like it's drop Fellas. If you ask me from my New York people Where you at? B? Where you at B Yo. What's up money? Nah, Jay-Z I'm gonna need you to do right and do right by them rats in New York. Y'all y'all supposed to have them rats with new Timberlands bubble coats and New York figure hats.


These rats these days up there got got, got got Durags and new balances. That ain't, that ain't New York style B. We tumbling boots up here B Cool J Sweaters B He New York Rats. Y'all got on the street dressing like surfers in LA that that ain't what it do. I blame you Jay-Z I blame you for that ass whooping salons put on you in the elevator. I blame you. Beyonce gonna know she coming to going no damn mo get back to the Ace baby. Get back down here to Texas with us. Your brothers let me, let me care for you. Let me care for you Beyonce. I do things ho could never do. Watch the dishes and last time hold, wash your dishes be never last time JZ washed the car.


Never when the last time JZ washed the shit out your pants. Never. I love you through that. All I been done that once before I do it again. I do it again. TRASHH Sugar Day. You know who It's going to number TRASHH. Y'all done disturb Rudy Spirit like that. Done disturb Rudy Spirit makes no mother incense to me.


I don't know how y'all feeling, but it's too much pressure on me to vote for Kamala Harris or to vote for Donald or Trump. I don't know who to vote for y'all. Y'all got me going this way. You got me going that way. I feel like I'm not going any damn well. I'm conflicted y'all. I don't know what to do anymore. But if y'all know like I know, I know. Y'all gotta take y'all ass to work tomorrow. Some of y'all gotta buy an hour left before y'all hit that bed to go to work tomorrow. Thank y'all for tuning into The. Bubba Dub Show. Baby hell. After every big game, your boy, you can catch me going live after every big game you can catch me going live.


Hopefully you can hit the like button. Hopefully you can hit the subscribe button You going give it like this. Every game from your boy Bubba. Do thank y'all for tuning in. I'm your boy. I'm out. Love The volume.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep cover out now all about George Santos. It's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean the guy hoodwinked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, Dua, Lipa, Gwen, Stefan, Halsey, Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


We are the Your Tween Made. You see, we are the four band. It's Painful Concert number three. We're the four band. We're five 19. We're the four band always singing on Key.


You love your kids enough to take them to see their favorite band. Love 'em enough to make sure they're buckled up in the backseat. Show 'em you love 'em, keep 'em safe. Visit nhtsa.gov/the right seat. Brought to you by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Ad Council.