
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Get in the Zone. AutoZone. Welcome to bundle deal days at AutoZone. Well, I do need a bundle of things. When you bundle, you save. Do I save? If I bundle oil with an oil filter, save up to $12 on that bundle. What about brake pads and rotors? Bundle? Those and the brake pads are free. Can't save more than free. You can save on hundreds of deals during bundle deal days ends June 2nd at AutoZone. Get in the zone. AutoZone Restrictions applied Durast brake pads. Only Some stands for. So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary.


That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC. When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five.


I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. With family cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business.


Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot someday I'll call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now at chu casino com. Welcome to the family Prohibited by 20 conditions. Apply The Volume. What it do everybody? I'm here Sunday. How you mother feeling? I'm feeling real good. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button and when you do make sure you keep the notification turned on.


I know it's probably some of y'all first time catching me lying. Well Mother, welcome, welcome to the dog Show. I know like y'all know we just got through watching the the, the Oklahoma Thunder, not the Prince Union out the, I told y'all OKC we're gonna win this series. Y'all ain't wanna listen to me now you listening. Oh they got Joker. They ain't got nobody for Joker Joker and Mary and Michael Porter Jr. Is saving points. Aint no NBA need to do an investigation. I couldn't be a player on the Denver Nugget right now I'm putting hands on Michael Porter Jr.


All of a sudden you gonna lost your powers nigga you can't shoot the ball no 16 for nothing. Normally Joker, he normally wait two weeks before he go back to Russia. I heard he flying back tonight. That's how, that's how pissed off. He's right now he flying to Russia tonight. They having Tiger Soup. But I told y'all OKC, I told y'all sha we're going to do what it do well today. 35 Jaylen will, lemme get 21 with you. Shit lemme get 14. Tell y'all them youngster.


This was the year that them young niggas were gonna get it done and they getting it done right now. And next series they going against who? Ain man. AKA the rubble less man. Oh this the goddamn match right. Him baby. This is the matchups Right. Him and I can't wait. Shout out to OKC baby. Advancing to the Western Conference finals against the M. So Timber Wood. Oh it's Finn Bill Motherfuck matchup. You know D Brothers finger go in, it's gonna be war. I know I got some Oklahoma City Thunder fans in the Cummins right now. Y'all feeling good?


God damnit you should. I got some Minnesota fans in here right now. They just became one. But God damnit, they a Minnesota fan right now and they feeling good. Well I feeling good too. Whole lot going on. We gonna get in today. I know y'all seen Antonio Brown fighting come goddamn Brown was getting, they were trying to get him get back then you bad. So y'all wanna run in here and hit me. Get back. Y'all won. Run.


See that's what they do. They that's what people do now. They wanna harm you. They want, they want jump on you beat on you. And when you pull that motherfucking firecracker, boom explosion now y'all won't run now bring y'all bad ass back down. You know all about it. I know all about getting the, the the brick fluid beat off your ass. I know all about that. Oh, oh I know all about the ass whoopings but but when you shaking it off like Mariah Carey, you gotta shake it off and when you shake it off and you come back with the boys in blue and ain't talking about the ones in LA either.


I'm talking about the one right around here in your county. Ain't god damn now I'm gonna y'all to jump on them laws like y'all jumped on me but y'all ain't gonna do that because You know them laws do what? Gonna get mad when you ain't have to. Damn I had to. You ain't finna be knocking me out in front of my baby mama, my grandma and everybody out that nigga they watching You know what I'm saying? You Think you gonna knock me out Nip I be damn you get some right around him. Everybody calling saying ab, it's Antonio Brown, Steph ab it stand for our weight busting come CTE.


I don't give a damn. He a man at the end of the day And if you asking me I ain't seen no gun. I heard shots but I ain't seen no gun fam. Fam ain't done nothing wrong. Goddamn damn. Get off that motherfucker. What? Yeah they were quick to run in there but did y'all see that one guy he didn't run in nothing? No goddamn no a beat Clifton Camil. What's wrong? So, so many y'all niggas need right now. You need your ass to be clipped 'cause you bad right now. You running around here doing things you gonna need to be doing. Ain't nobody putting on on your ass shit boy. Somebody bow hell, that's why I don't get involved in this shit because I, I'm really him.


You know I'm really, when I come it it, it sometime it's murder. Yeah. Not with me. What the laws though? See the problem is something sometimes some of you motherfucker don't want. Obey a law and obeying the law you unto others as you doing unto yourself. A lot of people wanna do your harm. They wanna spit on you, hit on you, keep on you want you to take this and take that No homo but they want you to do all these things and when you can't take it no more and when you reaching to your pants pocket or you going to your car or you going to your house and you pull that big beautiful motherfucker out and bow bow pow pow 4th of July all over again.


Now y'all crying and I don't wanna hear that black black shit. No God what were motherfuckers when knocked out down there at the post office? I'm trying to collect mail done got knocked, no word beat pound. I thought it was funny. Oh the whole city laughed at me when I got beat up. I thought no niggas jumped on me. You know what I'm saying and beat me up and everybody would laugh. Ah guess what you get. You be all ain t shit I heard I went back to the house and licked my mother fucking wounds like an injured wolf.


Everybody called and asked me, I'm okay, I ain't the motherfucker. Y'all need to be world power when I get through. Write this goddamn statement. Ain't nobody safe including the P. Yeah one thing about black people they love what free barbecue I put together motherfucking free barbecue. They didn't know who it was. I just sponsored. Guess what I had all them niggas come out. All I Yeah so when I come through yeah I want you to smile for this motherfucker too. Come here. I want you to smile for this y'all for y come here.


I teach you it's more than one way to skin a cat. Them niggas were hungry and I knew it. I'm good at throwing bait out though. I'm good at throwing bait to them. Hold my bake ain't big enough but God damnit I'm good at throwing bait. I real my motherfucking back in on. Oh he ain't big enough bitch. See how it is when this summer come up and them kids at home. Y'all ain't got no money for groceries no motherfucking mo and you ain't got money to go and get your hair done no more. Got them kids eating up all your goddamn little spending extra money Bill then you want the caught me no bitch store. I told you the best women of the homeless women.


I might down, I'm down here in H town right now. I'm going, I'm going past and under every under path. I see it's a good goddamn woman out there for me and I'm here to change your motherfucking life. Beth Ann, Sue Ann Ruth, Ann Love, I got to have it so we praying for you Antonio Brown, Chris Brown and Jay. You know over there in the UK you not going nowhere boy. And it's amazing when you finally start getting your live together, you get your masters, you start getting Grammys and but the shit that you done done in your past, come on.


This ain't the us we do it our motherfucking way. Ooh lie. Ooh man get ready. Go on tour make million. You don't think the motherfuckers over there knew that. You gonna think them them smart greasy hand cheese sandwich eating that motherfuckers over that day. Ain't no come on man. Free Chris Brown man. The the the homie ain't done nothing. The homie be dancing the the homie, You know what I'm saying, be giving back thanks to big you. I mean I just love everything about the homie Chris Brown, he good brother to me. We still got our good brother Sean p Digger Combs.


He going through a trial right now. Miss Dumb Richards old girl Little gang came, you remember her dumb Richards? She testified against fa she said Diggy beat Cassidy with a skillet that sound like a s scoring nigga. Me ain't no man hit no woman with no skillet unless she's gone. You know I Cassie come in late get upset, he be on a rock all day. He oiled up and shit. It doesn't drag up on him. You know what I'm saying? He looking like Morgan Freeman again. So I could see him grabbing the pan like You know like I then they asked cones about it and he said it was passion.


So you do a lot of things in passing. That's like when I came back, I told you ago when I came back on them niggas it was in passion but I brother cones going through that, You know like I like I always think I I taking nobody's side on her 'cause Right is right and wrong is wrong And You know all I'm saying is look that motherfucker done age seven years. Y'all look at Puff that motherfucker done age seven years dog. God damn boy. Puff look bad stressed. Woo nigga cat just glowing pregnant. Her husband gotta be one of the nastiest motherfuckers in the world.


If you ain't watching this trial, he watch it, he'll watch you oil on bitch and y'all want me, you get taped now I'm gonna tell y'all something man. Diddy a nasty motherfucker nigga. Like I said if he was trafficking any sort of, any women or men locked this on bitch up. What he been locked up. But it's up to the court to prove that he done these things. Now we know he hit we we we we know that, we know he we he knocked p prune juice out that baby mouth man vest, pursuit mouth having ass potato salad, mouth having ass shit.


An easy bridge cover girl makeup face having an ass. You know he hooker. He no man ever have no man never has to right to hit a woman man. Not, I mean not at all all bull sugar shot including studs and I've been known to wrestle a couple them motherfucking studs and they is a suplex one them hold. But these are my confections. Don't bring this back up on me later but, but my point is this man, no man has a right to put their hands on a woman. We know that Diddy was wrong for that fuck shit and she ain't the only woman he ever done done that to. We know this shit. But she, she took that man not to trial. She took him to Silver trial and sued him for that. The woman got 20 million from them ass whoopings.


That's what I'm saying. She got 20 million for a abuse that she said she received. We saw cool. But he ain't gonna trial for this, for that, for that ass whooping. She was going out and and helping them. So y'all wanna lock me up and not lock my bill up? No I want that bitch in here with me. Cry with me Cassidy. Bitch I made you I'm puff, I had niggas walking to get cheesecakes nigga I'm beat Diddy put some respect on Diddy name. I know I talk shit about him all day. Yeah he nasty. A lot of us nasty. Hell nobody wasn't nasty when none of us beat him.


Why do you men get around like y'all don't eat ass stop it. I do and I love it. That what wrong with you motherfuckers man I'm I'm so proud bitch you all kind of only fan big Y but with me you wanna be private though. Ain't going happen. Too much shit going on man. You got, let me get back to the sports. I know a lot of y'all like duh, come on man, bring it back. Goddamn I'm gonna bring it back. I'm gonna Michael screw, I'm gonna bring it back now.


Like I say Eastern Conference finals. Yeah went ahead and defeated the boss fan. Stop all that goddamn crying. Y'all wouldn't beating him with Taylor in the first place. God forbid he got hurt but they younger motherfucker wasn't doing nothing and y'all knew it. If we wasn't held, if this world was mine face half an ass, I don't wanna hear it. So this how it's setting up right now. The New York Knicks is facing the of, I mean Indiana Pacers in the Eastern Conference finals this year.


First time they ain't met in on NBA playoffs in the, was it two since 2000. They met Nicks went on to win that series and gone what's the Nicks like the Lakers? Who, who it might have been the Lakers they played in the finals one of the two but it been since 2000 since they met in Eastern Conference Congress right now let me break this down to y'all right now man. Lemme just be keeping, keeping a buck with y'all man. That motherfucking trade the Knicks made with the timber Ws with finally Marco, AKA Julius round and, and and Kap is played out just the way it supposed to play out. Who would've known that car town trade for fun? Marco Julius y'all.


Y'all follow me. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like and sometimes it's like Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service we can read a check engine a, B, S or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix finder Everything. You need nothing. You don't get in the zone. Auto Zone restrictions apply. Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery.


15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington DC. When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five.


I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky.


17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores not for under $4.


There's a reason why it's been the number one men's and purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Eastern Comfort Finals with Kat and Juli Rounds in the Western Western Conference finals with Tim Bulls right now. I can't wait to watch the two teams in the East Battle. Tyrese Hol Burton is a real point guard. He's a real 20 and 10 guy. He's a pass first point guard and he's 6 7 6 8.


We ain't seen nobody that tall doing what he doing like this since Magic. He got a ugly ass shot but the boy magic got miles turn over there picking pop player 16 6 11. I still think he wearing his girlfriend clothes and shit but Miles turn's been getting off of the bases. They a young squad. They a young motherfucking squad. They don't feel nobody. They don't feel nobody. Don't just believe the Indiana Pacer feel like they can beat the Knicks. Trust me believe that's how they feeling. But will they do it? I dunno but I can't wait to watch. I can't wait to see these God rats suited and boo.


They gave free away when the Knicks all night. Them rats gave free rats don't give up hot dogs. Never. They were giving it away. It's a beautiful thing going on in New York y'all I don't really know how y'all what what, what this mean to the New Yorkers right now but it's a beautiful thing. The wait cat came out that last game. It shirted his dominance. It a couple three. We also got there in paint with this big body all nine then and did what he supposed to do. Jaylen Bronson. We know what we getting outta him man. This you got a a new bay over there. He playing tremendous defense.


I know they gonna be trying to put him on Tyre's Holton. I know he can har go. I mean I know he can guard but I don't think he gonna be able to do it out four quarters. He gonna be in fo trouble man. This gonna be a hell of a series man. I I got it going seven. I can't really say who going to come out. I mean I would love to see the Knicks come out. It would be great for the NBA period. Like it could be great if the Ns got to the finals man. Like that shit would be awesome. I mean you see all the people up there, fat Joe Ne Jay kissing them, all them, all of them at the game. Jalen You know talking to Jalen Bronson and shit, You know it is just a good look. But it would be great for Indiana too. A small market team, You know man Indiana the finals, Nicks and the finals, they both deserve to be here.


I mean who's more exciting? The Knicks or the Pacers. And it depends on how the goddamn NBA is feeling right now for me. 'cause I think all this shit rigged than the end. I do. I think it's good for the NBA to sha rubles Rub rubles man. Ant man my twin go at it. I think that series going to go for some odd reason. I think the Western Conference finals series gonna go six games. I just truly didn't believe I I think it's gonna go six. I ain't gonna say yeah who I think it's going to be but I got it. Go on six. Y'all talk to me.


Let me know how y'all see they playing out with them with Shay Ant man going there. Then you got shit over there. You got McDaniels, you got Nas Reed, you got that white boy from the Knicks Divisio or however you say his name got him over there. Man it's gonna be real interesting. I'm gonna be locked in. I'm gonna be going live every night after the game. I know y'all gonna be excited. I'm damn so excited for this man hollering the cat and Bronson you got Shaa a man brothers against, brothers against brothers against brothers if You know what I mean? And something I asked me something the other day, I'm gonna bring this up because they always keep asking who to goat Michael Jordan or a LeBron or Kobe and Ali.


I'll say this all of 'em goats. 'cause here we are arguing about black men, successful black men that played the game of basketball and we are sitting up here arguing about who's the greatest and we are talking about black men at that. I think that's a wonderful thing just to even just to be even talking about. So for me from now out, I don't have a goat in in in the NBA just because of that man. We got Michael Jordan man you got LeBron James, RP, Kobe Magic Johnson, Shaq Kareem, my dude Jabar, the Kevin Durans.


Just so many, so many, so many brothers, so many, so many brothers name in the list. We should be thankful. Martin Luther King will be thankful man. Malcolm will be thankful but also talking shit at the same time. 'cause that's all he ever won us was to get in the position and and and and educate ourselves. But You know money changed people. So I think Malcolm would be happy but also still, still You know, pushing the agenda. What needed to be pushed in us to stop our mentalities from wanting compete with our brother or wanna, You know what I'm saying?


Do all this and that with our brother and our sisters. Like man it's, it's like this a big world. It's so much opportunity out here for all of us. But some of us fall into that. I'm gonna compete against him. He gonna compete against me. You know it is what it is. You know what I'm saying? I gotta have more than him no matter what it is. I gotta have more than him. We gotta get out that mind frame of saying man you getting yours, I'm getting mine. We come together, we gonna make a whole lot together but we don't do that. You got yours, I got mine. You stay on your side. I stay on my side. I'll build with this and then I'll build with that. Nah we need to build together man. That's what D white folks do. That's why y'all gotta stop crying sometime about man they got everything they do but yo we because we the one make this shit go around man.


And they know that. So let the more You know the better man educate yourself on certain shit man. That's what I'm doing man. Shit I'm, I'm learning each and every day. I'm learning people. I'm learning how they are. Motherfuckers are come around when it's up. Motherfuckers come around when it's real beneficial but when a nigga ain't beneficial the motherfucker don't wanna come around. No that's why you got to handle them kind of people accordingly. Yeah your motherfucker. I know you really not here for guess what, I'm not here for you yo. So calling me. Hey fam you Think you mouthful not doing shit? I been setting traps.


Oh I'm a bitch. I been setting trap. You white ain't motherfucker that can I don't want. You ain't got get no goddamn damn rat to you ain't gotta have no cheese to kiss no rat peanut bug And John what's Thatt say Peanut butter? No John. No John. I'm just simply telling y'all he is right here man. We are better together than we all part. That's all I'm saying to you got some people in your life right now. You love them but you're better away from them then that's what you do.


You love them and you do what you do away from 'em. Motherfucker man family be the worst one. Lemme tell you some real shit. A family member will see you in prison man I love you dog. I'm so proud or woman I love you girl. Woo woo. Keep doing your thing. I'm supporting you. All this and that. Soon as you turn your motherfucking back they talking about you like a dog and it's never the strangers, it's always the ones You know. So anybody watching this show today? Let me tell you some real shit. Stop complaining about friends and family and not it's I supporting you. The strangers going do it for them and when all the strangers get to showing you all this love then them other motherfuckers who wasn't all of a sudden then they ain't gonna be forced to come on back.


But guess what, that's when it's gonna be fun for you. 'cause You know them motherfuckers really ain't for you And You know when you see it but you enjoy it. I enjoy all the motherfucking time. I know some family member don't like to see me come and guess what I don't give a neither Should you don't your light around them mother people when you come around they want you to dim your life. They gonna want you to be what you are. No I'm gonna be all that And so I'm getting cheese on that burger now. It ain't just a regular burger, it's wacko. Come here.


Come here. My motherfucking pastor was begging like a motherfucker church today. I knew he lost his parlay. That's what we on my past when motherfucker went to begging I said that nigga lost the parlay. All of a sudden he gonna stop preaching. Yeah we gotta get the building fund together. We we got to do all this and that nigga all that money we put in the building fund. Ain't nothing new at the church but your damn vehicles New truck for the pastor. New car for the first lady. Your kids get new car. The grandbaby getting new car. We ain't got a motherfuck thing. A building farm bill.


Not putting nothing in the plate no more. You feel me? No mo I'm not gonna do it. I fell on hard times y'all. We family. I can tell y'all what going on with me. We family. I fell on hard time. I You know and I was up, I was putting money in there. I'm talking I'm dump, I'm dumping some rags in the church as I should between me and I fell on hard times. I did on hard times y'all as we all do. I'm not perfect. I'm gonna take a pastor. I said lemme holler you found he grabbed my hand and said what's going on? I said he said and he told me son, I said ain't your son nigga what's at the church.


It's not our responsibility to help you. That's what this nigga told me. Y'all wasn't they responsibility and he's right not I'm a grown ass man. All the motherfucking money I done put in this church man. You mean tell me you can't get something back. I don't care. We $50 all told me Never. So when the motherfucker go to the basement and I go to hell, let's just say the first lady found out about his side chick Come here.


The bible say the prayers avail. I mean the righteous availeth much. Come here. That was on my heart. Tell the first ladies what was going on with your man. The man that you putting up on a pt. The man that y'all looking at as a pillow. He's a fucking and God ain't please God ain't please I know y'all seen Caly Clark and Angela Reese come hell Caitlin Clark had a triple don't Angel Reese a k peanut butter cups had 12 points in 17 rebound.


But the Indiana people beat the dog sick out the Chicago sky. I like this. I like this right here. People tuning in when these two players just one another. I love it. I think it's good for the game. Angela re went in for a layup. Caitlin Clark win there the shit out over. Angela jump up talking and talk and y'all mad as talking no talk let her talk her shit. It's good for the game. These niggas don't wanna argue and fight. Well so let the women do it. Maybe they can turn each other clothes off and shit. I ain't got no problem with that. He's good for the game. And I also see some of y'all crying about LeBron James taking a picture with Caitlin Clark.


Well LeBron could take a picture with anybody he motherfucking want to. Y'all can't stop people from taking pictures with they who they want take them with. But y'all forgot Caitlin Clark is with Nike. LeBron gonna gonna protect Nike at any at any. He gonna do that. So y'all stop getting mad at bro for what Bron doing man let bro do what he do man. We can't control people man. Golly man can't have a life man Can't do this man can't do that. Come on man. Y'all got to get off the gas man. We are own worst enemies. Our own worst enemies. Stop it.


Start praying more. Start loving more store. Love him more. Stop hating man. Let that man live his life brother. Right or wrong. Let him live it. We ain't telling y'all how to live y'all shit. Tell this man who he can and take pictures with. So what? Let him do it. You do it. Come on Mike, get off the G. If you watching this show then You know it being presented by prize pitch man going down Low Prospect used my promo called Trash with the two H's. Hey man. Getting down to the nitty grid man. Getting down to the Nitty griddy. They got a three pick flex for $5 over their prize picks right now. Man you can do it up to five times a day. You could win and be going courtside to the championship game.


Real Talk. Yeah you plus one. So that's two tickets that y'all could be winging to the championship game this year. Tune in and check it out man. I promise you'll use my promo Coach. Stop playing if you can't watch this show. If you can't watch this show you can only listen to it. Go Apple pocket, go to Spotify, type in the bubble dub show. Boom there I am. So start playing with it man. That's what we doing over here. We talking about sports and we talking about the culture, talking about everything that's going on. I know y'all seen them 10 brothers, they broke out down that New Orleans. Them niggas on the run, three of 'em done got caught but the other seven still on the run. Everybody ask me how, how I feel. I don't feel nigga run. Some of 'em probably got don't they?


If they do motherfucker I'm gone. Don't be trying to go back home because You know niggas be dumb. It may be some of the dumbest motherfucker in the world be wanting to go back home like we don't know you going home. Come on dog. Ain't nobody going no damn home. We're stopping all that beside I took them brothers. I hope them brothers get away. Hope them brothers get away man. Real Talk. But thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show man. I appreciate it man. Can't wait till the games man. East the comfort. Find Western Comfort finds man. Yeah make sure y'all tune in, make sure you hit the like button. Make sure you hit the subscribe button.


Yeah keep your notification turned on so we gonna, we gonna follow this they dig shit we gonna follow it. We go we gonna see what, how it gonna play out and pay attention because this he women bro they bringing up old shit and shit. Hey be smart out here. Never know. We all could be next. I'm just saying anything people find anything so I can get you about. So be careful man At the end of the day. Enjoy y'all Sunday. Be careful out there. Don't be drinking and driving. Don't be doing none of that shit that I ain't doing 'cause I ain't drinking and I damn so ain't gonna be driving if I am drinking Real Talk. But if you want know I got one of them. I got one of them new sex s too one them new sex pills come y'all DM me.


I got you. Y'all D up. I got you. You can catch me in Vegas Friday too with the wheels. Come here. Damn right in Vegas Friday Pull up you won. See your motherfucking show. I don't give it to you. Ask my good people out there in a TL this weekend gave them the business. You thought prime time was on stage when I was out there, You know and I say all you gotta do is put it around. Motherfucker gonna disolve and I and all you gotta do it, it it. Tell her come here, come here gonna rise to like the statue and I to her.


Whatcha gonna do with all that and oh what you gonna do with all that? Huh? What gonna do with all that? Lemme tell y'all something but Barbara, Lynn, Barbara Lynn, Maggie, me. 'cause I ain't want to eat her nasty lasagna eating that shit. You made lasagna but what a garlic toast there didn't have no garlic toast. I ain't need it. You gotta have a garlic toast. Which for gig lasagna and I know that shit together. Barbering my last husband agent and he dead and he outta him.


He expired like old milk or IP to the homie and shit. 'cause if he wasn't be gone I wouldn't be having Barbara Lynn. So I always pay my respect man. It it's love. Yeah, it's it's love. But I I, boy I love Barbara Lynn, but she can, Barbara Lynn will change my life. Y'all in case y'all gonna know I got an old school. She's 67. Oh my God. Man. This woman take good care of me. My ain she she just, she she knows it motherfucker though. I don't, I don't, I don't like, she like to put her hand and finger in my face and I, I bitch I my old me, I I do something to you. And You know you can't do that any day Na, because you be in jail and shit.


But play with me. I'm a youngster. I I still got a little, You know, strength in me bitch. I do like AB was doing. Hey y'all know, y'all know. But to my family out here, I love y'all. My old school niggas, you got high blood pressure. Y'all niggas got to do better. Y'all can't be fussing and screaming and trying to fight and got high blood pressure. Nigga you gonna wake up dead. You a killer with high blood pressure. Stop it. Stop it. You high blood pressure as niggas, y'all gonna learn just like them diabetic as nigga. Y'all gonna learn when you both hardhead don't want take your medicine.


Okay. Okay. That's my time. I see y'all again tomorrow. I'm out The Volume. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like do do and sometimes it's like Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. Then we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service, we can read a check engine, a, b, s or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So you Don't need to hear the Not with fix finder Everything. You need nothing. You don't get the zone Auto zone restrictions apply.


Listen as Senia tells us why she chose to vaccinate her daughter Right after my daughter was born, my husband and I are having to decide whether or not to get her vaccinated. I definitely felt like the pros far outweighed the cons. The diseases that I'm protecting my child against. They're still here. Talk to your child's doctor and learn more@yvaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself. Some stands for so Others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington.


DC, You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.