
Here we go. Popeye's. Here we go. What do we want? Popeye's Chicken Wings. Why do we want 'em? They're the Official wing of watching Football. What flavors are we going to get? All Of them. Be more specific. Sweet and Spicy. Signature. Hot roasted Garlic Parmesan. Honey, barbecue. Sweet and smoke. Chipotle and honey. Lemon pepper. When do we want 'em? When we're watching the game. That's right. Gametime is wing time. Woo. Let's go that Chicken from Pops and participating us restaurants.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean Camila Cab Doja cast to a Lipa. Gwen Stefani. Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


The Volume. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. Today is Friday. It's been a long week if you ask me. It's been a long week but before I even get to the show, y'all know how I like to rock and roll on The Bubba Dub Show. Over here on Volume. Hell hit that like button. Hell, I know y'all been waiting on me and I've been waiting on y'all. Here we go. Hell hit this subscribe button. Yeah, it's Friday. Hell pig baby. Yeah, we getting that check today. But let me go on start to show I will rhyme. PED Go seal TRASHH. You could lost your mother fucking mind if you asked me.


Now let me dive into this subject real quick. Like a oracle. Yeah, lemme go on and dive in. Let y'all know what's going on. Ryan Garcia Ryan here. Holler. He don't like that. That's what he said. That ain't what I said. He said he Don like and he talked about George Floyd. May him rest in peace but we gonna get the George Floyd in the minute. Let's get the rhyme. I think you trying to hide the fact that your own smooth, her mother cheated. Trying to hide the fact that you cheated fam. Well you ain't gonna do him. You took the mama and supplements. Didn't nobody give you took them now you mad, angry. Oh and don't even start.


Oh now you talking about you to join the kk Well go ahead. Go and join the kkk. Go ahead. We gonna give a because real Mexicans, real Mexicans don't rock with you anyway. You ain't no real Mexican. Stop it. Real Mexicans don't act like that. Real Mexican know us and and them a family. We got a bond between one another. Yes we do. Now you wanna come back out? I'm just trolling. I like black. No you don't fam. No. That's how you really feel in your heart. Well stand on it then. Now you can't do all that talking and talking about I was just playing. No, it was the drug. No it was you. It was fucking you.


Your own friends. Mad at you right now. Your own family mad at you right now. Talking about you now you gonna come. I was just joking. No you wasn't All that's who you really is in your heart fam. Then you want to change the subject, then you wanna go over and bring up George Floyd. What George Floyd got to do with this man been gone three or four. You what George Floyd got do with this. You talking about you. I was just giving you credit for putting them motherfucker buy on hanging. Cool. You won that fight. You a good boxer but outside the ring. You ain't shit. Ain't no room over here for me for no racist, no room for that.


You are who you are. You can lie and and play all around. But I see right through your fake ass man. You ain't worth for damn Ryan being racist coming from, we come from the shit that we have to endure as black people. And you still want to use that as a sword. Come on dog. We gonna do that. I hope you get back in the ring with Tank. I hope he knock your ass out again. That's what I hope really happened. I hope somewhere down the line Devin Hangy can get some more skills. Maybe God could put power in them, pillow punches in here and maybe he could knock your ass out in the rematch.


That's what I hope happens. There's no place for that in America right now. We already dealing, dealing with two incumbent presidents. We already dealing with problems right now. And for you to come back out, make statements like this, then you go and take a picture with a black girl, then you go and tag Floyd And. we gonna give a fuck who you tag. Damn about you tagging Floyd. That don't mean you ain't who you're, he can't save you. I'm gonna tag, I'm gonna tag Floyd let people, man we gonna give a fuck about that Champ can't even come out and say you ain't racist. I tell Champ to his damn face. You a lie.


Sit down somewhere some We ain't taking enough of you Ryan. We ain't doing it. You gonna, you gonna, you bro. You're disrespectful man. Two disrespectful man. I don't tolerate racist people man. I don't do that man. I treat everybody with, with love and her. Yes I use the word white boy. But that's in the words of entertainment comedian. Because we all, we all, you know we all God's children man. At the end of the day not thinking dislike you 'cause you white. That ain't what happened in the past. What? That's just, that's the past. You ain't gonna forget. But I'm not going to dislike somebody because of their color.


I'm not gonna give somebody a job because of their color or their character. You running around screaming. I'm gonna join the KKKK. Don't you know what them folks did to us? I don't think your mama and now do you know what them folks did to us? You can't play like that. There ain't one person in the hood to play like that. Y I'm getting my Friday on in here today. Wait, Ryan Garcia got me feeling to my real Mexicans. I know y'all gonna feel the same way Ryan feel. It's all good. It's all love. What he say can't persuade me to think one way about y'all. Not at all. Not on the bubble dub show. We gonna do that.


We gonna deal with cowards. Ryan Garcia is a mother fucking coward. If you ask me a big coward, I don't give a damn how good you box. You can not box the people for him bringing George Floyd. And this ain't got nothing to do with nothing. Let that man rest in peace. Whatever he did his life is what he did. Let him rest in peace. Th this ain't, this ain't the way to go now. I don't care about your PR team coming back. Oh he was just trolling. No, no you want stand on that mother inside one go and stand over again when the motherfucking storm hit.


Ain't no boning down. You going to have to endure it when it hit. Now let me get the show started because I, I ain't, I ain't, I wasn't starting it with that. Let me get the real show started now. Why nobody won. Come to the motherfuck Lakers. You know why it's fucking circus up there now? Like right now what? It's fucking circles and I'm sick of it. We couldn't get no damn body over there. We tried to give Clay Thompson 80 million houses. We were gonna even do some illegal shit in LA but he wasn't gonna have no taxes for two or three years. Still didn't want it. Clay, you gonna disappointed your father. Your father say he had it all sick up for you to come to LA and you brought your ass down nigga down. I'm glad you came down here to Texas.


Ain't no taxes down here. I understand you want to get your money. You know you on your last leg. Literally you wanna come down here to Texas with Luca and Kyrie sit up in the corner. Well guess what? Guess what you going to do And guess what? Your ass better not be going over for 10. I know that. I'm going down there. No Cliff ain't gonna play that shit. They gonna be right down there on the first row. Front row talking dog shit with the sha talking dog. Shit, you better not go over for 10 down there in Dallas. Now Dallas need you. They gonna ship Tim Hardaway Junior all the way up there. Where Eddie Jackson on? IP in Detroit. That's where it shifted up there on eight mile. Eminem and them. That's where he at right now. Can't hit no shots. You gotta go.


Damn Lakers can't get nobody over. No can't get tomorrow Road. What's going on Rob Blinker. I told you what to do now. We stuck with Dlo stuck with him bro. I took the two year one off four. I don't blame. Hell don't nobody wanna come over there make it, make something happen. Hell you. You know what I'm saying? You a gm. GM some shit. We need a spark and ain't talking about the LA talking about the we smart got bro playing G We knew that. We knew knew we knew Brody gonna be in the G League house.


That where he need to be working on his game getting ready in case we called him up. He gonna be ready to go Skip Bailey's old. Hey Na. Talking about Paul George ain't no superstar. Yeah he is. He might not not be a winning superstar but PG is a mother superstar. Sick of you. Skip Bay sick of your fam. Sick of you getting on need on national television running your mouth for about nothing. Leave PG alone. You let me deal with pg. pg my fam let me deal with playoff P let me deal with him. Play off P ain't playing for no damn ring.


Playing for that chat. Let's playing fucking trouble. Yeah. Miracle I'm sick of y'all. You bias. You running around here talking about Drea Marcel and her boyfriend Jaylen leave alone the boy like that. Your old woman let him have her. You young hoes ain't worth damn my girl ain not singing. Yeah ain't there singing go really damn song it 7:00 PM Friday ain't they ain't got me and I ain't got no nigga it 95 degrees. That's what she in there singing. Ain't want me to be in a good mood. Never going.


Ain't no damn good mood. You in here singing all that. I ain't your man. Huh? That's what you saying now I that's what you telling the people. I ain't your man you gonna need candles because I ain't paying down like bill this mother. How about that? Call your daddy. Oh we ain't got no relationship. Good and good going learn your lesson with bragging and going on singing now. Not man I love Go Illa don't get it twisted. I love me some big glow but Glow is rich. Yeah you talking me y'all ain't some of you ain't sexy and all that more get on her and talk about what you ain't got. You ain't got a job, you ain't got a car, you ain't got a baby father.


That's talk about the shit that you ain't got. I'm over here 'cause you get stamps and your AC blow code and your cook. You put me to sleep every night. That's why I'm here. Got a good man. You better keep him ladies. You got a good stud. You better keep damn. Especially you got a stud that can work on cars and do taxes. Shit you got you a winner. Got you a winner. But Hill done went to the Warrior so they still ain't winning shit up there.


Draymond dur ran everybody up. Draymond come high. Lemme fam fair shit with Durant. Now's class as Clay come on. And Jordan pool you punched on him. I know you still feel bad about it fam but it happened. That's why I like you Draymond because you gonna mind putting hands on people. That's what I like. See I can't fight. I need to come around you so when I get into with people get get on now. That's why I like Draymond because Draymond will throw them hands. Say what you want about him. He we'll throw them hands and I love people that can fight. I need you on my team Rick Ross running around him. You know what I'm talking about. The biggest boss and you is and you is running around here talking about it was a bottle hit you.


It wasn't no damn bottle. There were hands and you failed them and you fell back. And matter of fact you lean back like Fat Joe. Yeah your hair will lean and I don't blame you. You ain't got no to get in now. Like I said the other day your security guards supposed to die for you. You love me then die get in there seen y'all riding back on that Ricky Rose jet. I loved it. Everybody talking talking about they want we stop all that and all that shit. I got a medical bill for you Ricky. Come here. Blue Cross Blue Shield come here.


My face hurt. My teeth hurt. Shit I need workers' comp. I need to be out two or three months. I'm traumatized with these damn Canadians. Shit they nigga Canadian Miss got them ass whooping. They took them boys were thirsty. Come on Ricky. Come on Ricky. We ain't doing all that. We ain't gonna do all that today now man we got to be careful out here. I know some of y'all feel like man he sugar got in there. Nah man we ain't doing all that. That beef between Drake and Rick raw That that it need to end. It need to get in because if you going to Vancouver, if they whooping ass in Vancouver they damn so gonna whoop ass in Toronto and I'm a real cool blue Jay.


Yeah I'm a real cool blue jay. So what I'm saying is keep it on records that's not bring this shit to the street. Rick came too far, done some great things in in this entertainment business to throw it away. Drake you two 'cause you already dealing with enough dealing with Kendrick in that damn aisle the damn aisle. Bow to Kendrick. I know y'all saw that damn video. The damn I bow cow my god. Drake, I know you throwing punches in the motherfucking aisle right now fam you an a. I know he too young to understand what's going on but you gonna have to sit down with your son and tell him I picked the wrong motherfucking battle then what did you do dad?


Well I thought I black but that damn Kendrick is a mon fight but I can't get him leave Kendrick alone. He already told you fam you not like us. Dropped the music video yesterday what? 14, 15 hours ago already at 13 million. Boy doing numbers going down is the greatest disrupter ever. Tupac will be proud right now. DJ must on the beat. DJ must I need a beat from you fam. I got this TRASHH song I want to do. Let's link. Yeah must let's link. Y'all get it dropping Gs today.


It's tired PE and I ain't paying now one of my mother and Bills either. It's time for me to treat me. See I'm tired of getting my check and then when I get my check, my check gone. I'm not doing that no damn more. I'm finna be selfish. I'm finna go Splurge on me big bottle on 1942 for me. Kush in my cigar. You jays for me no shoes for my kid. That's what I'm talking about. Get yours from shooter before school start leave pops alone. Let me beat me. Let me do me, let me do my thing. Stopping at the store for guard no condoms. Yes sir. Come you I get guard but I ain't get no condom.


Can you go your man out here talking about he want sign two more August. He finna give out a a million dollars to both of 'em. Shit I get that Covid vaccine before I signed the Gucci every damn August he sign either dead or in jail shit I passed Sam, I know I really want 1 million but I don't want it like that. I ain't lose my damn life. I live a long time. Shit. Ain't no fucking way. I'm thinking of signing the Gucci man man Who you a million. You gonna do this and that. See I'm either going jail or dying. Huh. And I love Gucci but man come on man. His his his company man hell bad. That damn give damn he giving 10 million.


I still don't want that damn monkey. Mm. I ain't gonna be able to do it. Ain't another damn thing I done told y'all about. I done told you white people. I done told you white motherfuckers stay out that damn wall. Not somebody done lost Damn cal. Look at this shit done lost a damn out there in that dirty ass water down there in South Padre. Holler. That's like bullshit. That Gulf of Mexico water nasty. Damn a motherfucker you can't see nothing. Them shorts can't see. That's why they biting every damn thing they water nasty full of pot and oil. I'm here to tell y'all what's going on.


You keep 100 with you man don't sign the Gucci and stay your ass out the water Pam. I don't know why y'all wanna run down there to them nasty as beaches. Dirty water can't see fish, can't see fish. Damn fish diabetics then they they swimming them jumping out the water y'all think oh they just jumping shit motherfuckers, motherfucker looking for insulin. Them damn fish looking for insulin. They out white people. I'm told you I'm trying to get some loans. I can't get no loan If your ass ain't home, you in the hospital they ass out the damn water. Find you something else to do. Hell start back hiking just bring some weapons, start back jumping our airplanes and shit.


Leave that damn water and stop going to them wood with nowhere. Stop it. Y'all ain't eating Africa no more. Damn lines done to y'all asses up. Y'all done learn y'all damn listen you don't see many white people down in Africa no more like that. Y'all done learn a valuable lesson. Them damn lines we'll eat crazy as hell. Fucking with all these animals black people don't them we with dog frenches boy hell we got childs got cane court. That's what we do. Something we could kind of control something that's gonna love. See instead of y'all go and get a dog, y'all wanna go out and steal wolves. Hys Chis lying Dyke bear. Y'all wanna go out and steal them.


Them wild ass animals then they give you wild ass treatment too. Well you know Billy lost a goddamn arm. I lose arm after wrestling with a goddamn alligator at three in the morning. That's what he was doing. Took his whole damn leg. It was fast rolling in then shit you hear about nigga getting killed car rick or getting shot nigga get fucked up behind on animal. Y'all run over with animals. Y'all wanna jump out the car, help the fuck the animal. Look at my brand new automobile. Yeah look at my brand new automobile and ike voy. Nah nah nah nah nah. Now this is not automobile now in now you can fuck up the window. That's what you I'm talking about.


We all the same. We just do different shit. That's all black people. We go hunting. We don't have no camouflage girl on Don. No nothing. White people go hunting. They got camouflage girl got the orange shit on. So you can see at now look we got there and Ralph Lauren shirts Sun John shirt. I wasn't even wearing no damn Sun John shirt took the wood. No damn well I wasn't wear nothing P that got nothing. Woo. They got me hot today all they got me hot, they got me hot.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com Don't miss asap. Rocky Don Big Sean Camila cabal don't you Cat Dua Lipa Gwen Stephan Halsey Poser sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad Council.


Nothing about me. How y'all doing? How was y'all fourth for July? Did you cook? Did you go over somebody house and eat? Did somebody come over your house? I had people come on my house fan with the food. That shit on the stove let me give me a plate. Never thank your sleep. I just wanted to come over here and talk to you big bro. Motherfucker you, you 15 years older than me. I ain't your big bro. I know what you want and I ain't giving it to you. No I got kids. They need all my ch all my chugg going to my kids. I ain't got nothing to give away. You think cock you seen me on on this speaker. You think I'm rich? I'm not. I gotta work like each and everybody else do every day.


I gotta work harder 'cause I work for myself. Hell money easy to get but it's hard to keep. As long as you keep that right there you'll make it. Money is easy to get but it's hard to keep. Big facts. Big facts. Like I said, Friday night y'all gonna go out and have a good time. Make sure you ain't drinking and driving. If you gonna be drinking make sure you call an Uber or something. Have something I have you a designated driver to get you from point A to point B. We gonna be responsible in 2024. We already dealing with enough shit in our life as it is. We going to be responsible. Yep. My fellows that's watching this show, we gonna take care of them kids.


I know I got some older people watching. We gonna take care of them grandkids too. Yep. Your kids, they ain't gonna keep dropping them off every weekend either. Inspecting you to watch them, you got all this shit to do too. Get because you 55 enough you still got alive. You still trying. Yeah you still trying to do that? Yeah. You wanna go down Bingo Miss Dorothy shoot at 55 and look you still got it. You got the salt pepper going on but you still got it.


Some of your deacons watching this show. I wanna let you know I love you. I'm gonna go and put the $30 in the plate like I'm supposed to this week be inspecting If coming from me I'm gonna go on and put $30 in the plate so I can get my blessing from the good Lord. Real talk. I'm gonna do it through Cash App though because I'm not coming to church. I'm tired of y'all calling me up there. Hey y'all come up here Bubble Dub. You got a word? Yeah I got a word. I'm broke. Stop the all shit. I'm broke. I ain't got nothing. Stop expecting something from something when I ain't got nothing. Real talk. There's a lot of free agents still left out here in the NBA but they ain't worth a damn Who can really come to the Lakers right now and help.


I heard they thinking about bringing back Kyle Kum but why in the hell did you get rid of Kyle Kum in the first place I getting Wait we had some young stars out. I know y'all won Blame bro. And I got two too. We had Brandon Ingle, Lonzo Ball, Julius Randall a k Funny. Marco had had him. Kyle Coolman who went down nigga Orlando for a little month. KCP, Alice Caruso. We done have some more them Ballers in the La And. we got rid of him. I ain't feeling that y'all dub ain't feeling that one bit. I ain't liking that. How y'all liking right now about the NBA going on right now? Man we ain't, Lakers ain't got no help.


Dr. Bus rolling over this Motherf grave right now. Y'all AC Green rolling over Still a virgin right now. If you asked me Lakers ain't made no moves man. Only thing to save in LA right now is Kendrick Lamar. That's the only thing that's exciting about LA right now is Kendrick Lamar. Man y'all won't even let game perform in la. I don't even it. It is game from LA because he can't perform. He ain't perform at Super Bowl man. Why y'all mistreating the game like that man y'all wrong for how y'all treating the game man this shit confidential Dr.


Dre. When your album gonna drop, fam been waiting on that shit 30 years. Come on with it. Hey man if you get out watching The, Bubba Dub Show man lemme tell y'all something about this show man. You know we were five days a week but we gonna get right back to five days a week when football start Real talk right now we three to four days a week. Only way you gonna know I'm dropping And if you got them notifications on cut them notifications on right now because when I drop Demi everything must stop. Stop drop roll when I come on you. Damn Michael you know I'm finna talk that toe. I'm finna make your ass laugh because some of you're going through some shit right now and you need a good laugh. You're taking that out on your kids. You're taking that out on your girl. You taking that out Everybody around. Sit your ass down.


I back today. Sit your ass down. Relax. Roll you up one. Yeah even if you don't smoke roll you if you smoke black, smoke your black If you smoke, if you smoke cigar. I don't smoke but I keep 'em. You know Smoke your cigar man. Go down to the cigar line, get you one knee man or whatever. Get you a little conc ci down and and look at me. Look at the bubble do show. Especially if you rock with me 'cause you showing me that everybody you know man that's my little homie you. I watched this boy boom I watched it. I know y'all seen what Phil said. Oh yeah y'all seen me in 50 August 8th down there in Freeport, Louisiana. Yeah coming down there.


Big show. Everybody gonna be on that motherfucking clue. Me in the ghost of Richard Pryor. Come here Richard Pry Ghost Flo all through me. I'm real comedy. Ain't no fake shit. Real comedy. I'm like uncooked ground meat. I'm raw. Hell no. Y'all seen fifth I bing on you. I know you have. Damn. That's why I told y'all wanna be in one of no movies. He said he going to make it happen. For real. I'm Finn Show. Y'all can figure you in a minute. Yeah me and Fifth had a long conversation man. So shout out to all the other comers that's on the show. Some ghosts. Kat Williams can't wait to meet you. Fam heard so much about you. I can't wait to meet Kat man.


Kat is an in Instru interesting fellow man. Love singer. If I'm able to to pick your brain on certain things in this comedy world, earthquake is there. My big brother love you to death. He's gonna be there as well. Ryan Davis a good friend of mine. Bill Bella Miller is a good friend of mine. Let's just start study event my money back. Yoga gonna be there at Cameron gonna be there. So I got from EE is what he lives, you know I was on that show as well. You know I support them brothers as well man. If it's going down August 8th through August 11th, Shreveport, Louisiana, human in Harmony presented by 50 cents, man. Been been, been been wanting to meet Phil for a minute in case y'all don't know Fifth put my skit on Pop Smoke first album Snitching.


The name of the song is Snitching With Free and Quavo where 50 ended up producing that album and he ended up putting my skit in front of that song. So I've been been dying to meet Phil. Been my been, been couldn't wait to tell him thank him for throwing me that alley hoop. That kind of jumpstarted my career that I would like to give people that credit when they're alive man. 'cause they can't do nothing with flowers when they're alive because they can't do nothing with 'em when they dead And big shot got the feel for that man. I'm super excited about going and performing man with, with some, with some heavy weights and it's no competition but I'm going to do my thing y'all like that's what I do.


That's what I, this, this is what I was born to do is make people laugh and entertain and I think I'm doing a damn good job of that And and no now how I look to y'all, how I'm growing and this and that, I can always get better. That's the mind frame I got each and every day I can do better and I will do better. And it starts with me And. If you got a team, it starts with the league. I'm the league so I gotta lead by example and then the people around me they can follow as well. And you know it's what all about having a good team man, everybody on my team right now, I could honestly say everybody's doing they job. We can do better but everybody seem to be doing they job. That's what I like. Any upcoming artists out there right now?


Any comedians? Keep pushing. Build your brand. Get your followers up. Get your followers up man. Real talk. Get your followers up man. Work. Work. Drop drop work. I did it. And you can't. You can't. It's a process. It's a marathon man. Don't listen to them naysayers. You got to put the work in. You just not getting onto this new job. You got what you call a probation area. Put the work in. Don't you know what I'm saying? Don't be late, don't miss work. Great attitude, great worth ethic. Your ass to get off probation. Then you move up to bigger and bigger, bigger bigger dollars man. That's what it's about. It's about growth. The hoes want you to grow too in them. Yep. And I'm willing come, I'm a little boy now but if you touch my leg one more time I'm gonna be a full grown then same way with you women too.


You got to grow. Started out cooking Rotel dip now I need your ass cooking. Macaroni and cheese. Yeah. What five different flavors of cheese. Shut up the game. I know your mama and them did the old fashioned way but that was the old way ho. That's the old generation. This the new generation. You ho can't bake cakes. I'm just gonna run down there and buy one. No you ain't. You gonna get kitchen, you gonna get you. You gonna get your cake mixed. You, you, you, you gonna get your eggs. You gonna work. Get your measuring cups. I don't know how. Jump on Google. Jump on YouTube. See they'll show you how to bake a cake.


Go learn today. May not learn. No but your ass gonna learn today. Check out the cake. I mean Kevin Hart that you gonna learn today. If you watching this show then you already know man We go. It goes down on The Bubba Dub Show Real Talk. You can also listen to me. If you can't watch me, you can listen to me. Apple Podcast Spotify, go over there and download The Bubba Dub Show. Leave over a review. Give me some star. Well if one star I way to five star whatever you give me, I appreciate it. Believe or remark. I need some reviews about how you feel about this show and what this show do, what this show do for you because this show is therapy for me to get up here and talk in front of y'all.


'cause I know y'all going jump in the cu section and rebutt everything I say or agree with me or talk shit to me or tell me how you feel. Guess what's special about this show? I don't take nothing to heart when y'all say something about me I hear all the time, well duh you ain't funny that show mother opinion but I got millions of other people say otherwise. That's why I say words don't hurt me. Y'all could say whatever y'all want to say about me, I'm gonna continue to come in here and let my life shine and y'all should do the same thing. You might not got the car you want right now but if you keep punching the clock, you going to eventually get the car you want. Yeah and then what's so crazy about I race when you get the car so hope you can pay for it.


What that mean? I got it. I got the number. That's all that matter. See it's one thing about us when we get some people moving, he on you. Well you know you only got this 'cause you know this person and then when you get there, oh man it ain't going to last man. You know man, stop it. We just can't be happy for certain people can we man, we hate to see people smile. They hate to see me smiling right now. They don't want the smiling, they want me sad, dying and out. But that's the devil. Devil ain't in me no more. Only when my baby mama pissed me off fish when the devil ain't me. Other than that, I'm cool, calm, collected a loving guy, burning God guy.


Yeah that's me. Yeah


And. if you watching this show then you already know this show being presented by prospects. Real talk. Yeah. Yeah go and download the number one sports betting fantasy app. It lives right now. Real talk. Yep. If you for my new users that's watching right now, let dub break this down to you for py. Go and use my promo code TRASHH with two Hs TRASHH and I'm waiting on you. Okay he said TRASHH two hs. Okay dub I got that. What's next? Well when you going now you gonna have to put your phone number and your email and all that in there and your location. Then after that, once you get in now they got a thing that say credit card well go on and put some money in there. Well how much girl wait I tell you what, if you put a hundred dollars in they gonna match it. Oh I'm starting like this. Oh it get even better And the picks is either more or less. What you mean duh Buy more or less. Well just like this they might got Angel Reese slated to have 15 points tonight. You either put more or less What? What about Angel Re they might got her slated to shoot four or five, three or three point attempts tonight. You either put more or less. I don't know way you gonna win on prize pick Sam if if you don't play it's just that simple. More or less baseball. They might have Aaron Judge Slate. They have 0.5 home runs tonight. You either put more or what you mean 0.5 they gonna make sense. That's what I'm telling. They might have him Slave to have one home run tonight. You look like man he ain't hitting no home run tonight then you put this or you might but he hitting the home run tonight then put more. That's old. That's prize pitch going down low prop pit right now. You my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs. It's gonna let you when you put in your location it's gonna let you know or not. Whether you be able to use Pride picks or not. Like I say, I'm down here in Texas, I can use it every day, all day. Yeah just one them just one of them asks where you can spend $10 and make $1,500. You can't do that no more for Pride Real got the he kn segment coming up, got the TRASHH of the day segment coming up. Yeah we we doing everything on this show.


Football coming up trying you Camp Finn start and I'm pulling up down there and street with the Cowboy. Yeah come here that let's talk. Damn. What the outside say that I'm saying right here on my show Dak Prescott is a top five quarterback. He my quarterback and he got the numbers to back it up. Dak Prescott is a top five quarterback. That's what I said. And he will lead the Dallas Cowboy to a Super Bowl this year. You ain't got like it but kiss my ass how I'm feeling right now. Feeling like that thing Leaders thing Leaders And.


if you a real cowboy fan, you all gonna be on your motherfucking thing right now. CD Lamb. I know you ain't coming to practice. We going pay you don't you worry out a mother thing. I'm going up there having a meeting with Jerry Jones myself. Pay him, pay him now Michael Pars pay him now we got big things to do in Texas. Hell god damn right. Hell big things to do down there. We eat Steer down here in Texas. We eat steer steering potatoes. That's what we eat. Me and Jerry Jones going eat steering potatoes when I go down there and talk to him on old Steven. Oh Jerry how you doing Bubble dub, how you doing?


Oh damn. All that Jerry let's talk let's let's talk business. What you wanna talk about? Do I wanna talk about how how how we gonna win this Super Bowl year? We we gonna need no distractions Now we gonna make sure, we gonna make sure Mike McCarty got plenty course like beer in that locker room. Yeah because that's who sponsor to the Cowboy Cool light. We gonna make sure he got cool light down in the office. We gonna need him sweating. We gonna need him no overthinking things. We don't need all that. We need our coach on point like a number two pencil And another thing Gary Lord them got prize on them. Hot hot dog fans. I went down there. Tell Jerry World last year got a hot dog. Hope 30 had to make a lot decisions motherfucker either Star or eat.


I don't dunno which one I need to do, but the Cowboy will win Super Bowl this year. They will coming behind that Preco. You heard it right here on the Bubble Dope show. We not bullshit.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What Prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap Rocky, I don't. Big Sean Camila Cab, Don Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani Halsey Hozier Sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council Live on.


He knows what he saw and he hell, hell Y'all know what time it's, it's the hell no, let's get to it. Somebody hit me up. Hey fam, would you eat a girl fresh off a cycle? Hell no. What kind of devil you fam motherfucking damn I don't want no ketchup on my hot dog dog. I'm not doing that. Damn you nasty. You got to be a nasty mother. Somebody hit me up and saying Doug will you do them roman candle war again?


Hell no. I'm lost my eyes back in the day behind them damn Roman candle war not doing that no more. When them damn fire cracker get to shoot and that fire get to hit your head. Ah. You get to scream shit. See real people know where I'm from. We used to have them firecracker ball. We used to shoot fire crackers at one another. That's what we did man. I know I ain't the only one. Somebody watching this show right now get to come in six. Let us know that y'all used to shoot five crackers at one another. That's what we did. That's what we did. Miss them time man times ain't the same no more. Man. These kids don't wanna go outside and play no more. They wanna be on the PS five all month.


Wanna be on YouTube all month. They times has changed man. These hoes ain't hoing no motherfucker more. They lazy lay in the house all the way at 10, 11 o'clock at night. Then they want go these lounges then they want hookers then they want something to drink then they don't wanna do nothing. Talking about they bag hurt your thigh. Your thigh. Get your mother. Matter of fact, look where my phone at. I'm gonna call your mama. Hey what's going on? Everything all right? No she on her way. For what? To drop the kids off? Hell no. She coming back for good. She five. You can come and stay here. I'm right getting rid of y'all. Bring your mama over here.


She the only one with respect. She the only one that can cook and clean around this motherfucker. Bring your mama ain't looking at you young generations no more. Bring your mama over here. Need some help going on around this sick of it man. Y'all know I ain't lying young don't want want but complain for more money though. Can you send me this? Can you send me that? I had this one chicken meal. I said bro, I said man what you gotta buy $600? I say yeah. I say shit you gonna give me, you gonna gimme me $600 worth of that good stuff. She say bro you know good and darn well my body can't handle 600 worth for that shit.


And I said shit good. Glad you said that because my wallet can't handle it. If you can't handle six, my wallet can't handle it. Call me. No mama. Matter of fact, y'all know my specialty word over here. So you want me to do for you then you can't do for me real blo not doing no arguing. See, a lot of times y'all like to be arguing. See some of y'all toxic y'all. Y'all say y'all ain't man, y'all don't be want y'all lying man.


Y'all want a female crying running behind y'all. Not me. I don't want none of that. I want zero. I'm deal with all that arguing and this and that, that because that causes fights like somebody else hit me a do what you day a female boxer? Hell no. Hell no. I can't fight. I'm not finna have this hero looking strong. Be a bad motherfucker beat me up. Never. I don't wanna never date no female boxer. She get mad when I'm gonna do well. Nothing but wrong. See then y'all laugh then you running from that female. She like, hell she a female.


She she look like a girl. She look like a father. Got all her father future. She just got these. She dub ain't gonna be able to do it. Telling you right now it's Friday. You ought to be thanking God that you black is alive for your white ass alive for your Mexican ass. Wherever you are, you ought to be thanking God that you alive man. Yeah you can do what you wanna do. As long as you, you know if you, you can see if you had one eye, you still got another eye. Can see real thought but enjoy this shit. Stop bull crapping. Ryan around here. TRASHH of the day. Can't go to nobody no other than Ryan. Go seal pull Ryan.


PED. Hello Ryan Oscar can taken Hold on Ryan Negro. Hey hold on. Ryan, TRASHH guard seal, TRASHH suspended nigga. Yeah but you need five. They need to hit you in your pockets. Talking them about us like that should have been, he need to fine. Our sponsors should drop him. Hit them pockets. You don't like Negroes? Well shit we gonna take your ro come come. We ain't tolerating that. You gonna be real or fake. Which one you gonna be?


You gonna be a boy or girl. Which one you gonna be? What you gonna be got me all hot today man. I'm coming here in good spirits. Talk to y'all man. Letting y'all know I feel good man. I feel better than I ever felt in my life. Went down there and played the lottery man. 1 75 boy I feel good. I feel like I'm lucky. That's one thing about black people, boy we win five or $10. We feel like we lucky we finna go right back in there and spend that. Whatever we born we want 10. Man, gimme a 10 ticket man. Shit, I'm feeling lucky. That's how I'm feeling today. Lucky you should be feeling lucky too man. Why I should be feeling lucky man.


I ain't got nothing going on. Your ass alive. Who woke you up this morning? God ain't gonna put no more on you than you can bow. Yeah he ain't gonna put no more on you can bow. Just like when I was locked in that room. Oh boy had me in that room putting no motherfucking things on me. Y'all I ain't lying boy. That boy didn't miss that boy. That boy accuracy like Floyds. I'm not bullshit but when I got free I beat him. I beat him right on the neck. Come on. And I did. Nigga go, I start shaking like a people and that mo and it was him who was doing the holler then. Oh yeah?


Oh yeah. You think they old dog could bite like that? Yeah. Yeah. You won't hit me no more. Yeah, blood went everywhere out neck. You thought I was a fat nigga. Well I was last on old boy neck. Yep. Yes. You rang out the house. Him wasn't me. I stood my ground. Come on back. Come on back. I got something more for you. Yeah, I beat him on his neck and latched onto his neck and then let go. That's a true story. I had to do that. That's one of the greatest moments of my life, man. Finally see somebody run from me and it wasn't cus of my hand, 'cause of my teeth. My bite mark. Man I got, I was like, I got hyena grip.


That's what he told the police. He thought he was dying when got big around the neck. I had two officers man were killing me with them hands. I couldn't see every punch felt like concrete was hitting me. My last resort was to bite him on his neck. And I did y'all I I was fighting for my life and I wouldn't be here today if I wouldn't have done what I've done. No regrets nigga. Oh man. No regrets. Real talk. But how y'all feeling though? Back We gonna switch over. But how y'all feeling about this Drake and Kinger thing? Man? Y'all think Drake gonna be cool or y'all think it's over?


Me personally, I think he's still gonna make hit records but man this, this not like us man. This shit is everywhere. It's on the radio man. He like I said, the video he just dropped doing stupid numbers. It's crazy. Like I think his biggest record is the disc record right now. If you was in Drake's shoes, how would you feel about this? Would you be like, well it wasn't for me. You wouldn't be doing all what you doing now? Or would you still be salty or would you still, or would you come back? Would you come back with another disc? Me personally, I wouldn't let it go. Like I got to get your fam You ain't, you ain't finna just do me like this When you got a owl, like I say you got a bound out.


You being disrespectful fam. I got to see you dog. I got to see you G one-on-one. I'm setting up a boxing Max something. Whatever it is. We fighting like that's off the rip. We're fighting. Ain't nothing else to talk about. When my camp CEO camp we're fighting now. I know, I know. Y'all say do you come on now. You tripping now you can't be, you know you can't be the champ. I'm just saying that's why I say set up a celebrity boxing man. Let's do it that way man. 'cause apparently D Drake can't with him on this rap thing. Kendrick different. He rhyme different freaky act. I'm a 69. God I am freaky.


I'm a 69. God I am. And GOGI voice I am. That's all I'm saying though man. Kendrick them is different man. They, they West Coast is back. I'm I'm West Coast. Need that man. Because you know south we been having it man. You know South been on South been on about a 25, 30 year run y'all. I say about 18 year run strong. The South been on about an 18 to 20 year run strong. And it ain't stopping. You know the east coast was coming back with pop or I people of pop smoke he got killed unfortunately. So I think they kind of killed that buzz.


You know Chicago big on, they big on they thing. The Memphis Big. That's the South. I'm saying Memphis ain. You know what they been able to do. But get in the comment section right now man. Let me know how y'all feeling right now man. I know I got my football heads in here right now. What we going to do is let your boy know man who went in the Super Bowl this year right now. Let me know who went in the Super Bowl and why if you're a 49 fan. I know you right now. I know you like man we gonna get it done this year if you a Cowboy fan. I know we ain't sniffed a mother in Super Bowl in 25, 30 year. But lemme know. Lemme feel it man. Yeah. Where my Carolina Panther fans at? I'm not forgetting y'all man. Yeah.


Where my Saints fans at? Where my Texas fans at right now? Where my Green Bay Packer fan? With my Steeler fans? With my regular fans there, with my chief fans there. I ain't leaving nobody out. Bronco fans. Where you at man Minnesota fans? Where you at? Yeah, talk to me. La Rams. Where you at? La Charger. Where you at? Yep. Come talk to Dub. Yep. Talk to everybody here and, and I know y'all were talking about me 'cause I had, oh y'all said I had Soul Glow? No, they were oiling on back of my chair. But I ain't putting that in my hair no more because I ain't been putting Grease in. I thought my hair was dry that day. So I thought I put some oil singing in there. Didn't realize the back of my chair was gonna be glossy then mother and it was. I seen y'all laughing. It's all good.


I could take the jokes. I love it. Keep it coming man. That's what we do over around the bubble. Do show man. I make fun of people. Y'all can make fun of me or anybody else. We gonna laugh together. We gonna cry together. But we gonna get this podcast to number one. We definitely gonna do that. Why? Because it's entertaining, man. Can't nobody here do what I do, how I do when I'm doing what I'm doing, what I'm doing it real talk. Yeah. It's going down. Like I told y'all, July 26th and 27th I'm in Pleasanton, California at Tommy ts. Grab them tickets. Yeah, I'm coming to the Bay Area. Yay area. I'm gonna be there. And on the 28th that Sunday I'm gonna be in SA Sacramento Blood Time Sacramento.


I'm gonna be that punchline. Grab 'em tickets. What you're waiting on. What you're talking about. I'm gonna be out in the play. I only grab 'em tickets now man. Let's start selling out these show more and more. Now I want to add some show. Let's do it. I got the fan base. I know y'all rocking with me like I'm rocking with y'all with do come to town. When y'all find out, grab them tickets man. And then when you grab them, come right here to the comment says and say, dub, I got my ticket found. We waiting on you. Yeah, me and my whole click pulling up. That's what I wanna see. See that make me go even harder. That make me get my thanks to that man. No. And I know some of y'all watching, so gonna believe in that man up there. That's your business. I'll never down talk you or make you feel some kind of way.


I'll never do that. But don't do it to me 'cause I praise mine. You feel me? Because I'm gonna praise mine. We'll talk. Thank you for watching The Bubba. Dub Show. I see Y'all asses Monday. Let's go The Volume.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances, asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, UA Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt, Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin. Hand More Stream, live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult Literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It Was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.