eBay (0s):
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear the experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.

Oscar Meyer (30s):
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.

Nissan (1m 0s):
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.

eBay motors (1m 30s):
This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.

5 (2m 9s):
What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com The Volume.

7 (2m 32s):
What's good y'all? What's up y'all man, y'all tap in with your boy right quick. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. All my first time people that's coming over here tonight man. Going to hit the like button. Going to hit the subscribe button, you know, Monday night Football, you know what I'm saying? We had two great games tonight. Well I say one great game 'cause one of them games wasn't what it was. I'm just not really finding myself from that debacle we had up there in Dallas yesterday. But I'm gonna get to that scrap a little later. Let's talk about the game tonight. The Buffalo bill knocked, I got the fire on me Jaguars I park tonight. Fog seven 10.

7 (3m 15s):
Do you hear me? The Jacksonville Jaguars lost seven to 10. Somebody go and find a little right now. Tina MCC rolling over in this motherfucking grave right now that talk about Trevor. The same that they just gave all this money to the same trouble. Lord, you Ja fan told me that we're better than that Prescott. Stop it. I want y'all to stop that foolishness, right? Damn Now Jaguars oh three, Buffalo three and oh let's look at travel. Laurens numbers tonight.

7 (3m 54s):
21 for 38. 178 passing yard. One touchdown, one interception. That tells me terrible that mean either to me. He, he just not a good quarterback but y'all went out and gave him 250 motherfucking million dollars. That's what y'all gave trouble on and he giving you nothing. That's a shade tree mechanic back there quarterbacking for the damn Jaguar. That's what Trevor Lawrence here, a shade tree mechanic putting all y'all faith and trust in Trevor. Lord, stop it. Y'all might as well went got Jamus Winston.

7 (4m 35s):
Oh y'all wanna talk about that? Oh he would. Doug Penon now you know he woulda coached to help Nick Foes and the Eagles get that Super Bowl. He's going to come down here in Jacksonville and do the same thing. Nothing but damn lies. That's all it was. Nothing but damn lies some good people down there in Jacksonville. I got my fire on me. They gonna deserve that. They gonna deserve that down there in Jacksonville. If you ain't never been down there, I don't even go. But if you do go, hey find some people down there that you do know because it get real rough down there in D fall. Good people. But you get rough down there. I got people down there.

7 (5m 15s):
Duh, when you coming down there? See when it's dark, I ain't bullshit. I come to Jacksonville, Florida when it's dark out like the creep in that motherfucker, nigga down look crazy. See y'all keep trying to act hard. You see what gets you. I know y'all see them Negros down there in that young do murder case. We'll get to that in the minute too. But let me stay focused right now 'cause my mind everywhere right now baby mama. My nerve man. Boom. More money. Ooh, y'all don't understand what I'm feeling. Josh Allen tonight was 25th for 3,263 yards. Four touchdown no picks. That's ringing football with me.

7 (5m 55s):
That's why I got three and no I ain't even know that was Josh Allen earlier. I thought it was Jim Kelly. Swear to God I didn't even know how to pull my phone out and put him side by side and realize Josh Allen a little bit taller than Jim Kelly and and by three 30 to 40 pounds heavier. Now if you are, if you are a Buffalo Bill fan right now, I know you feeling good about your team or you're three and zero right now. Y'all were 4, 4, 4 out of five in the red zone tonight. That was a difference in the game. Jaguars is not a good team right now. Maybe not even the next two or three years. They not gonna be out. Went out and got Calvin really thinking that was going to help Trevor on. It ain't working, it ain't fucking working.

7 (6m 36s):
I need some Jaguar fans. I know y'all in the come talk to me because I thought, I thought the, I thought the Jaguar was on or something. Least I thought, I thought that was progress. I don't see it. Y'all spent all that money on Trevor Lawrence and is not paying off. That's all I could tell you right now. Josh Allen has six carries 44 yards. Dude playing balling right now. He's probably gonna be in the MVP running again to me for me with Buffalo is all about what Josh Allen gonna do in the postseason damn the regular season. 'cause you be getting off in the regular season fam. But it's when your big ass get in there in that, in the postseason. It's when you going play up to your potential just like Dak Prescott don't play up to his motherfucking potential.

7 (7m 21s):
Got all them yards yesterday in in scrap time. I'm not putting that game on that I'm putting it on all them motherfuckers up there. All them. Sorry. Including the owner here. You come thinking Jerry Jones, your owner won't come to talk to you about a good game or or a possible contract. He coming in there to look at the size of your meat. I feel like Jerry Jones should have to sell the Dallas Cowboy for the remarks he made as a player.

7 (8m 2s):
Every time I see him now all I can pictures him trying to look at my meat. I can't have that And. we ain't as give so I'm, I'm already shy and embarrassed of this one inch and here he's enough trying to look down now and see what I got and I know he can't see nothing. Even if he use a magnify glass, he not going be be able to see nothing. But the thought of it bothers me. The thought of it make me want go see a psychiatrist now. You know what I'm saying because when I have sex, the light's off. God can't bring light to the rooms. I'm laying up in the butt naked Anding in. Do you hear me? I look like a glazed honey bun in that motherfucking bedroom with her. Ain't shit, ain't no lights on.

7 (8m 42s):
She cut the cell phone light on to fight on. Ain't like I had the chick. We finna get ready to have sex. She won't get slick. Put the light on girl. Don't you say nothing like that. You run me hot time. I cutting the light on. She had the lights out. I dig on top. All of a sudden she pull her phone out with the flash. That's when I put my hand on my pistol then see you gonna listen to me. I can told you I don't want no motherfucking lights when I'm but naked. I don't want my job is to me. Ooh. I don't like it for it to be but but naked when you get in the room, lemme know. You like wanna be pissed Don. That's the only way, that's the only way I have sex. I gotta make sure I, I gotta make sure we're dark when I get through having sex, even though it's dark, I get up with the covers like this.

7 (9m 26s):
I don't want her to see it. She already can't feel it. Now I'm putting a picture with the feeling and I'm gonna be outta there Mean Motel six me, motel six full of roaches. Motel six need to be closed down. They full of roaches, blood stains all on the carpet bed Buzz. Every motherfucking one. They done bit me on my chest and on my back. But guess what, I'm still in there trying to lay one inches of pipe. I'm shaking. She's shaking. Just let's shake together.

7 (10m 9s):
Switch Nova took the Washington Commanders, they defeated the Cincinnati Bingos tonight. 38 33. Let me get say this right now. Jayden Daniels, I didn't sing enough Bad Blood Magic Johnson, you got you something up there in Washington. I know you. I know you in them. Me bad blood Johnson. Let me tell y'all something. Ever since that bad knee pork chop Nick having bad blood. Magic Johnson announced he had HIV. He ain't did nothing but come up. Magic can't do no wrong no more Starbucks, everything he touched turn the gold.

7 (10m 49s):
Tell me I'm lying. He was 210 pounds. Magic Johnson the size of Mark Henry right now. EJ running behind him with his handbag. Miami Dolphin. You need a quarterback. Go get EJ Johnson. He'll fit right in down in Miami too. Shit that damn dolphin drown yesterday too. Damn Seattle went down there. Damn did they goddamn Tyreek Hill is a good tire. He a fast car but he can't go nowhere with no damn gas touring Jupiter right now y'all got Sky trash but go get Russell.

7 (11m 29s):
You motherfucker go get Russell and go get Cam go get one of them. Come on double as week. You say don't get Cam. They were reverse psychology. I want them to bring Cam new men get Cam a couple of weeks. You gonna need about two months to get right. Cam been laying up eating Dongas, drinking coffee, wearing that tur ass suit. She been wearing shit. Give him a a couple gimme wearing them tight as clothes. Shit. Give him about two months. Shit. Cam Newton will be back. Right. Get in the comment section right now and let me know what y'all like to see. Russell Wilson, cam Newton with the Miami Dolphins right now. But let's get back on track On this game that we had here tonight with my, with my guy James Daniels with 21 for 23.

7 (12m 13s):
Ooh Efficient. Like 2 54 passing yard, two touchdown in the big key no turnovers. That's Jayden Daniels. They wanna talk about Young. He ain't even rookie. Wanna pull it? No motherfucker. Let's talk about Jay Daniels thing. I don't, he don't get down boy. We the Commanders don't need to. They gonna need, you gonna have to learn Jay. They ain't gonna have to learn how to slide. Oh but they got them bad blood. Johnson. You gonna not ditch yourself right now fam. Y'all got y'all something up there in Washington right now. T McLaren had four catches a hundred yard. Joe Burrow bowed out 27 for 34, 298 yards.

7 (12m 53s):
Three touchdowns. But it was a little too late. Jamar Chase got got two six catches. A buck, a buck, 118 yards. Hey B, y'all nigga do the right thing and pay Jamar chase man y'all ain't, don't nobody want to come to 60 90 no motherfucking way. You got you up, you got you a stud like that. I'm talking about a stud that Jerry Jones won. We all know Jerry Jones like studs. But you got one of the best premier receivers in the game Cincinnati and y'all don't want a pan. Y'all full of shit and y'all know it. That's why y'all ain't gonna never win nothing. I'm sorry bing a fan. I'm sorry to hurt y'all feeling but y'all ain't gonna win shit man. Giving you all he got pause.

7 (13m 34s):
I'm talking about oh this is how y'all do him. He go out here and lay on the line and reward that man. Give that man some money. Give that man some mother money if you getting now tuning in, we just not getting started. You know we gonna have tell on here what's tonight. Get your popcorn ready, get your popcorn ready. Gonna rock and roll over on The, Bubba, Dub Show. Man we gonna, we gonna, we gonna hold nothing back. We gonna hold nothing back. I'm a one of the fans that where my team lose, I'm gonna show up and I'm gonna talk about it. I am highly upset at them dollars Cap. I ain't know them motherfuckers, it don't look like they practice to me. It look like they just show up.

7 (14m 16s):
Damn fam shit man. What time you get man? I just got here. Me too man. Shit man, shit man. I don't even know if I'm gonna get the ball or not. I ain't even tripping dog. You know what I'm saying? I'm just here for a check. That's how them niggas be them nigga. I'm telling y'all man you gotta want this man. I ain't never stepped foot on the football field professionally. I'm talking about playing or collegiate. No, no playing in high school. But there ain't nothing like stepping knock on that field man. You got to give it all you got man. Eboards getting paid means of dollars. There's a lot of players who will never be able to make it. There's players in college right now that's playing to go to the NFL and they won't, some of 'em won't never make it.

7 (14m 56s):
But you got some of these players in the league right now. They just bullshitting do all that shit talking on these podcast. But they going do this and that. They get in the game. They don't find a way to get the job done. Now I love Michael Parsons man, but Mike Zimmerman going to have to help him put him in better positions to SEC succeed because I'm not seeing it right now. He used to getting after the past Russia and they doubling but that means somebody else on the Dallas Cowboy front line, Lawrence Lawrence, somebody got to beat one-on-one and they not simply beating it right now. That's why a Dallas cowboy can't stop the run. Can't stop the motherfucking pass.

7 (15m 36s):
Can't even stop their own gas. Yeah. Dallas Cowboy gave up over 270. You are Russian against the Baltimore Ravens yesterday And I'm hearing fans scream. Dak d Dak ain't the only motherfucking problem and start with the owner all the way down to the coaches. This is a man's game and they acting like little motherfucking boy. See these AOD dropping passes. Drop motherfucking pass and fumbling And if you raise your motherfuck.

7 (16m 18s):
I said me on the sideline nigga come here. I gonna choke the shit out lamb on that sideline. I bet you won't throw down another tantrum like that. That and you'll realize what I done to him. Raise now I threw the ball right here in your bread basket. You dropping it. Come on man. Come on y'all talk to me now. I need my fans come in the chat right now and talk to me and be honest with me because I'm honest with myself. I don't think the Cowboys gonna make the playoffs this year man. That's how bad it is right now. I don't think the Dallas Cowboys gonna make the playoffs this year.

7 (17m 1s):
And I'm thinking Mike McCartney is going to get fired. I need, I need y'all to talk to me. I'm not lying to see, I feel, I just feel it. Maybe we can get on something magical run. I don't know. I don't see us going to the playoffs this year. I don't. I see Washington a team that we watched tonight. A young team that's that's coming. Yeah. Jane Daniels looking like him. He's seeing the field. They running rigg options with him and he running 4, 4, 4 5. They got something up there in Washington.

7 (17m 43s):
You know he with the cowboy last year y'all, y'all see what? See they run but I won't be dumb. This mother can time the bet money on. I bet you, I bet I'd be quiet the whole week from now having when the cowboy play. I ain't doing all that talking shit before the games no more. That shit dead. I'm not talking about the cowboy no more before I won't do it. I said something about them boo good gumbo eat motherfuckers down there New Orleans and they backfired on me. They backfired on me ladies and gentlemen I had to eat crow and I'm eating it.

7 (18m 23s):
I'm, I was, I'm eating it. We going to definitely talk about Justin Fields. What he's doing up there with Pittsburgh right now. Got them boys up three and oh right now. Big Ben say he ain't touching now another female no more leg without consent. Do you hear me? That's how good the Pittsburgh Steelers is looking right now. Defense rocking and rolling. Say what y'all want about bugeye Mike Tumblr defense rocking and rolling. I got two roomy brothers too.

7 (19m 5s):
You know they the ones who implemented that, that, that, that that. You know that really rule that you got to interview a brother if you wanna bring in any other, come on come. But good boys though. I way interview that don't mean we going hire. Yeah we know the game. We sick of it. We sick of it And. we gonna keep it real or we or we gonna or what on this motherfucking show. Too much bullshit going on in the world. Some shit people doing in the world. They ain't even thinking. They ain't thinking.

7 (19m 46s):
I know y'all been following that young, they young man say he got hundred to kill a ico. Do you hear me? 800 mother dollars to kill young adults. We gotta do better leg in general. Man said man I was just trying to get some money man. Not worth it. Not worth taking somebody else life. You say you was a five of five now your kids got, you see nobody wins when you, when you, when you commit senseless murders nobody wins.

7 (20m 29s):
Nobody wins When that happens nobody wins When that happens man we have to do better y'all. I think we can do better man. Sometime when people say things, I mean no matter what you going through in life man you have to think sometimes just take the time out and just think th think, think things through. Not only in Young do man a lot of people cases going on prayers for Alabama right now. Mass shooting. Mass shooting in Alabama. Four people killed mass shooting. I don't even know who the shooter was by Baby White. They say Mass, you know you white boy you know it always Mass shooting with us.

7 (21m 10s):
Y'all us, you know, you know you know drive-bys and shit. Y'all be on some mass murdering shit. What's going on with y'all? I bet you some white boy got fired. Told me she was gonna divorce him and he just blanked out and wanted to hurt some damn body. Grabbed the damn AR 15 I damn truck went line through there, seen a couple people and just start fine. I bet you when they, if you white when they catch him, I bet they don't shoot him. I bet that they gonna bring that motherfucker Chick-fil-A sandwich and don't you forget the Polynesian sauce. What kind of drink you want Clifford? Shit Sprite And they better be si see black people got the lemonade.

7 (21m 53s):
White boy gonna get Spike or on a yeah they get them damn mad. Mark C on a oranges apple and them damn playing chuckles shit. Us home tied up. We can't fucking move.

High 5 Casino (22m 11s):
High Five Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com High five Casino.

The Hollywood Reporter (22m 43s):
Are you looking for one place to find what to watch? Searching for trustworthy reviews of TV shows. Everyone's talking about curious how well a film did at the box office. Stay in the know of all the entertainment, news and updates you'd ever need with the Hollywood reporter. thr.com offers round the clock, breaking news, film and TV reviews, original video content and continuous coverage of business, lifestyle, and entertainment. Visit thr.com and follow us on all social platforms at Hollywood Reporter for your daily dose of entertainment news.

Visit Orlando (23m 13s):
When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 worldclass theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.

Chumba Casino (23m 43s):
How to have fun anytime, Anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come To Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's A lot of games all for Free. Step four, unleash Your Excitement. Woo Chumba Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chumba life. Visit cheba casino.com BW group. No purchase necessary for prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus.

Oscar Meyer (24m 14s):
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar my smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood. That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. Enjoy. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.

7 (24m 49s):
Somebody say I don't want no ice on there. I'm just keeping with y'all tonight man. We got, I'm tired sitting here hearing bad news man. Senseless people man. Unli in people man. Come on man. That ain't what it do. That is not what it do. Ladies and gentlemen, you watching this show tonight man? And sometimes y'all might be at work right now. You might not. You know what I'm saying? May not even be able to watch the show. But you can always listen to the show on Apple Podcast. Spotify type in bubble duh boom, I'll pop up. You know what I'm talking about man.

7 (25m 31s):
Shout I to the people that tune in right now in the chat. I see y'all in the chat right now going live. I'm loving it man. Keep asking me questions. You know I love that. I'm fucking get ready to bring my, my special guest on to we can get him on and you know we gonna, we gonna, we gonna make it do what it do but yeah man y'all keep rocking with you boy man shit. Can we get to on here right quick man, let's go To can't come in right now.

7 (26m 11s):
I don't know what's going on but I'm gonna keep the show going or whatever but we're gonna keep the show going. What y'all say Joseph? What's up my guy? Y'all talk to me man. Y'all talk to me right now. What's going on with y'all man? Y'all talk to me how y'all feeling? Right man, it's new this week is Monday. Cowboys got the Giants coming up Thursday night. I don't really know if we gonna win that game right now to be honest way our defense is looking, I don't know if y'all know this or not, but there's turmoil going on in that locker room right now. I'm just keeping the book for my sources. It's turmoil going on in the Dallas Cowboys locker room right now. From the defensive side to the offensive side.

7 (26m 51s):
Been some words being said. I don't think they got a legal on that team that that could turn things around right now in Dallas they need know the offensive weapon. I'm I'm saying I feel like the Dallas Cowboys should go out and get Amarii Cooper from the Browns bring him back. Somebody that can come in there and take the heating pressure out C Cge lamb. But right now Cge Lamb got to do everything Cook can fall back into the slot guy third receiver let Amari be two and I think that could help the cowboys out a lot 'cause they ain't got no run game. Zeke is not it. That belly ringworm motherfucker is not it. And I ain't got nothing against Zeke.

7 (27m 31s):
I'm just calling how I see it. Other people want baby it and oh man, he's okay. Zeke is not okay. Y'all his best days is behind him. Ah, motherfucker don't wanna do nothing but drink tequila anyway. Shit. I'm pretty sure it's a free agent right now that can run the ball bigger than Zeke. Man. Cowboys can't even run the ball any damn way. So I don't even know what to say no more on that one. Especially on that. But they got the New York Johns this Thursday night. I I, I can't go against my team but I just don't think they gonna beat the Giants. I just don't see it. But who then again, it's the Cowboy they like to come out on fucking fire Cowboy like to come out on fire, get my hopes up all again then let me down.

7 (28m 15s):
Y'all ain't the cowboy like come out Thursday night and and beat beat the New York, New York rat John 38 to 20. That's what the cowboy they capable of doing that and I'm capable of coming right back on here Thursday night talking all kinds of shit. Told y'all Super Bowl we back and that's where I be messing up at when I run my black ass back on this show saying Super Bowl, we gonna do this and that And, we ain't got the fucking person they to do it. I got to be real with myself. Y'all, I got to be just like I be real with them ho when I tell 'em I ain't got no meat, I'm honest. Y'all be on them dates lying.

7 (28m 55s):
Oh I'm an entrepreneur motherfucker. You got $200 in your bank account. Stop lying nigga hos man. And tell 'em the truth. Tell em you got shit in your drawers too Paul. I got shit in my drawer. I wanna be up and honest to you got shit in my drawer. You know what I'm saying? My credit bad. I I I ain't even really fuck with my kids like that. But hey I'm here for you. Come tell y'all be wasting your women time man. Y'all gotta stop this shit. Oh I'm in between job nigga. You ain't had a job in four solos. Stop it. Telling y'all the truth man.

7 (29m 37s):
Y'all talk to me right now man. What's y'all best pickup line fellas? Talk to me man. When you see a a na woman man, what's the what? What you, when you see a na woman like a stove at a restaurant at a club or whatever, lounge. What do you say to her these days in 2024? What do you say to her? Oh we got to on man. We got to on man. Let, lemme see. Can we get him on man? Let see this thing man. You see it? What's up bro?

15 (30m 3s):
Can you hold on one second? Lemme go get my signature saved.

7 (30m 8s):
Go get your saved man. You about to kick this thing off in just a few minutes. Y'all, y'all stay with me now you dig? Do what You box T for 10 million. Hell yo. Shit, you ain't gotta add me nothing like that. Hell yeah. 10 shit. I'm getting in there now. We gonna have a little discussion before all this look here fam. I'm gonna need you to take a fall. Hell take a fall. Yeah, that 10 million I'm give s up brother. You doing good.

15 (30m 50s):
What's cracking about Doug?

7 (31m 3s):
What's up bro? You good? What? Good what? What's up?

15 (31m 9s):
Shit, you see

7 (31m 10s):
What's goodall? Hey man y'all see what I got. I got the hall of Fame in, in the big to what's good man.

15 (31m 18s):
Man I

7 (31m 18s):
Can't cop what up man? Me talking about these games man, talking about my Dallas Cowboys lost yesterday took a Baltimore Ravens man, everybody seem to be putting the blame on Dak. I think there's plenty to go around to how you see it.

15 (31m 32s):
Yeah, there's plenty to go around but it starts with the quarterback. They test the ball pretty much 99% of the game, 99% of the time during the course of the game. He just got paid big bucks. So you gotta be able to produce, you gotta, you know, make sure you're worthy of those big bucks that you get paid. You know they gotta shoot couple hundred million dollars men on the, on the offense side of the ball.

7 (31m 55s):
So they ain't blocking though to

15 (31m 57s):
They, they gotta produce

7 (31m 59s):
What I'm seen. They, they not producing, they not blocking, they can't run the ball. So if you can't run the ball, how you gonna beg a throw to

15 (32m 8s):
Well how you, how, how, how, how are you gonna run the ball? You get, you get rid of Tony Pollard who goes to I think Titans or whatever he is, he is doing decent. But then you bring somebody back that you got rid of two years ago and Ezekiel Elliot Elliot What, what, what, what kind of running game do you expect

7 (32m 25s):
To have? No, that's what we seeing now. None.

15 (32m 29s):
I mean this is, this is, this is never ending. This is, this has been an ongoing thing for the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboy fans and like, look, don't hate on me. Look I don't play anymore. I am a fan if you can consider me a fan of the game, but I am pretty much on the outside looking in. So I get to give sort of my expert opinion or my 2 cents on what's going on. Again, like I said, this has been going on literally since, since I was with the Cowboys, you know what I mean? So ain't nothing changed. It's been this way every year since, since I left in 2010. So it's been going like last 14 years. It's the same thing. How about them cowboys? It's our year.

15 (33m 9s):
We're gonna win the Super Bowl. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's not looking good. You had a holdout in CD lamb obviously he's playing sporadic. Hasn't played his best football yet. Again. You gotta be able to produce, you gotta be able to kinda like, you know, live up to the expectations and the money that they paid you. Just like the guy over in San Francisco, Brandon iu. You got a 30 million?

7 (33m 33s):
I'm good. You good?

15 (33m 33s):
Let's talk about real. They got a, they got a, they got a $30 million man over there that can't catch a cold right now. And then you got my guy, Jwan Jennings who's over there playing like the $30 million man. He he's definitely playing. He gonna get paid after this this season for sure. So again, my thing is John Lynch, who's the general manager has made some poor decisions. I feel like over the course of some the time that he's been there. This has definitely been a grave mistake in paying IU $30 million. This dude doesn't, he doesn't even, does he even have 10 catches in the three games that he's, that he's played thus far? Came back week one dropped the touchdown pass. You look at number 15, Jwan Jen, jj he is playing lights out playing, playing lights out.

15 (34m 18s):
Like I'm coming in in one of the posts. They paid the wrong guy, the $30 million. They, I trust me that right now, I guarantee you they're having, they ain't

7 (34m 27s):
Pay per though. They ain't

15 (34m 32s):
Paid per that's that. Hey man, that that they, they gotta cross that bridge. Oh, when it's time right now that that's, hey that's

7 (34m 40s):
And speaking on the 49 they lost to the round yesterday. 27 24 and they was up double digits on the rams yesterday and lost.

15 (34m 49s):
Yeah. Why, why you think I jumped ship from, from talking about the lousy cowboys? I mean they get enough coverage on, on ESPN every day. W we we're, they, the cowboys are a lost cost trash.

7 (35m 7s):
We gonna be allt, we gonna be, we be all t we gonna be alright man. Trash. But speaking back, back what you were saying on the 49 ERs, OTO with Deebo was out Christian McCaffrey talking about his Achilles, his Achilles right now.

15 (35m 23s):
Oh, I mean that's been, that's been ongoing since, since last year since the Super Bowl. I don't understand a guy of his caliber understanding that he needs his body to, to, to be able to function and play like he needs to. I don't, I don't understand why he didn't make that a priority. Soon as the season was over, you knew you had a calf achilles issue going into the playoffs of last year and now 3, 4, 5 months off season, three months, whatever the case may be. And you're still having that same issue. I think his priorities are at are not in the right place. I understand you, you, Olivia Cooper, you married her, you're doing this and that and the other.

15 (36m 7s):
Your priority should have been focusing on getting healthy and especially if that achilles and that calf was an issue and clearly is an ongoing lingering issue. If it's an issue right now at the beginning of the season, dude, you can only think unless he missed an extensive period of the first half of the season unless he, unless at least he missed, he's gonna have to miss some time to be fully healthy to be able to play like the Christian McCaffery that we're accustomed seeing because they, they're rushing back. He gets out there, he's tweaks it, he's not warmed up properly. This is gonna be an ongoing issue. But the guy that stepped in the running back racing or Mason, the undrafted free agent, he's done an amazing job. And this is a lesson for any undrafted free agent.

15 (36m 49s):
Any guy that's drafted late round, when your opportunity come, your number call you make the most of it. And that's what that young ya that young

7 (36m 56s):
Man is doing, okay, ship down there in Miami right now, you know that Dolphin is drowning to, what do the Miami Dolphin need? Do? What quarterback do they need to break? Ru Hey Russell Wilson can

15 (37m 5s):
Save. They need to do, they need to do whatever they need to do to either get Bryce Young who has a lot of, and I say that 'cause he has a lot of familiarity with one of the receivers there. Obviously you have Tyreek Hill, a dynamic receiver, obviously you can get the ball down the field. Bryce Young unfair couple of games f really unfair Two seasons considering last year. This year he's had a number of head head coaches already. Offensive line is atrocious. They, they, the offensive line, you need to a bubble dub, we need to get an all trash award because that offensive line and the organization, you need to add the organization that all trash organization award goes to to, to the Carolina Panthers hands down already.

15 (37m 52s):
They've done this guy in injustice, not really, really putting a, a good putting him in a good situation. Bryce Young. He flourishes when he has elite talent around him. That's what he's accustomed to playing for four years under Nick Saban. And obviously, like I said, yeah Heisman winner championship. You can't tell me this guy two years into this season is a bust. I don't believe it, not gonna have it, not gonna hear it. They need to obviously, like you said, trade Miami needs to do whatever they can to get, like you said, mentioned Russell Wilson who also is nursing a calf injury man, there might be something in the water, I hope, I hope, I hope McCaffery and, and and and Wilson, they, they ain't drinking the same water fountain because these two hey, but Russell Wilson is definitely an a viable option because they about to have, yeah,

7 (38m 42s):
We gonna get to

15 (38m 43s):
Get to game a controversy. It's gonna be a QB controversy soon as he gets healthy and if Justin Fields is playing, keeps playing the way that he's playing right now he's three and oh, ain't no way. Hey, hey I might, hey, lemme tell you something. Sierra

7 (38m 60s):
Can start packing up

15 (39m 0s):
Again in that family. They might well go in there. Hey, they better start getting ready to take they talents to, to South Beach. Hey, because that's where it needs to be and try and, and on top of that, if he goes to South Beach, you know what I mean, where the weather is warm, that calf is going be gonna be real loose. Hey, that calf gonna be real loose down there. The weather's like about 80, 90 degrees, then you get home. Let's Sierra rub on that.

7 (39m 25s):
That might be the problem she rubbing too. Every time she rub on me and have a baby that damn get off Ru, I already got the bag. Maybe you got it. God damn.

15 (39m 35s):
Hey, hey what's, hey maybe he may, you might be, hey he might be up on them.

7 (39m 39s):
Tipco. That's what it he on every night she attacking him like Lady Eloise was attacking Eddie Murphy and Boomerang,

15 (39m 53s):
Hey that hey that cab a may be up on them tippy toes.

7 (39m 57s):
Lemme see you tip tip,

15 (39m 60s):
Tip tip on my mother flows

7 (40m 5s):
Situation like that. What there to a team os with a quarterback controversy like Russell Wilson and, and Justin Fields,

15 (40m 13s):
It's a good problem to have it. It's, it's not a bad thing and I think those guys are, are mature enough to handle that situation. Again, if I'm Tomlin, the Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh steel organization, obviously like I said, they're not gonna, I don't think they're gonna get rid of Russell at this time. Russell Wilson at this, at this point in time, especially like I said, it's early in the season, anything can happen even though and although man Justin Field is playing, he's playing lights out football definitely like you can see, you know what he does equivalent to like, like I was saying about Bryce, you put some talent around this guy, you protect the guy. Those guys are very cerebral enough, smart enough to make the throws, make great decisions down the field with the football.

15 (40m 57s):
As you can see, this is what happens when you put some, a dynamic quarterback that has the potential first round potential. You put the talent around them. This is what you get three and oh with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Totally polar opposite of what Carolina Panthers in that all trash organization in line is doing. Although they played very well for Andy Dalton again, I see DA same too. Who, who, yeah, he played for my former team, the Cincinnati Bengals. He's been on the shelf for the last couple of years or so. Now he's starting to really kinda like get back their finances groove and hey, this is May, this may be what Bryce needs to kinda like, just chill, learn a little bit, get familiar, familiar with with what's going on.

15 (41m 40s):
And then like I said, if he's inserted back into the lineup, maybe he plays better, maybe he doesn't. But if I, if, if I'm Bryce, I know he's not gonna do that because I know the type of person he is. He's not gonna request a trade. But if he wants to play, I would say from Miami Dolphins, try to do whatever you can to get him because there is some familiarity. He has the line of protection. He has a lot of weapons. Bryce's very,

7 (42m 6s):
What about warn I Jamus wins

15 (42m 7s):
To go out there and get the job done now, you know, he's always ready, you know, shoot, Jamis is always ready. Hey, he's always ready. IIII can't say how, how he's gonna play. Yeah,

7 (42m 19s):
Play, you know, he's gonna play to play. You know exactly how I got Mo wins gonna play. Now

15 (42m 27s):
If I had to say, if I had to say something about his game, I will say that he will be, he would be ready, he would be ready, he would be ready understanding and he had, and understanding the weapons that he has around him. He doesn't have to do too much. He understands that he's in a, in a situation now. Like look, I've been on the shelf. He was starting to emerge with the saint, with the New Orleans Saints when he got hurt. Unfortunate, but now, like I said, he's in a position now, he's been backing up. He's itching, he's chomping at the bit. I think obviously with the right situation, being down in Miami, long as he leaves those, you know what it, those crab legs and all this stuff where, where he at? We, we good James is my boy. You know, I'm, that's my guy.

15 (43m 8s):
But I think if any like, those are some viable options for the Miami Dolphins. If they wanna push and make a run, I in

7 (43m 16s):
That concert, I like James, but he one quarterbacks, I feel like an officer wide receiver, I have to have a talk with that motherfucker Teo, like, be hungry bro. I have to have like, like, like not in front of nobody but took a side like look fam the speeches, I love it, but I'm gonna need that speech to match the game, bro. I'm gonna be closing your eyes back here throwing that motherfucking ball to me, bro. Like, I like bro. Let, let's get down to it, bro. He know the game. He can read defenses, bro. I hate when people say he can't read defense. He can read defenses. He just, just, he gonna give a damn.

15 (43m 48s):
I think, you know, I mean there's some truth to what you said. I think as you said, the the, the production, the play has to match the speech. He's very calculated with his speeches, very spirited with his speeches. He just now needs to go out there and, and play the way.

7 (44m 7s):
That's why I think that's why I never could build those sports like that. Man. I, I commend you guys because like you say, y'all in the spotlight and you can't show certain people up. Man, I had one of the motherfucker talks with that boy, like, come on bro. But I feel like Jamon Winston deserves another shot. That's the reason why brought his name up at a, at a, at a job at the NFL quarterback Even Cam. No, no. I've been hearing his name a lot too. I don't know if Cam really wanna come back or not. I don't

15 (44m 31s):
Know. Last time I seen Cam he looked like spam, but I'm always supporting my people just being real people. Gonna wanna be honest, yo, I gotta keep, I know he with New England, I know they ain't really have nothing, but of course he wasn't a cam of old cam, but I wouldn't mind seeing him maybe getting a shot for somebody else to come in to help somebody to play like Jingo balling right now in Seattle. I mean, everybody thought Jingo career was over, went to Seattle Balling right now. Got nice check. Hey, I like what I'm seeing from Jingo right now. It is all about being afforded and given the opportunity, there's a lot of guys, including myself some years back, had the ability to continue to play, play on three or four more years but wasn't given the opportunity.

15 (45m 19s):
Cam is in that same boat for whatever reason, officer, like I said, injuries played a big part in some of his decline and what have you, but this guy has rehabbed himself, got himself better, got himself back to health. He's no different. You think about the number of backups on, on the, on the 32 teams. You can't tell me that Cam can't go in right now and, and, and, and and compete for a starting job. Especially one of these teams that are struggling right now. You know who, you know who can compete right now. Now quarterback position, do you know who could compete right now? That baby oil you got in the back, the dig head? Yeah. You doing that Charles?

15 (46m 0s):
Man, I had, Hey man, I had to slip in here sliding the show, you know, man, I had, Hey, somebody told me to slip in here, slide on there and hit the bubble. Do show man. Yeah. Hey, y'all hit that like that like button we going. It's going, it's going down tonight. Baby Bubble do my

8 (46m 19s):
Five Casino

High 5 Casino (46m 20s):
High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com, the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five Casino.

The Hollywood Reporter (46m 50s):
Have you spent a regrettable amount of time scrolling through shows and praying for something new or hearing about a show, but having no idea where to find it? We all have head over to the Hollywood reporter and check out THR charts to find a menu of all the streamer's biggest shows, what's trending reviews, and where to watch these great shows and films. The Hollywood Reporter is the source for insider entertainment news. Visit thr.com today and follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social platforms.

Visit Orlando (47m 19s):
When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.

LuckyLand Slots (47m 49s):
Lucky Lands slots, asking people, what's the weirdest place you've gotten lucky? Lucky in line at the deli, I guess. Aha. In my dentist's office more than once actually, do I have to say yes you do in the car before my kids' PTA meeting. Really? Yes. Excuse me. What's the weirdest place you've gotten Lucky I never win and tell. Well, there you have it. You could get lucky anywhere. playing@luckylandslots.com. Play for free right now. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. VGW Group avoid web prohibited by law 18 plus terms and condition supply.

Oscar Meyer (48m 19s):
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh, stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is, Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.

7 (48m 55s):
Hey Tio, man, tell little people about your candles, man. Y'all make sure you got, get in the, in the comments, man. Y'all go in already. Y'all some candles, man. You smell good candle to got going man.

15 (49m 4s):
Hey, yeah, loft 81 home.com. That's just go, just go, just go check the website. I'm not gonna give you a dissertation on the candles. If you're into camels romance, you know, Valentine's Day's coming up, you up here pretty soon and by by seven

7 (49m 18s):
No Valentines Christmas. Speaking of Valentine man. What's, what's, what's some, what's some crazy things you gonna done for Valentine's for, for a young lady? Man, what whatcha gonna done? What gonna

15 (49m 27s):
Done the craziest Ooh, valentine's. I don't know if I've done anything crazy. I mean, I've, I've, I've bought, I've bought a number of roses and flowers. Yes, I've done that before. Like, just like a big bouquet of flower. The, I think the mo Are you trying to ask me? The most romantic Doesn't

7 (49m 48s):
Have to

15 (49m 48s):
Be Valentine's. I'll tell you that. The most romantic thing I've ever done. My ex Felicia Terrell, we, we dated and I was about to, I was actually, actually, we had about to move to, to Arizona, so her favorite artist musician was Brian McKnight. So I knew, I know Brian McKnight. I was looking for, looking for a home about to purchase a place out in Paradise, paradise Valley to be exact. And in Arizona. In Arizona. So looked at the house, you know, checked it out and it was her birthday. So we went to dinner, me, her, her mom went to dinner, and then we came back to the house.

15 (50m 29s):
I don't think her mom had seen the house. So we basically got, you know, went back to the house to show mom the house. So when we got back, like I said, I'm good friends with, yeah, with B McKnight, he hoops, we do all that stuff. So I had arranged for him to her, her, one of her favorite songs was back at one. So I had had him at the house. We came in the house, he was on the piano playing, playing, playing one of her favorite songs. So that was probably the most romantic thing that I, that I ever done. You gotta think out outside of the box, you know what I mean? I'm very, I like to go, I like to go above and beyond you be tricked when needed for somebody, for somebody that I care for you. It is not tricking when you go be above and beyond for somebody that you care for. Hey, it's, I don't call it tricking, I just think it's, it's just called love.

15 (51m 11s):
It's like, you know? Yeah, it's called, it's called Showing Your Love. How

7 (51m 15s):
You, how you, how you feeling about Ja and Daniels right now with the, with the Commanders.

15 (51m 19s):
Woo. That boy, that, hey, hey, that boy, that nasty boy. Hey now, hey, you seeing a guy that using the versatility, you seeing a guy that has a line to protect him? Great coach and Dan Quinn. Dan Quinn was started out when I was his, started his career with the Cowboys when I was there. His worked his way up. Now he's the head coach. You got Cliff Kingsbury, who was the, who was that former head coach of the, the Arizona Cardinals offensive minded guy. As you can see, they're utilizing his strengths. Obviously this guy, 91%, which is a completion percentage tonight, a rookie record. That doesn't surprise me, especially considering coming off of Heisman, doing what he did at LSU.

15 (52m 2s):
Hey, the sky's the limit for this guy. They keep this guy healthy and he too, he has to protect himself. Yeah, I saw, I saw last night taking off. He gonna have to learn slide not to take so many hits. He doesn't have the biggest frame in the world. So he has to protect that little whatever frame he got and just, just to live another day. Live another play. But right now, you're, you're seeing something very special emerging.

7 (52m 26s):
They could win the division this year

15 (52m 27s):
To, and he's, oh, trust me, he's at the helm. Like I said, he's gonna, he's only gonna get better. He's just a rookie. I'm sure at some point you, they may hit that rookie wall, but as right now you see really kind of no flaws in this game at, I mean, from week one to Joe

7 (52m 44s):
Burrow nine Joe 27 for 34, 298 yard three touchdowns. W why, why is not, why is just not clicking? I mean, him and Chase is hooking up, but overall, as a team, why is not clicking? Ever since that Super Bowl run that went on

15 (52m 59s):
Every year is different. And that's the thing what everybody has to realize. If you go on the Super Bowl run or you get to that Super Bowl, the expectations, especially if you go there and you don't win it, the expectations are to go back and try to redo, redo it again. That's not always the case because every year is different. The, the, the nucleus of the team, the roster is totally different. You got new draft picks, you got free agents, you got people you know going, you know, going for the money, going trying to get their bag so they could stay. A lot of guys are not sacrificing that bag to stay, you know, just for a Super Bowl, these guys are going to get paid because there's no guaranteed contracts, you know, in the National Football League.

15 (53m 39s):
Unless you like one. You

7 (53m 41s):
Good? Oh, you good, my

15 (53m 43s):
Bad one. Unless you one of the top premier guys, guys on the team. You see that? Can you see that? See those hands? Boy, I caught that. T

7 (53m 53s):
Hey, you Hall of famer for a reason fan. We know that the, they

15 (53m 58s):
Saw those

7 (53m 59s):
Top two, that's

15 (54m 1s):
Oh yeah. That they, they, they, they ain't wrong. They they not wrong. Top two. Top two. But yeah, man, man, Cincinnati Bengals, as I was saying, every year is different. Just like the Detroit Lions last year. Now, trust me, the expectations are for the Detroit Lions to get back there. They literally, they, they, they score it. They Super Bowl stands away. They they squandered it away when they lost against the,

7 (54m 27s):
Well, they beat the cause just and Calum Murray look back to life, back down to life again.

15 (54m 34s):
Oh yeah. I mean, it's gonna take some jelling. It's gonna have to, it's gonna be a lot of kind of a, a lot of chemistry that has to be developed with obviously his receivers.

7 (54m 42s):
Martin Harrison, he got a touchdown junior

15 (54m 44s):
After the first week. It's man, yeah, he's, he's probably at the real, he's probably at the top of the, the leader board as far as touchdown. He had two in week two, and then he had I think one yesterday pro. So do I

7 (54m 55s):
Let come into consideration to contract time, touchdown yards and et cetera, et cetera.

15 (55m 1s):
Oh yeah, yeah. Production, man. It's, it's all about production, man. It's, yeah. That, that's how you, that's how you get paid, man. That's how you get paid production. It's just like tv. You know what I mean? You got, yeah, you got views, you got traction, you got people shit. We want bubble dub, you know what I mean? Hey, that's how you get paid, man. Yeah.

7 (55m 19s):
So you, so you think Detroit don't squander up? They chances you gonna think they can get back to Sure.

15 (55m 23s):
No, I'm, I'm not saying that they squandered it away. They, I

7 (55m 27s):
Mean, well you talking about they had 40 lines on the rope. You saying that that particular,

15 (55m 32s):
That part? Yeah, they, again, they should have been playing, they should have been playing in the Super Bowl and they should have been playing in the Super Bowl hands down. And again, it's all about sometimes like, Hey, it's not how you start, it's how you finish when it comes to football, basketball is always a tale of two halves. You can't just win it in the first halfs gotta finish, you gotta finish the game. You gotta finish the game in the second half. So, I mean, that's, that's what happens. And sometimes you get, you get some unlucky bounces and for, and, and as as it relates to the San Francisco score, 4 49 ERs, sometimes you get some lucky bounces, you know? Aah. The bounce that fell into brand I youth's hand. And that was, that, that was the turning point. That was the turning point in that, in that Super Bowl that turned that, that that game

7 (56m 15s):
Tio, somebody in the chest say for $10 million right now. Would you let P Diddy rub your chest down with the baby oil?

15 (56m 23s):
A absolutely. I'll let you videotape it too. Bubba. Dub, I let you, Hey, I let you videotape it too. Bubba Dub. Yes sir. Man. Yes sir. Yeah. Thank, thank I ain't, thank I won just to rub my chest down. No. Yeah, that's it. He can't, he can't go? No, he can't go further. No further than the nipples though. Can't go no further than nipples though. Bubble. Hey, I might tell him, hey, throw some vapor, vapor vs. On there. Vapor rub on there too, while you

7 (56m 58s):
Be hard a second while he rubbing that. Hold on. You fine. Take that.

15 (57m 2s):
Take that. That's all right. As soon as soon as he finish, as soon as he finished rubbing we tee going on Tee going to, to Tahiti.

7 (57m 10s):
You going Tahiti

15 (57m 12s):
Bo

7 (57m 15s):
Fly. You fly. What's going on? Them trucks brother. Swimming going on t it means

15 (57m 23s):
That's,

7 (57m 24s):
That needs to be talked about because I'm not saying you, but I'm saying I know a couple fellows that flew some women out and the women didn't wanna participate in the activities and that ain't right. It should have been discussed before they left. That's what I, that's what I'm, that's what I'm been told.

15 (57m 40s):
No, some, some things, some things that's not said should be understood.

7 (57m 43s):
Yeah. Yeah.

15 (57m 44s):
I mean some things not said should be understood. So if you, you flying over you, you, you flying over 10,000 miles, shit, it's gonna be more than some swimming going on. That sure ain't, ain't finna be no sitting around chatting around sipping on teeth.

7 (58m 1s):
There's gonna be some going on in that.

15 (58m 5s):
Oh yo. Yeah, it gonna be some deep sea diving going on. Yes sir. There gonna be some deep sea diving. Hey

7 (58m 13s):
T how, how you feel about the Jaguars right now with Trevor Lawrence that they just gave all that money to I think it's robbery. I think he robbed the bank

15 (58m 21s):
Rash. Hey, some of these camp boy, they, hey, they done stuck. They organization up robbed them in broad

7 (58m 28s):
Daylight.

15 (58m 30s):
Hey they done, hey they done robbed

7 (58m 33s):
But they be going through trainer camp like, oh it's gonna be a great season. Look at him. Look at the way is he throwing the ball. And then reckless season he throwing that motherfucker to the opposite team every time. Yo, if he throwing it to the defense on practice, you know he gonna throw, he gonna throw it to the team.

15 (58m 52s):
Hey, you're in lying. If they doing it in practice, that's just a precursor for, for what's to come for what's to come believe that. Hey, it's just like, yo, it's just like your cowboy you playing for

7 (59m 5s):
Though. You still Jerry Jones out there looking at me. How you feel about that now Teo? When you went and worked out for,

15 (59m 13s):
Hey, you said played, played. That's past tense.

7 (59m 16s):
You still though

15 (59m 18s):
Played,

7 (59m 19s):
He wrote you some checks

15 (59m 19s):
Played and he, I played, I played with the cowboy and he blame me when they cut me. I ain't got no, I got no love for Jerry Jones.

7 (59m 28s):
But you heard his comment though

15 (59m 30s):
About if j

7 (59m 32s):
Jamie

15 (59m 32s):
Fox, oh, I saw that. Yeah. Man, lemme tell you something man.

7 (59m 34s):
Is that going on from all owners? You think that,

15 (59m 38s):
Hey man, that's that none of that, none of that talk When you're not, when you're not aware that you're being recorded or on TV or something like that. Hey man, that doesn't surprise me. That doesn't that it does, it does not. Things like that from somebody like him that does not pro, that does not surprise. Kinda like

7 (59m 56s):
The Donald Sterling situation, even though he was English privacy.

15 (59m 60s):
Hey, it absolutely does not surprise me at all. And like I said, not disturb the punch, just like let, let's say like sometimes a lot of white people and not, not that every, all, all white people are the same, but they, they, they feel a certain way. They talk us, they call us that n word behind closed doors. They might not said it publicly said like you said the Donna Stern thing. Nobody probably thought he said that, but like you said, you heard what he said when the cameras and he thought nobody was listening. This's not, that's no different. That, that doesn't

7 (1h 0m 32s):
Surprise me. Sounds like slavery on would talk to me man. It does

15 (1h 0m 34s):
Not surprise. Hey, we've already discussed that even during the pandemic when he was talking about, you know, getting rid of the guys if they, they stood up for, for, for Kaepernick or, or stood up for the rights of, of black in support of the George Floyd thing. He was talking about cutting guys. That's that mentality period. So it doesn't that doesn't surprise me.

7 (1h 0m 55s):
Yeah, before you jumped on, that's not Surpris was switching goods before you jumped on. I was saying prayers for Alabama, you know, it's a mad shooting down there. I know you from Birmingham.

15 (1h 1m 4s):
Yeah, Birmingham. Yeah. My brother, me and my brother was just talking about that. Yeah, it was some club called Hush and I think another one was was Onyx. Yeah, my, my brother we, we, he talked to him earlier about that, but man, it's unfortunate man. Just, it just seems like this, this, I mean, us as a country man, it's just like, we just kind of just gotten outta hand, bro. Like there's, there's, there's just, just feel like people just don't have, just realize that, feel like they just don't have no consequences for their actions. Like none. Like there's no regard for anything. No regard for human life, their own life.

15 (1h 1m 44s):
It, it is, honestly, it's it, we are as a country, it's, it's a, it's a sad state that we're in right now. Very, very sad

7 (1h 1m 52s):
Right

15 (1h 1m 52s):
Now. And

7 (1h 1m 53s):
Being able to get your hands on them kind of automatic weapons, man, it's so easy these days to, I mean, kids, 12 and 13 year olds getting their hands on dracos and, and you know, all these kind of automatic weapons bro. And

15 (1h 2m 5s):
Man, like I said, the gun laws, all of those things have to, they have to be changed man. They have to be re revised.

7 (1h 2m 12s):
I would just watch the Young do case, I don't know if you're familiar with it, to, they was, they just come out today and they were showing the shooter. The shooter couldn't even shoot the gun bro. He was just jumping all outta his hand bro. And

15 (1h 2m 25s):
Oh yeah, it was, yeah, he, he was, I saw he, he, he took that hit

7 (1h 2m 30s):
And give eight though. He give 800 to, that's why he talking.

15 (1h 2m 36s):
Not even, not, not even only just 800. He finna get behind. Oh he

7 (1h 2m 41s):
Gonna get some time. But the dude he telling on right now, he gonna need to come to court. It's over.

15 (1h 2m 47s):
Hey them $800. You might as well just put some gasoline on that $800. Just that little 805 because I mean, to,

7 (1h 2m 57s):
To, to kill a icon but just to kill anybody bro. Fuck

15 (1h 3m 2s):
Bro. He say he didn't even know the dude or the dude that he, yeah, he say he

7 (1h 3m 5s):
Know he ain't never met.

15 (1h 3m 6s):
He didn't even, no, bro. That's, that's ridiculous. And it, it just further complicates things. The mentality of us as a black community bro, that's black on black crime bro. Black on black crime, bro. That's like, like you said, Dolph is is is one of the icons, music icons for our culture, for our community. Like bro, this dude was taking stripped away from us bro. Just from, for 40 grand. It's like 40 grand is not gonna change your life. Just like those PPP loans that, that that Donald Trump gave these clowns. That's, that's, that's jumping on the bandwagon to vote this clown back in the office. Bro, that money is not life changing.

15 (1h 3m 48s):
What are you going, what do you, what you think you gonna do with 40 grand bro? Like, you really gonna risk your, your, your life for 40 grand. Like I guarantee granted it's more than it's tax free dollars. Whatever the case, just say it's executed out. I mean, you get it. But bro, that's not even gonna like, bro, you going, you gonna probably burn through that shit

7 (1h 4m 7s):
Quicker than that.

15 (1h 4m 10s):
I the

7 (1h 4m 11s):
Ain't gonna last you if you ain't never had money like that bro with no education on bro. You gone bro. Man, trust me. I know

15 (1h 4m 20s):
Boy yo going burn through that like a cigarette with in, in gasoline with kerosene though.

7 (1h 4m 26s):
I thought I was telling her it's, it's like, you know, one bad decision can cost you your life, man. Sometimes you gotta sit back and think is it worth it? Like, and it's not even if it's justified, I don understand. But this, like you said, dude didn't even know bro, he would've gave you 800 bro some on some other stuff, bro. He wasn't even, bro,

15 (1h 4m 47s):
I ain't telling a lie. Had I, nigga, I would've gave nigga five grand bro not to, not to go through with it, bro. This, this is, I wasn't

7 (1h 4m 54s):
Thought shit. I gave, I gave him the law. Lemme find out he wanted to go kill somebody bro. See you going to jail,

15 (1h 5m 3s):
Bro. We've lost so many artists and key people in our, in, in, in, in our community, man, black community over the last four or five years, but within the last really two to three years. It's Quavo. I mean take off bro. I mean take off, take off a minute. I mean bro, just so many just, just senseless. That was at a bowling alley, bro. Like, over just, just nonsense. Just nonsense man. That's why bro, I try to, I start, I try to keep a low profile man. I I try to just, you know, live day, day by day, enjoy the time that I got here left on earth, man. Because like I said, I'm 50, bro. I'm on, I like, I try to equate this to, to a golf course.

15 (1h 5m 45s):
I'm, I'm, I'm at hold nine bro shit this year, nigga, I'm I'm gonna be on the back nine. Yeah, you get what I'm saying? And ain't going, ain't no starting over. Once I hit that back now, bro, that's on the decline. You, you looking at you, you, you staring, you staring your maker in the, in, in the, in the mirror. You, you, you looking in the mirror at yourself like, yo, this is, it ain't gonna be too much longer. So you just gotta enjoy life, man. Like I said, enjoying my kids man or daughter's going to school in college. My son is on the verge. Get back in the league, you know, so, so man, I'm just, I'm just enjoying like, man, I'm on, look at this man. I'm on the Buma Dove show. No. You know what I mean? You don't get, he don't get no better than this dog, you know what I mean?

7 (1h 6m 26s):
Nah, but I for you to say, but you don't get no bigger than me then for you to better come on my show, bro. Like, you know, you Hall of Famer bro. One of the greatest receivers to ever do this. You know, we grew up watching you, bro, and you know, doing what you do. You did. You grew up watching me. My brother was the biggest 49 fan ever. And that's where you got drafted in 49. Because bro, so I been knowing about you plus I gotta get you,

15 (1h 6m 50s):
Oh, so you, you, you wasn't a fan, you just, your brother wasn't No, I

7 (1h 6m 53s):
Was weren't No, I wasn a fan of you bro. You one of them one. You know why I liked the most for the everything people hate on you about because I'm same way, I'm very, I'm, I'm going, I'm gonna talk that talk that's me. I'm yeah. Out. Let

15 (1h 7m 6s):
You know. Yeah. I mean very outspoken. You're unapologetic, you're transparent. That's where you should be in life, you know what I mean? And have some diplomacy about certain things, a little coth about some things. But at the end of the day, you know, you gotta be real for it. You gotta gotta be real. And that's, I think a lot of people respect

7 (1h 7m 26s):
That. Sure. I mean definitely gotta respect. Matter of fact, I would get seeing some, I'm might get your take on this on Reggie Wayne, you how

15 (1h 7m 37s):
Reggie Wayne in Indiana? Yeah, Indiana, Indianapolis. Coach receiver. I mean, I think, I mean I have to look at his stats. I mean obviously that's, that's,

7 (1h 7m 47s):
I'll tell you in there what they

15 (1h 7m 49s):
Dunno

7 (1h 7m 50s):
As of my, I bro Andre Johnsons

15 (1h 7m 55s):
Oh, oh, when he didn't get in, man, that's, that's

7 (1h 7m 58s):
They the same

15 (1h 7m 59s):
Man. That's interesting. That's interesting. And Reggie Wayne won a super, did he win a Super Bowl? Wow. So, so now, like you said, now you kinda, but

7 (1h 8m 9s):
They saying but, but they saying Andre can have a quarterback like him is what they saying. I know, I know. Move a gold post every time. But

15 (1h 8m 18s):
I, what, what does that have to do with him stating his case or when you look at the criteria for getting in, that doesn't factor it. Well if that's the case, I should have got in on the first time if, well

7 (1h 8m 31s):
We knew why you talking just pump hate. We just, we know that to

15 (1h 8m 36s):
Right. But I'm trying to get people to kinda see the, the, the, like you said the shift in the criteria. And like you said, you're talking about moving the goalposts. That makes no sense if it's based on

7 (1h 8m 47s):
Quarterback, same

15 (1h 8m 49s):
Pros, like I said, same

7 (1h 8m 50s):
Push down. Wow. Same.

15 (1h 8m 52s):
I again, I didn't

7 (1h 8m 53s):
Name all pros.

15 (1h 8m 54s):
Wow. I I I get it. I didn't even know. And Andre Johnson, my, he definitely

7 (1h 8m 59s):
Should be in, he got in. I feel like Wayne should

15 (1h 9m 1s):
Be in two. I have I again, bro, I couldn't even tell you as somebody, it took three, three times to get in. When I, when I left the game, I was second, third and fourth all the time behind the greatest receiver of all time. And it took me three times to get in. I don't know what to tell you.

7 (1h 9m 18s):
It's Alaw

15 (1h 9m 19s):
System. You asking the wrong guy. Oh, I mean, yeah, I've, I've been said that they, they, they can't do nothing for tea.

High 5 Casino (1h 9m 26s):
High five Casino, high five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com, high five Casino.

The Hollywood Reporter (1h 9m 58s):
The Hollywood Reporter is the definitive source of entertainment news where we tell the entertainment stories insiders need to know and deliver Hollywood culture to those who crave it. Stay in the know of all the entertainment, news and updates you'd ever need with a Hollywood reporter. Go to thr.com for round the clock, breaking news, film and TV reviews, original video content and continuous coverage of business, lifestyle and entertainment stories. Visit thr.com and follow us on all social platforms at Hollywood Reporter for your daily dose of entertainment news.

Visit Orlando (1h 10m 28s):
If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh, new dining experiences, outdoor adventures, and Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.

Oscar Meyer (1h 10m 57s):
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar my smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh, stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now

Lenovo (1h 11m 28s):
When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo pro Lenovo Lenovo,

7 (1h 12m 2s):
No matter how you feel about a person personally, it shouldn't affect what they dig on their field. We talking about on the field. And like they, they continually to move the goalpost every time, man. And I don't know who got who get the votes. I want, I wanna know like, is it former players or like who get the votes to yo

15 (1h 12m 23s):
It's media and now they have, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's like maybe two or three former players now. I don't know. Maybe have your, your, your producer look that up. We, we need to get a underdog for The Bubba Dub Show to get us that immediate information, get us that immediate information. Bubba Dub, I don't know what we're gonna call it. The we can't call him the underdog. That that's, that's been taken. We gotta we gotta call 'em something. Yeah. The under the, under the trash can, under the lead or something. We need to, we need, we need some immediate information. Yeah,

7 (1h 13m 1s):
We need some trash can

15 (1h 13m 3s):
Man. Yeah, exactly. But man again, it's obviously, it's, it's it's media and then I think now they have a few, I don't know how many former players that there are on, on the committee to vote. But, but yeah, most of it is, like I said, it is media and I think a few, I think a couple of, a few players, former players now. But I don't, like I say I don't need concern

7 (1h 13m 28s):
Myself with it. Yeah, you that you got your gold jacket.

15 (1h 13m 31s):
Yeah, they they, yeah they did me dirty. So they can go pound sand. All

7 (1h 13m 35s):
I care when I say this name, I want you to let me know when you hear this name, what it means to you and how did you view them as a football player, Lawrence Taylor.

15 (1h 13m 48s):
Oh, from what I saw mean, shoot, I would've loved to have been on the offensive side 'cause you know that him on that defense.

7 (1h 13m 56s):
They good, good

15 (1h 13m 56s):
Too. They gonna get the ball. Hey man, I don't care what he was on, long as I late, long as he eliminated that, that, that that offense, that opposing offense from scoring and, and, and, and, and put the offense, our offense on the field. Quick, fast in a hurry. Three it out. I'm, I'm loving that. I'm loving that. I'm, I'm just hoping Pin Moore like him Pin Moore hunting. Mm,

7 (1h 14m 21s):
Hunting

15 (1h 14m 23s):
All, hey all, all time. Gr I didn't watch football like that growing up, but I didn't live up on a rock either. Once I started hearing about football and, and kind of seeing, you know, following some games like you heard the New York Giants, Phil Sims, all these, these great running backs. Then like I said, you got Orange Taylor like he, he, he was a

7 (1h 14m 45s):
Troops Eddie George,

15 (1h 14m 46s):
Like when you oh, workhorse, Ohio State man, Tennessee Titans. He was one of those guys just man, I mean she made, made the most of his years in the league. Man. Like stellar, stellar human being played solid was a low to to to to handle. You know, just watching from the sideline. He, he wasn't, no, he wasn't a easy tapper.

7 (1h 15m 15s):
So if y'all just now tuning into this show, make sure y'all hit the like button, hit the subscribe button, getting the comments and chat. Let me know if y'all wanna see me and to do our thing on the late night distance.

PrizePicks (1h 15m 26s):
If you watching the show, then you gotta know your show being presented by prize picks, you know, using my promo code trash with the t with the two Hs. T-R-A-S-H-H for the first time users you put you, you could on your first five lineup, they gonna give you $50. They got that thing over. There's just called more or less so on prize picks. They might have Dak Prescott this Thursday night against New York John Slater to have 265 yard passing. You just put more or less they may have Zeke to have 40 yard passes, 40 yards running. Since you ain't better to run the ball, you just more or less over that prize pick man, you wanna make some money go over there. Prize picks use my promo code man. You can spend $15 a win, 1500 real tall.

15 (1h 16m 9s):
Oh yeah, that's, that, that sound like it sound like some good prize picks right there. I would bet, I would bet the over the, on that 2 65 for DI just ain't gonna bet on the win that wins and losses though. I ain't gonna bet on to win. I bet on the yards, but I just ain't, I ain't betting on 'em to win.

7 (1h 16m 25s):
That's, it's gonna be a long season up up there in Dallas. I'm, I'm hearing some concerns in Kansas City right now. T you hearing anything up there with, with with Mahomes them right now? Yeah, you know, concerns

15 (1h 16m 39s):
I have no concern Long as the reps keep helping them. Well why would you

7 (1h 16m 42s):
Say such a thing like that to Thes? Come on now,

15 (1h 16m 45s):
Bro. Bro, lemme tell you something man, they are getting so much help from the lead. It is unreal. I I I mean they, they they're getting a lot of publicity with, with, with, with Taylor Swift and, and and, and my guy Travis Kelsey. Now that, that you look, you you watch Yes,

7 (1h 17m 5s):
I do the Super

15 (1h 17m 5s):
Bowl. Yes. They let him get away with the, they they let him get away with all the holding. Man. It's, it's unbelievable man. And then last night, man, you saw the, the man I, I just posted after I just saw this pad. The, the, the game tonight, the, the referees man, they need a refresher, a refresher course on passing inter finish in passing interference. No, for real. They need a, a a, an immediate refresher course on past interfering. Man, I, those guys during, during training camp, they go to, they go to different teams or whatever and they supposed to work on their craft as far as how they officiate the game. Those g those guys went to sleep. They took a lot of lunch breaks or something because bro, it's unbelievable at the obvious pass interference calls that are not being caught, bro, this, it's causing teams games, bro.

15 (1h 17m 53s):
I agree with that. Like this is this, it's causing, bro, just think of this was like the playoffs, bro. It would be an uproar right now, this is the beginning of season, bro. The, the, the the, the pi on the 11 Falcon guy left, bro, that was obvious. Like, bro, how do you not, how do you miss that? And then tonight the Bengals go for two, bro. The dude that was was in his jersey, it was obvious past interference, bro. These are, these are egregious calls, man. That needs to be officiated, man. Like bro, it's, and I I I would be scared, like I said to, to bet my money on some of these games, bro. I would be livid.

15 (1h 18m 33s):
I would be livid. That's why I don't be, that's why I don't bet on these games, I would be livid because man, you can't really go with the officiating the the integrity of the officiating right now is terrible. It's out the window. It's straight trash. It's garbage. You, you got trash mine's gonna be garbage.

7 (1h 18m 53s):
Garbage. You straight who, you know my, you know who my surprise football team is right now? It's the Vikings Sam Dawn,

15 (1h 19m 3s):
Now that they'll Sleeper pick, they'll sleeper pick. I I I would go with that. I'll ride with that. But hey, it's never how you start. I agree with that. Like things gonna a again not take this is not to take anything they're playing well, but it's

7 (1h 19m 17s):
The good division though. They with the Packers, they with the bears and

15 (1h 19m 21s):
I get it. I get it bro. Everything is gonna sh bro. Trust me, there's a bunch of injuries to a lot of like household name like primetime players already and we're not even, we're not even quarter away into the season yet. And, we already got some a j Brown names, some key teams that are off, right? Yeah, they're already out now. Devonte Smith may be out next week with possible concussion. You got CMC, you got Deebo, you got Kittle. That was out this week.

7 (1h 19m 51s):
Ju so down And, we, we, we don't know when we expect him back.

15 (1h 19m 55s):
Lemme tell you something, I I love to tour. Trust me, he ain't gotta retire. Trust me. The game is gonna retire him. He, he ain't gotta retire. Trust me. And I, I, I respect his, his mentality. I respect him wanting to go out on his own turn. Trust me. That's why that that's how he wanna go out. Trust me, it's going to happen because Drew, you can't bro, his head is like a bowl of yellow right now. I'm telling you bro, he can't, he can't fall up a bicycle right now and he ain't, he gonna, he gonna have a concussion. I I'm just, bro, I'm being, I'm being dead serious bro. I'm being serious right now bro. I feel, I feel from him from a standpoint of wanting to play the game that he loves.

15 (1h 20m 35s):
But bro, his body, like his head is not, it's not gonna, he's not gonna make it bro. Even when he comes back, he gonna take these four, four weeks off Ir and then it may take another week or two to evaluate him once he gets back in the game. You got to that, that'd be like what, round week eight or nine you got to bank or have a rabbit's foot in your pocket to think that you're not gonna get hit or you're not gonna hit the ground where he obviously had concussions, you know, bro, it's not, it's not gonna happen. Trust me, the game is gonna retire him. He doesn't, he ain't gonna trust me. He doesn't want to and, and, and that's his right to feel that way. And, and, and it's gonna, and and that organization, I don't know what type of contract or whatever waiver or something li they gonna do something bro.

15 (1h 21m 20s):
'cause they gonna be li before for this guy's health not being so great when he leaves the game. If they allow him to play, if they allow him to play, he'll be back to you. He gonna be back million

7 (1h 21m 34s):
Reason why he gonna be back this season.

15 (1h 21m 37s):
I totally, I I totally understand that. I totally understand that. But at some point, bro, in this situation, bro, he's had like four or five conduct, conduct concussions and went what, three however many years. And even in the last, last, last two years, he had three. Yeah bro, bro, he didn't even, bro, he barely even did anything. He initiated the contact, the concussion he just had and went bro. It wa it was, that was a pedestrian type of wanted

7 (1h 22m 8s):
Even tackle. But what I wanna to t is on that, on the same team, when you got a team like that and y'all on the verge of, you know, feel like y'all could really go into the postseason to do something and you know, you lose your quarterback like that, then y'all bring in Scholar Thompson and he's not it, as

15 (1h 22m 24s):
You see

7 (1h 22m 25s):
As players on that team, you go to the coach or do your agent or something,

15 (1h 22m 31s):
There's nothing you can do. Bubba, Dub, bubble duck. There's, there's, there's nothing, there's nothing a player can do. All you can do is just ride it out, do your job, be professional, go to practice every day, do what you need to do, attend meetings and hope for the best on Sunday because you know, you don't have the best, the best of the best at, at the quarterback position as an offensive coordinator, as a head coach. Now you're gonna have to cater your offense around a backup who is not as great as your number one. But you're gonna try to find an efficient and effective game plan to to, to try to help, you know, find a rhythm and a groove to win some ball games.

15 (1h 23m 13s):
Because right now, like I said, your your, your play, your playbook is gonna be really condensed. It's gonna be limited because of the quality of quarterback that you're playing with from, from week to week at this point.

7 (1h 23m 25s):
I like how you brought that down because broke that down because my thinking was, was totally opposite the way you saying that. But you all right though, you just gotta to keep your mouth closed. Go work and do your job and just pray for the best on that, right?

15 (1h 23m 37s):
Because I mean what, right, why, why, why, why, why create a but the reason

7 (1h 23m 42s):
Why, what you gotta receive that's in a contract year.

15 (1h 23m 49s):
That's, that's not the ideal situation. What can you do? You can't throw it and catch it.

7 (1h 23m 53s):
Do a team hold against you when you go in there for that new contract and they like, well,

15 (1h 23m 60s):
Well, yeah, I mean your agent, yeah, I mean that that that'd be a negotiating, you know, NN negotiation, you know, tactic or negotiation, negotiating factor going into to to a, the end of the season knowing that you didn't have, you know, obviously you're number one quarterback when

7 (1h 24m 20s):
You say do people keep screaming brain cap back ka, Finnish.

15 (1h 24m 27s):
Look man, like I, it's the same with with with with Cam Newton, bro. They're not gonna, if they wanted to, they would. I honestly that's just, just that's pretty cut and dry, plain and simple as I can say, if they wanted to, if anybody, any organization, any owner, any owner wanted to take on that, take on that responsibility to bring him in. Even,

7 (1h 24m 50s):
Even if they brought him in, I would only see my brother back. But Cam full of that Black Panther cat right now. Shit man, cam ain't come in there and do nothing And, we all know how them sisters is in that Black Panther party. See

15 (1h 25m 7s):
I so, so you, you, you saying Kemp, you saying Kemp can't, can't

7 (1h 25m 10s):
Do No, I never say what nobody can't do it. He can't do, I just feel like, you know, I don't think his mind then I know he keeps saying he want play. I just don't think his mind, I think he probably physically do it.

15 (1h 25m 21s):
Well we can't Right, we can't judge him in on his, on his mental either. If you can't judge a man on his physical, then how can you judge

7 (1h 25m 28s):
A man on his mental cop? He showed us that.

15 (1h 25m 30s):
Oh. Because that what do you mean you showed he hasn't been back on the field.

7 (1h 25m 34s):
He took throwing that ball, that ball that little m camp he had two or three years ago.

15 (1h 25m 43s):
Man, man,

7 (1h 25m 44s):
Shit, that's the game

15 (1h 25m 45s):
Too. You get, you, you, you get, you, you get in an environment, a controlled environment where you are around professionals

7 (1h 25m 52s):
Bro. Trust. I'm my owner. I'm not signing Cap.

15 (1h 25m 57s):
Hey, well I'll

7 (1h 25m 57s):
Go out and get James Winston. You,

15 (1h 25m 59s):
You hey well go get James Winston then. Hey I'll ride with that. I'll ride with that.

7 (1h 26m 6s):
Damn, I'm right. I like Winston. I want Winston get another chance. I with that man. I really do. I also, I'll also like you say, I would like, 'cause even Nick, Nick Saban said what you said earlier, they gonna have the right players around Bryce Young up there in Carolina, enough talent in around him right now to help him. So,

15 (1h 26m 25s):
Right. Yeah. You can't, yeah, it's the same with Mac Jones that was in, in with the New England Patriots. He played the night, witnessed

7 (1h 26m 33s):
Those guys. That's how bad Trevor Lawrence

15 (1h 26m 35s):
Was. Oh, I know. No, they were, they were getting, hey, they were getting the, the dog

7 (1h 26m 41s):
Night. When you see Man Jones, you know, you in trouble. I ain't got nothing against, but when you see Man Jones in the game, it's either

15 (1h 26m 48s):
Injury,

7 (1h 26m 49s):
Death

15 (1h 26m 50s):
Of trouble.

7 (1h 26m 51s):
That's all I'm saying. It can't be good to

15 (1h 26m 54s):
Yo Hey they, hey, they were getting dragged tonight. Guess who, guess who dragged him? Yeah,

7 (1h 27m 0s):
Buffalo. The, the jersey you got on tonight. Yeah. Team you played for, who was your quarterback? Magic man.

15 (1h 27m 8s):
Yeah, I had fi initially I had Trent Edwards. I'm pissed off with Trent Edwards. He broke my street of consecutive games with a, with a, with a pass the whole game. Man,

7 (1h 27m 19s):
I, I really get drunk, man.

15 (1h 27m 21s):
Come and, and then, then the later on the season injuries, some things happened. He wasn't, and then Trent wasn't playing so well. So with the offensively, like I said, it is one of those, one of those things where as an offense, you know that a person, a your, especially a quarterback not playing well in the back of your mind, like man, something needs to happen to try to make a change. You never want an injury to happen. But it is either by bad play that he gets removed

7 (1h 27m 49s):
What you're saying, your mind, you like, gotta

15 (1h 27m 52s):
Go, lemme finish my Yeah, exactly. At some point, somehow, some way in the back of your mind, like, yo, we're like, as a receiver, you are like, I can't do what I need to do to become, be successful because he's not playing well. The team, as a team, as an offensive unit, we can't put no points on the ball. We on the board, we can't move the ball. Especially, we can't throw the ball down the field. 'cause he can't, he's not making the right reads, you know, ball is inaccurate. So their frustration sets in, trust me down in Miami. Ja, waddle and Tyreek here. Oh, trust me. Oh trust me. Hey, hey, that water boiling right now. But hey, it's on low.

15 (1h 28m 33s):
Hey is he? No it's on, it's on. Boil it, it ain't boiling just yet, but it's, hey, it's on heat, it, it, it, it's heating up. But to my point, when he, when I was in that in Buffalo, like I said it was, it was, it was just in, in the back of your mind like, yo, something has to happen because you want, like I said, if you know the season is not really going the way that you want, then you start looking at personal statistic, you start looking at personal goals, the team goes out the window 'cause you heart shit man, we ain't finna win, we ain't gonna win the division. Mm. You start looking at the schedule, shoot, we, we might beat them, we ain't gonna beat them. But you go to practice every day with that week of enthusia like that, like you can win. But then as the game unfolds, like shit, you kind of just back start bagging, mailing it in.

15 (1h 29m 17s):
So toward around like eight week, 8, 9, 10, you start making them vacation, you start making plans. Huh? You start making some vacation plans. But man, but typically, yeah, as a receiver man, you want to be successful. And I've always said as a receiver you can't throw it and catch it. And that was one of those things like when the transition became, like I said, I think he played bad a few, few games. Speaking of Trent Edwards, when I was, my last year at Buffalo, he started playing, playing bad and then I think he, he ended up getting hurt. Very unfortunate. Not not the way you want to, you know, obviously make make a change another guard. But when, when, when Ryan Fitzpatrick stepped in there, I, I wasn't even, I wasn't even leading in yards or anything.

15 (1h 29m 60s):
When, when he came in and, and made, made it start by the end of the season, I let, I let the team in reception yards and everything because I had a seasoned quarterback, a vet back there who threw the ball, who knew where to where to throw it, who to get it to, how to get it to him when needed. And bro, like I said, I let the, I let I take the

7 (1h 30m 18s):
Team side of

15 (1h 30m 19s):
You world. Yeah, Lee Evans, that's what I'm saying. And he was like probably 10 years younger than me. Same one. I the same when I went to, when I went to Cincinnati, it was my free agent year. I didn't get signed to like a month before, before training camp started in Cincinnati. They brought in Antonio o' Bryant. We both went in for during the free agent period in March. Met with the coach, met with the organization, they signed him only because, not because of my skillset, my talent, 'cause I ball, I had just balled out in Buffalo. Yep. I was 37, he was 27, 10 years younger than me. That's the only reason. And then guess what?

15 (1h 30m 59s):
I end up, they passed him on a, on a physical when he was actually hurt, paid him eight and a half, ended up cutting him, brought me in a month and a half. I only got one and a half to, to sign and I end up and I told Chad this the other day too, I ended up out playing Chad who was with his quarterback for like nine, 10 years. So that just shows you like my ability, my skillset, there's nothing wrong with it. Just put me on the field and let me rock you Rock.

7 (1h 31m 28s):
We, we, we all witnessed that for sure.

15 (1h 31m 32s):
Yeah. I'm gonna rock wherever I am. I'm gonna rock you coming on the Boa Dub show. We gonna, we gonna rock. Alright,

7 (1h 31m 40s):
Gimme your prediction before we get up properly. Gimme your predictions. On Thursday night, Cowboys giants,

15 (1h 31m 48s):
Cowboy Giant.

7 (1h 31m 49s):
You should said that.

15 (1h 31m 50s):
I mean talent. Nah, nah, not talent wise. I mean on paper, on, on pa on paper I say cowboys but I, I just can't, the the giants, they, they can only take so much losing bro. They can only take so much losing. So it's only gonna, it is gonna be a matter of time. Look good y get stuff together and I know, and like I say, it's only be a matter of time before they get their stuff together. And it could be Thursday night when they get their stuff together. I know that ain't nothing. I hope it ain't, I hope it's not what, it's probably not what you wanna see. But if I'm a betting man, I would probably cowboy, I would say the Cowboys. But, but that, but but again, it won't surprise me if they lose

7 (1h 32m 33s):
Me at this point, at this point. Me either. It wouldn't surprise me if they lose either.

15 (1h 32m 38s):
Lemme tell you something I don't even understand. I I'm, I'm still, I'm still, I'm still stuck on this thought about the running game. Who, who owes your money back? Honestly, Mike, bro. I, this is, this is, this is, I'm not trying to be funny bro. If they brought Zeke back, bro, they could have brought me back. No, no, I'm being dead. I that ain't bro. T

7 (1h 33m 1s):
We know you still in shape bro, bro, I'm trying to figure out, we know, we know you cut like that.

15 (1h 33m 4s):
I'm just trying to understand. No, I'm saying, I I'm saying that to say is I don't understand why they brought him back. What, what for what usage on the offense when you're not consistently running him. Well he saying he

7 (1h 33m 18s):
24. He said that come out his mouth.

15 (1h 33m 22s):
They, he said

7 (1h 33m 23s):
What he couldn't afford. Derrick Henry said,

15 (1h 33m 25s):
Man you saw my re you saw my response. It was all laughing emojis. All laughing emojis.

7 (1h 33m 33s):
I ain't never seen nothing like it. Man. You,

15 (1h 33m 35s):
You, you, bro. It's it's unbelievable

High 5 Casino (1h 33m 39s):
High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five Casino.

The Hollywood Reporter (1h 34m 10s):
Have you spent a regrettable amount of time scrolling through shows and praying for something new or hearing about a show but having no idea where to find it? We all have head over to the Hollywood reporter and check out THR charts to find a menu of all the streamers biggest shows, what's trending reviews and where to watch these great shows and films. The Hollywood Reporter is the source for insider entertainment news. Visit thr.com today and follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social platforms.

Visit Orlando (1h 34m 39s):
If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Or Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.

Oscar Meyer (1h 35m 8s):
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now

Lenovo (1h 35m 39s):
When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.

20 (1h 36m 6s):
Lenovo

15 (1h 36m 13s):
Lemme tell you something, Dak, he can say all the right things in the media, but when he lay his head down tonight, he's laughing. All the

7 (1h 36m 22s):
So bad.

15 (1h 36m 23s):
Hey, hey he, he got them. And I guarantee especially with the tension that that that it was before he actually got, before he got signed, you saw the little, you started to hear some of the little snarky remarks in the media toward management. So that ain't just gonna go away just because you got paid for me. Okay, I got, I got what I, I got what I wanted. I stay

7 (1h 36m 44s):
On hook for him though.

15 (1h 36m 44s):
Lose the draw. I don't know. 240, just at least half of that. 200, 2 40 I would say at least half of that.

7 (1h 36m 55s):
So whatever they say guaranteed he gotta get them. He didn't, they cut, he got

15 (1h 36m 59s):
No whatever. I don't, I don't know what he

7 (1h 37m 1s):
Guaranteed was. Hey I was that guaranteed.

15 (1h 37m 3s):
You know what? Whatever his guaranteed is,

7 (1h 37m 6s):
That's what,

15 (1h 37m 10s):
That's what he's going to get. And him being a quarterback

7 (1h 37m 12s):
I think, I think the whole two 40 guaranteed to

15 (1h 37m 17s):
Well shit D Deshaun, Jack Deshaun, Watson or that could be fixed guaranteed.

7 (1h 37m 22s):
He just not getting the massages they need to let him get,

15 (1h 37m 27s):
Hey man, I don't know. I can't, hey, I can't come in on what a man is getting 90. Think

7 (1h 37m 31s):
About it. T

15 (1h 37m 32s):
All I know is he.

7 (1h 37m 32s):
Tiger Wood was out here doing

15 (1h 37m 33s):
What All I know is they get no shit

7 (1h 37m 36s):
Fucking everything and was winning. What's that? Soon as he got caught, he ain't really won nothing else. That Bigga Mojo, I feel like that Bigga Mojo is some people, whatever they got going on, nobody knows about only a certain few in they wing Bigga Mojo. Soon as they come in want to clean him up. Come on t man. This man say he was going to therapy. Safe Street

15 (1h 37m 58s):
Stop. Nah, yeah it's, it says right, it's a routine some when you're in, when your routine is interrupted and sometimes people may not know how to adjust

7 (1h 38m 7s):
2 31 routine.

15 (1h 38m 9s):
Guaranteed that Hey there you have it there you have it.

7 (1h 38m 17s):
That's why we getting mediocre play right now.

15 (1h 38m 22s):
That's, that's, that's why Hey, and hey, he ain't tripping bro. At the end of the day, man, Jerry Jones really don't care if they win or lose because he's winning. He's winning. Regardless. Win lose or Draw, he has the number one, the biggest stadium he has the the number one Jersey sale, merchandise sale he has, he's selling out the, the, the, the Jerry's world with, with concerts

7 (1h 38m 49s):
Shows. See Mike Tyson fight coming up too. All types shows with Jake Paul,

15 (1h 38m 52s):
Bro. Trust me. So if he honestly, he's win win regardless. Yeah, he's winning regardless. And that's what people un has to understand. He's gonna say all the right things to the media and to his fans or what have, of course you wanna win the Super Bowl. But he knows that he, there's not no Super Bowl coming, coming, coming there no time soon, bro. We long as we may live. Papa Duck ain't not, it ain't no, ain't no ain't no Super Bowl coming through Dallas.

7 (1h 39m 18s):
Damn Teo ain't hurt. That hurt not hurt. That's a Dallas fan.

15 (1h 39m 22s):
No, no, I'm just, I, I'm, I'm I bro, ain't no Super Bowl coming through Dallas bro. That's just, that's based on what

7 (1h 39m 28s):
If we get Coast Prime, they bring in shit

15 (1h 39m 31s):
Owner, owner, ownership, management, all those things factor into, 'cause at the end of the day, bro, they look good on paper. You know you got guys on podcasts, they bumping they gun, they saying this and that and the other. They ain't really backing that up. Hey, you might wanna back away from that mic just for a little bit just to kind of get your rhythm going because right now you, you, you making yourself look really bad on these podcasts saying this and that and the other and you're not producing no wins. Yeah, you may produce, they may go on the hot street, they may get win win the division, win enough, win enough games to get to the playoffs. But what are you gonna do when week come week one of the playoffs come? You gotta get beyond week one. You gotta get beyond week two.

15 (1h 40m 13s):
If, if Jerry were to get to the NC championship, he won. If he gets to the NFC championship, he's winning. He's winning already because he's, they're their, the season is sold out every year. Merchandise Sales Jersey Sales bro. Concessions. Think about the number of games, all the, the money that's poured into that venue, bro. He's banking every day, bro. He's, he's laughing all the way to the bank. If he were to get to the Super Bowl, bro, that's icing on the cake for the Cowboys. But he don't really care. He's a businessman. Businessman gonna do what they need to do to keep the lights on. And trust me, he got enough money to keep the whole, the whole United States lights on and you best believe that.

15 (1h 40m 57s):
So trust me, he ain't really tripping. These fans are just so enamored. They want just like you pop that y'all want the Cowboys to win. Trust me, this is all good for this time of the year, the football season. Good barbershop talk, good podcast talk. Good for you to make your skits. Trust me, you, hey, I'm gonna have to send you my, my, my, my doctor send you some, some blood pressure. I leave

7 (1h 41m 19s):
I'm

15 (1h 41m 20s):
Medicine. Hey, hey, hey man. Hey, we gonna have to do a, a life check on you after these damn cowboy game because I I we can't stand to lose.

7 (1h 41m 30s):
Hey they till they say Jerry Jones need to go to jail for fraud. 'cause he been lying to us all the years. Hey man, he got a product, he got a product and he know how can sell it. That's all.

15 (1h 41m 48s):
Hey, I said all of that for the word that you just said.

7 (1h 41m 52s):
Fraud. Yeah, yeah,

15 (1h 41m 56s):
From bro, I'm telling you, I told somebody this, I told this, I told what I just told you. I told somebody about, probably about, probably five, six months ago, they was like, man, I never really thought of it that way. He said, t you might be onto something. I'm like, bro, he's a businessman. Look at the money, the revenue that he's bringing in. He, the season tickets are sold out every year. Like I told you, the jersey sales from each of the individual, he get a cut of that. Like I said, think about the, the, the, the contracts that comes through there at that venue. Like, come on bro.

7 (1h 42m 36s):
How much money can you have though, Teo at this

15 (1h 42m 37s):
Point different artists.

7 (1h 42m 39s):
How much money can you have? What's that? At this point though, like Elon Musk gonna be a tree in there like, man, it

15 (1h 42m 43s):
Ain't about bro, it ain't, it ain't really about the money at this point man. He's just, he's a businessman. He's doing what a businessman do and trying to find ways to, to, to continue to generate revenue and he's doing it and he, he got the whole Dallas Cowboy Nation. He got them food, he got, he got them under a trance to think that they about to win a Super Bowl

7 (1h 43m 4s):
For the last time. 90 going, man, I be on rollercoaster ride, bro.

15 (1h 43m 8s):
I look, hey man, that's why I came on the show, man, to shed some light man. Because sometimes you get so carried away, man that I gotta bring you back to Earth right now. You, you, you up there with you, you up there with

7 (1h 43m 19s):
I in malls

15 (1h 43m 20s):
Bro? Yeah. Nah, nah, you over there by Saturn or somewhere, you know what I mean? Or Pluto. Hey man, look man, I, hey, that's why I came on the show, man. I gotta bring you back down because you get so caught up into the cowboy, man, lemme tell you something. That Cowboy Nation is big. It's tic but ain't no Super Bowl coming. I'm, I'm just here to tell you bro, you, it's, the formula is written all over. I'm, I'm giving you really what the deal is, bro. He's in a win-win situation. If Jerry Jones, if y'all flirt with the NFC championship, do you, if y'all flirt with the NFC championship, that is icing on the cake.

7 (1h 44m 0s):
But y'all don't wanna see that though. Y'all don't wanna see us in the NFC championship. T yo the world ain't ready for that

15 (1h 44m 6s):
Bro. Bro, your team,

7 (1h 44m 9s):
We know that's why I ain't gonna make it.

15 (1h 44m 14s):
Y'all are not ready for that. Chuck, Jack, they got some, they got some dynamic players in C Lamb.

7 (1h 44m 19s):
Who? Hell, who else beside Parley and Lawrence?

15 (1h 44m 22s):
No, no par defensive on the defensive side of the ball. But ultimately, bro, it's all about the quarterback playing comes, comes

7 (1h 44m 29s):
Down. Who on the end comes to winning? You finna say d you think you probably saying Diggs.

15 (1h 44m 36s):
No, I just, no, I'm just saying on the, I said on the defensive end. On the defensive side. Well, lemme say defensive side of the ball. I mean you have some, you have some more average players on the d you have some, you have some, some good players

7 (1h 44m 50s):
Not lying about

15 (1h 44m 50s):
Side the ball at the end, bro, I don't care about none of that. At the end of the day, bro, how you win games is you stop, you, you, you stop teams from scoring manageable. But you gotta put offensively with those guys on the offense, you gotta put points on the board. They

7 (1h 45m 6s):
Gonna have a score there, right, bro.

15 (1h 45m 9s):
But it's all decision making man. It's all decision making and that, that, that falls on the shoulder of number four. And that's, like I said, that's no knock. I'm not even factoring in how much he, how much he's getting paid. He's not producing based on what he's getting paid. But at the end of the day, like I said, Dak is a businessman too. Somehow he finagled Jerry to pay him that money. You saw CD Lamb, just thinking both of them would've been sitting out holding out for the off season. Just think about Dak holding out and CD Lamb. Do you know what kind of catastrophe that would've been? If I'm, if I'm Dak and I'm cd, if I'm CD Lamb, I would've got together, I would've held out together.

15 (1h 45m 49s):
I bet you they would've got that deal done faster than or faster than a hiccup.

7 (1h 45m 55s):
Yeah, I think so too. But you know, it's a long season. We gonna see how it's gonna play out. Play out.

15 (1h 46m 1s):
Look man, we gonna a, we gonna a, this ain't the, this ain't ain't the first show and they, the last

7 (1h 46m 8s):
Show I think you might get on a roll to, Hey, we, we, I think we might get on a roll

15 (1h 46m 11s):
Man. I just say, I, I just, I just put that hypothetical out there. I said look, they may very well, they may very well go on the roll, but at the end of the day, like I said, you go on that road,

7 (1h 46m 21s):
You ain't, you ain't gonna wanna see me either on the road. You ain't going see me t when we get on a road,

15 (1h 46m 28s):
All it is gonna be is crash and burn all it's gonna make up for a big disappointment. All it, all it's gonna do is make up for a big disappointment. I I'm I I want you to go on a for go on a road. 'cause I wanna see what skit you gonna come up because I want you to jump off the, jump off the house into you a into a river, into a pool because that's, that's exactly what's gonna happen because you, you gonna need to cool, cool off. I'm definitely gonna need, you need to jump off the house into a frozen pool during the wintertime because by, because around that time, by the time they get hot, hey, it's gonna be cold, it's gonna be cold in Dallas. How

7 (1h 47m 3s):
You, how you, how you feel about that victory coach Prime them got the other day, man, that, that, that.

15 (1h 47m 9s):
Oh man, man man, God is good man. That stuff. Hey man, I was front and center man. I was watching that. Hey, I was glued to my glued to my seat. Hey, lemme tell you something man. That man is highly favored. He's blessed. And, and, and it, it didn't surprise me. It didn't surprise me how they came, came back and won that game right before that actual play. They, they, they, they, they flipped to the highlight with Cordell Stewart to, I think Michael Westbrook in the last, I don't know what year it was. It was four seconds. They replayed the play back. It was sort of like a hail may si similar to that play that Shado did, rolled to the left and threw that thing hit. Lae Wester man, yo, the play before that.

15 (1h 47m 49s):
The play before that. Oh boy. Dropped it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Shepherd. Yeah, yeah Shepherd. But again, like I said, hey, as long as there's time on the clock happen, anything can happen. My guy, anything. And it's unfortunate for him, but he knows, like, and I, and I talked to all those receivers. I talked to Coach Phillips, who's the, the, the, the, the receiver coach. I texted LTE before the game. I, I told him, Hey man, make an impact. Play the way, play the way that everybody expecting, you know, Colorado to play. You know what I mean? You gotta be patient, make it, you know, take it one play at a time. Understanding that a lot of balls, a lot of plays are gonna go to Travis, but Steve still be patient.

15 (1h 48m 32s):
Any player that, that, that receiver room man, all those players can make plays. As you saw with Omar Miller, his first catch turned into his first touchdown. And it was a, it was a, it was a dramatic touchdown on that. 'cause St stayed called, it stayed balanced, didn't, his knee didn't go down, Hey, just staying alive and making a play. So again, like I said, nothing surprises me with them, man, trust me. And people have to understand with the expectations from, from last year going into this year, obviously they wanted to be exponentially better, but they have to understand a lot of these guys that are on the team now, this is their first time playing together. This is only their third, the third or fourth game playing together.

15 (1h 49m 12s):
They went through obviously training camp, all that. That's different than actually playing against talent other guys. So watch as, trust me, these are, these are learning, learning games, games that you can learn from. Like I said, they, they've been battle tested, got their butts kicked in Nebraska Trust. That was a, that was a humbling situation for a lot of those guys, especially on the defensive front and especially on the offensive side of the ball. I was on that sideline man, a lot of those guys in Nebraska. I, I, yeah, yeah. I, Hey man, hey, I told some of the guy today I have an acronym for, for some of those big guys, it's called BFNR Big for no reason. You can't be big.

15 (1h 49m 52s):
Hey, you can't be that size and be big for no reason. Just out there getting there, getting your butt kicked. And then, like I said, if they would've played, if they would've continued to play like they played from that Nebraska game to now, boy, lemme tell you something should be in a wheelchair

7 (1h 50m 7s):
For real though. Yeah. I

15 (1h 50m 8s):
Ain't be in a wheelchair. Oh. And he, and, and at some point he probably is gonna have to say something, he probably gonna have to snap, because at some point, man, you can't be back there taking all those, taking all those hits, bro. And you got those big boys out there, 6, 6 5, naked 5 6 6, 290 something pound, and you let you get your butt whooped. Man. You just like basketball player. I call some of them ba big basketball players that, sorry, seven feet, 6 9, 6 10 and, and can't ball BFN or big for no reason. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna use a lot of acronyms. Big for no reason. Like with my receivers, I call 'em, when you out there on that field, he gets around and that get outta that pocket.

15 (1h 50m 52s):
In that pocket. MYA make yourself available. Yeah.

7 (1h 50m 58s):
And I, I and I like that too, for Colorado. That, you know, you done know with coach, you know, they can learn from one of the best. They will play the game, man. Because sometimes, you know, young men, they don't wanna take a vibe from somebody who ain't done it per se. Or you know, not saying they gonna listen to the receiver coach because that dude, he is a good young, he's a good coach. But somebody like you of your nature, your stature come in and talk to him. They believe, you know what I'm saying? You able to look them guys in they eyes and they look in your eyes. They looking at one of the greatest receivers that they ever played that they like, they trying to get to where you was at. What you done, done. Like,

15 (1h 51m 31s):
And, and I tried to, and I tried to impart on them like, yo, you guys are better than me. You guys are better than me. When I was in college at this stage of your, your life, I wasn't able to play at a, I wasn't fortunate to play at a Power five school. I went to, with Vision, vision one AA out of 44 games that I played football, I only won 13 games. I only won 13 games out of four out of four years. That's how poor our, our team was. That's how bad we were. But like I said, I was able to make it because of, like, I, I always talk about my desire, dedication, and discipline. My three Ds, my what I call my three pillars of success.

15 (1h 52m 13s):
So I feel like if I can make it, they, these guys are in better position and situations than I was at then I was in. So if I can make it with my desired dedication and discipline, and like I said, I I, I figured that out later on in my career. Those guys can make it, you know what I mean? Because they have like the be bro, they have the best coaches, they have the best facilities, they have the best cafeteria. They have everything that they need to become the best football player that they can be outside of being a student athlete, obviously, you know, you gotta get your academics. That's a requirement. Deon don't play that. You're not getting your books, you're not getting, you're not getting that field. You're not playing, but Right. But to be put in a position, you gotta utilize your resources.

15 (1h 52m 55s):
Not not just your, your manual, your your, your your stationary resources. You gotta use those physical resources that that, that you're surrounded with. And those are coaches and all those individuals that come through that door that Prime brings in, like yourself, myself, the young dolls, anybody of, of entertainment that can be of some inspiration, motivation to those kids. Because a lot of these kids, like I said, especially coming from the inner city, they never experienced any, anything like that. Prime has created a culture for Colorado. He's generated money in the, in Boulder, Colorado.

15 (1h 53m 36s):
He's, he's doing everything on the highest level that, that, that, that it could be on. And he's bringing all that access to these kids and just to say like, yo, he's putting them on, putting them, putting them on the biggest stage that they can, they can be on now. They just gotta go perform. They gotta perform on that stage. 'cause hey, the lights are gonna be there, the glitz and glamors gonna be there if this is what you've been dreaming of when you was a little kid. You know what I mean? If your, your prayers have been asked, your, your, your prayers have been answered through, through, through Dion Sanders, yeah. To present you and give you the opportunity to play in that beautiful city, that beautiful stadium have millions of people watching you week in and week out.

15 (1h 54m 18s):
What more can you ask for, man? That's why, that's why Alabama wins so many championships, bro. That's why they won so many championships. I'm real tired all day. I'm from Alabama. That's why, that's why Nick Saban is the most winning, all time winning coach in Alabama because he realized what's at stake in what these kids need to become successful, not only just in the classroom, but to do what he needs them to do, what he's recruited them to do from high school to to to to to go to University of Alabama. That's to win championships. Not just play football win championships, bro. That's, that's the mentality. It's groomed and bred man win championships, bro.

15 (1h 54m 59s):
That he has figured out a culture there in t in t town is what they call it in Tuscaloosa, man. And they have bought in. They have bought in. That's why, bro, over the last outta 17 years, how many championships? I think you want like nine, something like that. Seven nine. It's unbelievable. I may be cutting him short. I don't know. I just know he's won, he's won a lot of championships. I just know over the years, out of the, if outta the, probably like the last 10, 15 years, the SEC in itself has probably won like eight to probably like between eight. Do you think Travis Hunter could play both sides in the infield? Absolutely. I heard the most ridiculous tape from, from Richard Sherman that he said he, he didn't believe that he could do it.

15 (1h 55m 44s):
Come on, Richard. Come on bro. Don't, don't do that man. That for me, that just oos and just, it, it smells like hate it, honestly. It just, it smells like, Hey, Travis Hunter is that dude bro. He, he man he's that guy to do what he's doing at the collegiate level. That's, it's exceptional, bro. Like, you don't, you don't find, you don't find too many in high school. You saw that, but not in college. The last person that to, to do that was at, at, I don't know what the efficiency rate was, was Charles Wilson. He went up, he ended up winning to Heisman when he was at Michigan. I just happened to catch the 30 30. I didn't know how much he played on, but he was like that.

15 (1h 56m 26s):
They didn't Right, but but he wasn't like Travis though. Travis, no, Travis, different Travis' like that, bro. Tr Travis is better. I, for me, Travis is better than Charles Wilson than than Charles Wilson at Michigan. Ooh. And, and, and Charles Wilson was a him.

7 (1h 56m 41s):
That's a good one. Not t bro.

15 (1h 56m 42s):
I'm telling you bro.

7 (1h 56m 44s):
Yeah, that's a good yo, bro. I'm telling you,

15 (1h 56m 48s):
I'm telling you now, the way that Travis plays on offense, bro. Defense, they don't really wanna throw his weight. And then if you look, you look at, you look at even last year, the first, the, when they played TCU, the way that he came off a route and intercepted that ball at the goal line, bro, that's, you don't find NFL DBS making those type of plays, bro. That's on another level. I've seen. I'm, you, you, like you said, we sitting on the sideline, bro. I'm seeing, I'm, I've seen, I've seen Travis practice, I've seen him on the, in the game. Yeah, bro. He wants that ball, bro. He wants that ball. Like, it's like he's, it's almost like you're like nobody, like you can't stop me. I was at that point in my career at, at one point in my career when I was with tra transition outta outta my last couple years in San Francisco, Francisco to Philly, then Dallas, bro.

15 (1h 57m 36s):
It was like, I couldn't be, bro, it was not, bro. I used to call my mom and my brother on the way to games. I would basically tell them how many touchdowns or how many yards I should get based on my prep week of preparation and who I was going against. Oh, so you used to look

7 (1h 57m 50s):
The opposing, as you already know, who you Yeah,

15 (1h 57m 53s):
Bro.

7 (1h 57m 54s):
I'm giving them to work. I'm

15 (1h 57m 55s):
Knowing with the game, right, with the game plan, I'm knowing what plays I should score on based on tendency down distance. But just the overall, like bro, like there were games. Like I should have had, I I, in the first half, I probably had like two touchdowns, then my Hate n Coach didn't throw me the ball like the second half. So I, it was games like, yeah, I could have like really, like I could have really put up stats. Like the game out in Dallas, I, I scored four touchdowns against, against the rest. So during

7 (1h 58m 23s):
That week, tell me, during that week when you saying you went off against the cowboy, when you with the Eagle, did, did you know you was gonna be heavy implemented that week going against him? Like, like

15 (1h 58m 33s):
Yeah, bro. Yeah, I'm, I was featured in the art bro. I'm, they call it w like I was the number one receiver. Like I was the start like bro, before they got off with these technical names, WR one, WR two, like, you know, to identify receiver, like yeah, I was, I was the guy, I was a focal guy. Focal point in our offense as far as receiver, you had your one receiver, two, three, whatever, like pretty much I was featured like whatever plays, if it was a, a script of 15 plays depending on the game plan, obviously weather, depending on defensive front, all those things. I knew where I was, where I was gonna get the ball when I was, or how I shouldn't be getting the ball I was on.

15 (1h 59m 18s):
I did, I did Travis Po Travis Honda podcast earlier today, and I told him too when I was emerging and when I was like third or fourth receiver in my first, second, third year. And then once Jerry got traded, then I became like the number one, I became Jerry, I replaced him. I didn't know that they had like on the script or the, all the plays that the offensive coordinator has. He has all the plays and then he has a, a segment on there. Jerry Rice plays I had when he left there was te to plays. And it was the same way when I went to, when I went to Philly, I had to plays certain down distances, like I said, certain plays that I like, favorite routes that I, I like to run depending on where we are on the field.

15 (2h 0m 2s):
The same when I went to Dallas to plays, bro, that was, like I said, it's not like I said that I, bro, I, I, I literally, I felt unstoppable, bro. It was like I could go in the game like, bro, there's nothing. The only reason I would get stopped, it was 'cause my, my offensive coordinator on the coach, they didn't throw me the ball. That's how I got stopped. Friendly fire when I went in the game, bro, knowing that like, bro, I could score at least two, three touchdowns a game. But if I didn't get it, sometimes obviously it would be due to, like I said, everything like it factors into like me getting the ball sometimes, like I said, blocking quarterback gets flushed out of the pocket. So yeah, it could be a touchdown. Like it could be, it could have been a, a big play that turned in like just for a big game, you know what I mean?

15 (2h 0m 47s):
It could be a touchdown that only turn into like maybe 20, 20 yards or a 15 yard game. But every play, like I said, it takes on the mind of its own.

7 (2h 0m 56s):
I agree man. Make sure y'all hit that light button. Make sure y'all hit that subscribe button, man, Tia, you know, it's part of the show where we do trash of day and the trash of day. You know, I gotta give it to young dol killers

15 (2h 1m 7s):
Trash. Woo. Boy,

7 (2h 1m 9s):
Look, they suck us back 30 years. T they suck us back with this one. Man. Man, I know everybody watching it right now, it's gonna get even. I I,

15 (2h 1m 20s):
Man, yeah, that's terrible, bro. That's, that's horrible man. I I, I just thought man, growing up, man, they say, my grandma used to say this, it's in the Bible for the love of money is the root of all evil, bro. For the love of money is the root of all evil, bro. That's all I could think about when talking about this man and understanding why this dude killed young do is that he, he was promised 40 grand to take this dude out for somebody that he doesn't even know really. Like a musician, like a, a mu a a a very popular musician, a music musical artist, bro. It's like, yeah man, we like, it's man so much black on black crime, bro.

15 (2h 2m 0s):
We, we, we can't get right. Even if we, if, if, if they gave us the, if they, if they gave us the blueprint, we couldn't get right.

7 (2h 2m 8s):
Yeah, man, that's, that's sad. At the end of the day, everybody lose to yo, people don't understand when you take a alive, you thought it is your life being taken too. Now not only is they mama hurting none, your mama, whoever grandmother, everybody's hurting. It's a, it's a lose lose situation out here in the world. And I'm just wanna talk to the, I I'm talking to everybody on this t but I'm really talking to the people out our color complexity, man, we gotta stop all this hating. Yes. We gotta start being more loving to one another. We gotta start being more happy for one another. When other people are doing good, we need to trigger 'em on. But also, and I'm talking to myself on this as well, when, when our brothers or sisters are doing bad And, we can help 'em.

7 (2h 2m 49s):
We need to reach out and help 'em. Like I'm, I don't, and I not saying it's a lot to, I don't wanna be the only one in my family with money, bro. I don't wanna be the only one in my, my group of homeboys with money. If, if I got somebody, if I'm doing my thing and I got a brother over here done falling off, I want to help him. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want go to the public, oh, I gave such and such 10, 15, that ain't who I am as a man. I wanna be able to build my brother up in silence. And if he wanna come up and talk about what I've done for him, that's cool, but that's not who I am. We got so many of us now till when we do something for somebody.

15 (2h 3m 26s):
Oh, they do it for publicity, bro, child. I don't, I don't, I don't move like that. Never have, bro. That's, like I said, I'm getting ready to do my documentary with Prime Amazon. We're gonna be shooting, it's gonna air sometime around this time next year. But yeah, man, I got, with my documentary, I've been playing this, like I said, since probably like 20, probably like 2020, we finally got Prime Amazon right to, to sign off on it. And then, like I said, with, I got former players, coaches that have committed to my documentary. And like I said, I've been jotting notes down just a bunch of stuff. And then just the people that that, that, that, that have already, I've already talked to for like, like I said, ex players, ex coaches, friends, family.

15 (2h 4m 10s):
I have a title called Truth Seekers. And so those are the ones man that are gonna speak speak the truth on who I am. And, and again opposed to who the world thought, Tara lo a k you gonna do

7 (2h 4m 21s):
A book too?

15 (2h 4m 22s):
Gotta do a book. And so I'm pretty sure, like I said that I'm sure that that'll be something that that will probably come up that will probably, like I said, I've done a few books already, but I'm sure probably to a finale kind of the last chapter. No, no, no, for sure. So yeah, it, it, it is something that I said we we're getting ready to to to shoot here very, very soon. So definitely look, be on the lookout for that. But just to again, touch on what you said, man, like I've done a lot of things for a lot of people and I didn't do it for publicity. There are things like I said to pri that probably like could have, you know, the media could have done to put me in a better light with, you know, as far as the perception is concerned, as far as my character is concerned, but they never, they never went out of their, their way to, to, to, to smooth things over or put me in a positive light.

15 (2h 5m 8s):
But if it was somebody like a Peyton Manning or you know, or, or Tom Brady or Drew Brees or somebody like that, those caliber repair, they're gonna, they're gonna boost them up, put them in the forefront, talk about the charities and the money that they've donated. They gonna research to find out what they've done to make them look better to the public. Trust me, they could've done the same thing for me, do it. But did they do it? Absolutely not. But I, like I said, I don't, I've never done anything for publicity, for publicity. I've done all, everything that I've done. I do it from the heart, bro. And so at the, at the end of the day, God's gonna bless me regardless of, you know, how the world sees me or how these, these business entities perceive me.

15 (2h 5m 52s):
'cause like I said, that's why I'm always thriving, man. Like I said, I'm, I'm no different than anybody else. I'm human. I having human emotions, I have ups and downs, I have good days, bad days, just like the next person. But at the end of the day, man, hey, you just gotta, you know, look yourself in the mirror, be truthful to yourself and know that you're doing, doing right by yourself, for yourself and for that individual.

7 (2h 6m 14s):
Hey man, y'all put that, y'all put your skincare progress back up here too. TI gotta go and grab, I just got back today. Oh, I just got back today. I didn't have time to go and pick it up. So next time you see me, I'm gonna be learning

15 (2h 6m 25s):
Man. Oh man, I gotta get you. No. Oh, trust me. I'm gonna get, oh, I'm gonna get you some of that facial scrub, bro. And then I'm gonna get you some of that, that, that serum. Boy, I'm

7 (2h 6m 34s):
Bro, you going, you Leroy and the last dragon over there, man.

15 (2h 6m 39s):
Yeah, you, hey, hey, hey, do you a little dusty, you look bro, look like you, you lucky you need a makeup artist on.

7 (2h 6m 46s):
I don't need no makeup now. I can't work that funeral home makeup now.

15 (2h 6m 50s):
I just, no. Hey, makeup orange doesn't always mean that you have to have makeup on. They can put some foundation.

7 (2h 6m 55s):
I just need some of your all, that's all I need.

15 (2h 6m 58s):
I I I got you Daw because right now you dust.

7 (2h 7m 3s):
I don't need nothing of that. All though. Don't need that. Dig all. I can't deal do Johnson and Johnson

15 (2h 7m 9s):
Now. Hey.

7 (2h 7m 10s):
Oh no, can't, can't

15 (2h 7m 12s):
Do all that. What about Johnson?

7 (2h 7m 14s):
You can't do

15 (2h 7m 14s):
Johnson Johnson

7 (2h 7m 15s):
Get, they could get

15 (2h 7m 16s):
In federal. What? Not No. Federally, no, not the federal.

7 (2h 7m 24s):
Hey man, we almost hit a thousand lights, man. Y'all hit that like button, man.

15 (2h 7m 30s):
Oh yeah. We a thousand lights. What, what, what, what, what is it

7 (2h 7m 33s):
Usually? What you usually be there? Well, Mondays we, we know we normally probably be about six, 700. But we up today we moving the groove. Yeah,

15 (2h 7m 41s):
That's good. Yeah, that's not good up there. Yeah, yeah. It's it's only gonna get better. Heck yeah. It's gonna get better bro. It's gonna get back. Definitely, definitely

7 (2h 7m 48s):
Get better. But man, thank everybody for tuning in tonight. Check me and TO out man. Y'all gonna be seeing more of us getting the chat, man. Let us know how y'all feel. Make sure y'all grab my brother products. He'll be back on the back on the show real soon. See y'all again tomorrow night. And then, you know, after Thursday nights y'all will see me on, on, on his way after he games. I'll be going live bringing y'all my angle. Have my great friends like Tal who be stopping by from time to time, man. And man, just thank you brother for taking time out your business schedule because you know what I'm saying, Chopp it up with me and the fans. They love you in the chat bro. And y'all keep sending us questions and stuff.

15 (2h 8m 23s):
Let's go.

7 (2h 8m 24s):
Once again, thank y'all for tuning in. I'm your with Dub man. I see y'all again tomorrow night. Peace. We out. Yo,

15 (2h 8m 31s):
I love The.

21 (2h 8m 33s):
Volume

High 5 Casino (2h 8m 37s):
High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details high. The number five casino.com High five casino.

The Hollywood Reporter (2h 9m 9s):
Have you spent a regrettable amount of time scrolling through shows and praying for something new or hearing about a show but having no idea where to find it? We all have head over to the Hollywood reporter and check out THR charts to find a menu of all the streamers biggest shows, what's trending reviews, and where to watch these great shows and films. The Hollywood Reporter is the source for insider entertainment news. Visit thr.com today and follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social platforms.

Bose (2h 9m 38s):
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bos.com.

Visit Orlando (2h 10m 7s):
If you are ready for an epic family vacation. There's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.

Oscar Meyer (2h 10m 37s):
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.