
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover Out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin Hand More Stream, live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult Literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council,


The Volume. Welcome back everybody. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. I'm back. Let's get to it. Hit the like button right now today on The Bubba Dub Show. We talking about the 10 top quarterbacks in the NFL right now. And, we starting with number one and you already know who it is. That Zebra K Damn. Who's Zebra Mahomes? That's who I'm talking about. Last year had 27 touchdown, 13 peaks threw 4 4300 yards. Yeah, pat Mahome Super Bowl MVP ain't another champion.


That's what we talking about right now. Patrick Mahome right now is the best quarterback in the game right now and there's not even nothing to argue about. I don't think nobody just watching this show going to argue with me that Pat Mahome is not the best quarterback in the game right now. He's coached by Andy Reed. You big Andy, big jolly fellow. Yeah. Dressed in all red look like a Eminem to me. That's what big Andy Reed, Andy, Andy Reed look like to me. But let me go ahead and break it down to y'all wife. Peggy Mahomes is the greatest, well not the Greg Way is the best quarterback in the game right now for number one. He's been in the league eight years, been to four Super Bowls, got three, been in the league eight years, been to four Super Bowls, got three.


So half his career big in the Super Bowl his first year starting starting threw for 50 touchdowns and and what, what, what make Patrick Mahomes so great is not only that he can get standing in the pocket and throw a ball. He can extend plays like a Brett Fav or Tony Romo could or or a normal running back run, running back type quarterback could do. He could throw the no look past this. He just make everything look seem effortless. That's how good Pat Mahomes is. I mean what can I say? They done one back to back NFL Super Bowl back to a back.


That's, that's hard to do in itself. And they competing for a third one. Yeah they going for a threepeat and if I'm gonna be honest, they favored to go back. Now some of y'all gonna say nah dub, nah nah the Kansas City Chiefs is favored to go back to the Super Bowl this year. That just point plain simple. That's it. I don't, I don't see nobody else in the a c and we'll talk about it on the other quarterbacks that I'm gonna mix it from NC but I don't really see nobody right now that could beat Kansas City chief. I, I don't see it like they got Travis Kansas probably the best tight end in the game. Right, right now it's like a trio. You got Andy Reed, you got Pat, pat Mahome and you got Travis KI mean they lost Tyreek Hill and still done won two rings without it.


What the hell they tell you? They lost one of the top one, one of the top 10 players in the game and Tyreek Hill and still won two most Super Bowl. Got it. That should let you know how special Pat Mahomes is and he from East Texas come here. You know Doug from East Texas. You know I'm gonna talk that talk and I'm gonna talk that shit. Yeah I'm speaking nothing but facts today. He been in the league eight years. Y'all think about it been the four Super Bowl won three to half this man career, been in the Super Bowl. This man is a win a winner. And I know y'all got Tom Brady as the goat right now in quarterback. Rightfully so. But this young man coming and don't give me, well Tom Brady beat him in the Super Bowl.


Eli beat Brady. Do they beat Eli? Don't. I'm going off the eye test. I'm going off what I see, what I feel, what I hear Pat Mahomes is him got three, got three, he get four more. Bring ass outta there. That's all I'm saying now that's number one. And we gonna go around this together. Give him the comments right now. We're gonna go around, we're gonna dissect this shit today like we in biology class, we going to dissect this top, top 10 quarterbacks in the league right now today. I got time. I got time number two. Lamar Jackson? Yeah League MVP last year due for 24.


Touchdown had seven interception ran over 821. That's what Lamar did. And he had an agent Odell Becker motor that never really worked out. Let's just, let's just be real. That never really worked out. They got za flowers over wide receiver ain't they gonna brought in Gary hearing? Damn dude what that mean? They mean you can put cell the box you wanna I play actually I throw it over your mother head. That's what's gonna go on up there in Baltimore right now. That's what's gonna go on in Baltimore right now. And you ain't finna stop. You ain't finna be putting everybody in the box because they was already put 8 million in the box to stop tomorrow. Now you bring big on heavy set Derek from Alabama Roll Tide.


We talking about a Nick Saban player. Somebody who gonna hit that mother hole steal for him to get out the wing. That's what Derrick Henry bringing to the Ravens toughness. Somebody gonna get die a hill And if you get in the secondary you already know it's like z. That big 6 4 2 45 train come and die at you. Some damn safety to the quarterbacks. I ain't gonna wanna get in there. Not especially when it's cold. Tell me I'm lying So think about it, what Lamar got now, he got a little bit more help. Like I say threw for 24 touchdown last year. Seven inception ran for over 821 yard was the league, MVP, Lamar Jackson something special.


Now y'all could say oh man but he threw the ball great. STAs that almost ain't lying. Threw the ball getting great with no help. Odell older than a motherfucker. Y'all know it. Ell gonna tow every ligament in your left head from the knee y'all down. I ain't because you know I ain't lying and I got love for Odell, I got love for him but he didn't make a difference over there with the ra. That's all I'm saying Now you watch how Derrick Henry come in this year and you and you gonna see what he gonna do for them. Right. He gonna help him out a whole lot. Them play actions and all them bootlegs gonna be a little bit more open and cl to get around nigga head because they worried about Henry they was already worried about now I gotta worry about him shit it's gonna be some smoke in the city this year after that, after that, after that conference anyway with the Steelers.


The Browns. The Ravens. Yeah somebody else ain't Bengals out out that out. That conference right there it's gonna be hell pay out the A FCI think it's a FC north that's gonna be hella pay out there and I can't wait to see it. So let me know right now giving the comments. If you watching this show today let me know. Do you think Derrick Henry will make a difference when Lamar Jackson will they lead the league in Russian? Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry is a duo. Will they lead the league in Russian? Let's see I'm just, I'm like everybody, I'm a spectator but at the end of the day I just can't wait to see some good ass smash mouth football. I can't wait to see, I can't wait to see them ravens in them staples. I can't wait to see them damn ravens in the Browns and but he goes I can't wait to see it now.


That's number two, number three Josh Allen. Yeah I know that big son with gun said some things about my people that I don't like but you know what, I ain't gonna hold that against his game. I ain't gonna do it. Josh Allen the truth 29 touchdown last year 18 fifth he gotta stop turning the ball over but he take chances. That's what I gotta get Josh Allen take chance and he'll run that motherfucking ball too big 6 5 2 7 5 coming down. They'll picture of Big Ben Berger but better dude if you saying Josh Allen Berry, I'm, he ain't got no ring yet. He looking more like Jim Kelly. I get it. He ain't got no ring yet. Yeah Josh Allen looking more like Jim Kelly right now but the can't deny his talent.


He the third best quarterback in the league right now in my eye when he's able to do throwing the ball and what he's able to do running the ball. I'm just saying man Don Corner, he bigger than li, he bigger than the lineman. I mean he bigger like and they lost digs. I really don't know know they probably gonna sprint the ball out a little bit more. Sprint the ball a little bit more this year than having to look for they number one target in Stefan Digs and rifle. So you a a receiver like that man you gotta get him the ball but maybe this might just make 'em better. I'm not, I'm I'm I'm just saying Buffalo Bill might be better without digs than they were with it man y'all like man well how is this so but when you have offense you got a number one receiver like that you got the game plan for.


You got to try to get him the ball, you gotta try to get him the football early. If not you know time you lose him. You see him over there running around mad he ain't got the ball Rightfully so because when he get the did get the ball great things happen. But when he don't you know your body language you know you're saying your body language ain't right now you ain't running the route like you supposed to be running because you ain't because you like man I ain't gonna get the ball. So I actually think we might see one of the best versions of Joss Allen dish year 'cause he going to have to do more with less and sometime players do more with less than they do with more than you get less you know production from them. But Josh Allen is number three.


Number four I gotta go with Matthew. Staffer came off of Super Bowl win about two or three years ago. Hey y'all can say what y'all want about Maggie staffer ain't too many quarterbacks in the league to throw the ball like this. Him and Sean mc Bay what they been cooking up over there 'cause they been hurt, they done lost some player but now they got that wide receiver poker go damn raw. He ain't the fastest but he got, he run great routes, he got good football speed, he can get open, he can jump and most of all he can catch and most of all he's the pimp. He ain't like Cooper Cup. I'm like Cooper but every time I look around Cooper Cup got something wrong with his hamstring. Something wrong with his ankle, something wrong with his finger. You don't want that as a damn player.


You want a player that's gonna be able to play when I need you, I need you on the damn field. That ain't been Cooper Cup, that's been P Pooka, that's his name. Matter of fact he was a rookie last year. Matter of fact rookie broke all them records as a rookie senior handedly kept, kept the Rams in it. If you wanna be real check them in it because they really ain't because the Rams ain't got no run game And that's the problem Son Bay, we know you a great offensive coordinator, we know you a great coach, we know this and that but you need your motherfucking running back to take the pressure out. Matthew staff he 36, he ain't y no more. This ain't the Detroit Lime Stafford three or four years ago Stafford that you got down there in la.


Shit he been in LA too long now he been, he been down on that. This ain't TRASHH been to the cookie store, you know what I'm saying? Shit done have about 95 tacos and he ain't the same damn Stafford like look like a Bugatti but he running like a Lamborghini. That's all I'm saying. He ain't the fucking same. So you might wanna get you a running back this year Rams, I don't know if you'll have or not, I don't know but you got to establish the running game this year to go along with that pass game staffer guy, him and Puka Nka him pka Nka shit that's like Dirk and Steve Nash if you add me. I I love that combination. You know Ag and Cooper Cook if he can stay healthy bring that back And let's see, you know Aaron Don just retired from the Rams so it's all over the place right now with the Rams but I gotta have Matthew staffer number three at number five.


I got CJ Strout so I I hit you with Pat Mahomes, I hit you with Lamar Jackson, I hit you with Josh Allen, I hit you with Matthew Stafford. Now I'm at CJ Strout and number five also. God I wanna let y'all know I've been nominated and it's his podcast thing. I wanna let y'all know where y'all can go and vote for me at y'all can go and vote for me at the comedy category podcast and the people choice category podcast them one the two things that y'all can go and vote for me on. I appreciate the love that I've been getting everywhere but I have been nominated for the the best comedy podcast. So please go and vote for me on there.


And the other category is the people choice category. Go and vote for me on there as well. Then the two categories, comedy podcast and people choice on the podcast. Thank y'all so much. I gotta go with CJ Strub right now. I know he was a rookie last year. What he was able to do, what he had 23 touchdown. Matter of fact staffer had 24 touchdown, 11 picks, I'm, I'm getting the heck of myself but CJ Stroud had 23 touchdown five interception as a rookie in 15 games. Goddamn that's what he had last CJ Strout and he only had Tank Dale last year. Now they can add it in. Stefan these, oh now he did all that as a rookie.


Now you bringing in a number one to go with tank shit, I'm starting to think the Texas might be the best team in Texas right now and I'm a cowboy fan. Die hard till I die till I'm in the casket. But let me tell you something about CJ Strub right now. Six five, yeah six five with dreads. That's a deadly combination right there. Bubble I know damn well they didn't use got him to the division round too as a rookie one. The first playoff game as a rookie got him to the division round last year where they did lose but he got 'em now wasn't nobody expecting that shit to come from the Texans with de miko round. Wasn't nobody expecting the Texans to do that But see the Texans say we here now and I wanna commend Dko Ryans and his coaching staff for what they was able to do with with this young man how they done brought him along so fast as a rookie.


So I mean guy like a veteran, just a rookie. So he's only gonna get because Toko around them not bullshitting now in Houston them surf Siping ast, not bullshitting they believe and once you got players on your team that believe that they can do this shit, that's success. That's success in all of itself right there and the young man. But believe he's a fun guy, not all stuck up to he said I see him out in about he on podcasts, he's having fun, he's a big kid so be on the lookout for CJ Stout after that. So who was that? I got Pat, I had Lamar, I had Josh Allen, I had Matthew Stafford and I had CJ Strout.


That's fine. Number six Dak Prescott. Before you motherfuckers even say something, before y'all even say something. Nah, go on see it. I know y'all gonna say something tripping. Nah, I'm being real. I got Dak Prescott number 6 36 touchdowns last year. Nine interceptions. Now when it come to regular season play reckless season Dak is ain't too many to him. I'm just being real that one of them. Now his problems is in the playoffs when we get there we take our ass home. That's the problem with that.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com Don't miss asap Rocky don't big Sean Camila Cabell don't you Cat Dua Lipa. When Stefani Halsey Hozier Keith's Urban new Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet A special performance by Cold Plays Chris Martin Hand more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19, I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Dak is top one of the top 10 quarterback in this NFL. I'm not just picking him just to pick him because I'm a cowboy fan. I'm picking him because he got the numbers, he got the stats. That's all I'm saying. He got the stats now. Dallas, I don't know what y'all going to do. CD lamb holding out right now. I don't like that Jerry. Hey go and go and cut the check. What you you cutting the check for the moola keys you can have on outside your marriage. Go and cut the check for C Lamb. That's look at him as another child that you gotta pay. Go and take care of him Jerry because we ain't got nobody else. Zeke. Zeke full of oatmeal pies right now and y'all know it.


I don't. Hey man Gary relationships everything just like, just like right now fellas. Relationships ain't the same as they used to be when you first met your girl, you loved dug death. You couldn't wait to see she gave you butterflies, she gave you all the hair and vagina that you ever wanted. Six months later she gonna make you feel that way no more. Now she get your ass heartburn and gas. You know I ain't lying. You look at your girl say no more after six months you used to. Oh come here baby. Not no more shit. You be waiting to get that phone call. I'm working overtime. Got to deal with your bullshit ain't house. Trying to go through my, now I got the here and delete everything. I don't do all that but first six months.


Oh y'all love it. Y'all going everywhere together after eat church taking six months after shit. Trying to get some or something. This whole hurting you. You know I ain't lying. I'm keeping in the book but back to deck Prescott. He's number six on my list right now. Man the numbers don't lie y'all just simply go and look at the numbers. I know that in the playoffs his numbers ain't. I know we talking about regular season. Who was top 10 quarterbacks right now? Dak Prescott is number six, number seven Serve sip Na Jaylen Hirsch for the Eagle. The Eagles was hottest. Hottest coffee being bogged outside in Africa.


They was hot. They started like ten one, they lost their last five six games of the year. That shit need to be studied. But other than that, Jalen Hearst had 23 touchdown 15 picks lock that came in the second half the interception. I still feel like Jalen hers is still one of the top quarterbacks in the league right now. He still have AJ Brown, he still have Devonte S Smith, they brought in Quan Barkley. So he's not going to be having to try to run around and be Superman like he normally to be trying to be Now you can get hand that mother off to Saco. Long as he healthy Saco going to perform. When my Phil fans say I know y'all in here right now Roofing, I know it. You got your something as long as you can keep him healthy. I look at say Wan Barkley, he like a car you got to keep good gas in any water.


Get in that in that in that tank he get the spurting in. That means it hurt and he known to be hurt but long as y'all keep that good gas up, Saquon Barker the Eagles, y'all gonna be all right. Y'all gonna be all right And I'm gonna go out on the limb to say this the head coach for the Philadelphia Eagles. If the Eagles don't make it to the Super Bowl this year, I think Nick will be fired. That's my take. Maybe I'm wrong but I really feel like that debacle they had, the Eagles had last year. If they gonna have a a winning season this year or go to the Super Bowl this year, he will be fired by Jeffrey Leary and Harry Roseman.


That's my word on that. My next quarterback will be Joe Burrow. He I see y'all see Joe Burrow all new. Her motherfucker like Pa look that white boy play on that movie pa. That's how he look. But nevertheless Burrow was hurt last year. He ain't played no one 10 games last year had 15 and six 15 touchdowns, six interception. He got Yamar Chase over there right now. He just been banged up. Don't forget three or four years ago he went to the Super Bowl but Joe Burrow been banged up. He still completed over 66% on his passes, which is great. Quarterback compete almost 70% in my eye. Can't lose with that. I think Joe Burrow is one of them guys like LSU, he's a baller.


Like he's tough. He he he play when it hurt and that's all you could ask for from a quarterback. Man. He, you know he could read defense as well. I like, I like Joe Burrow a lot, him and Jamar Chase but this do or die it's easy with them for me Joe Burrow it's do or Die fan. You took him to a Super Bowl couple years ago, you ain't never really got back there then you been banged up, locked, got eyes on you, you got, you got the paper Damnit Cincinnati needs you now. It bro fell off. Damnit Cincinnati needs you up there. They need you and more than the damn chili they got up there. They need you bro. They need you to come through and be savior you Boomer size couldn't save him. Corey dealing couldn't save. Oh Joe couldn't save him. Damnit to went over there for a spell Carl Palmer.


They they need Joe Burrow to save him up there in Cincinnati. That's all I'm saying. So maybe y'all may need that bro. Come there and talk to y'all and give y'all it's gonna be funny be bring me in talk. I get y'all motherfucker motivated up there in Cincinnati. Don't nobody believe in y'all not even the owner. What I do, I do. You got, you got to believe in them. Yeah offensive line. Get with your quarterback. Tell them don't we holding the ball long. 1, 2, 3 I'll be out your hands because we need you healthy. We need you up. We gonna need you running around here limping. That ain't what the Cincinnati Bal need.


Cincinnati Bengals need a healthy Joe Burrow because Joe Burrow is healthy. It means success for the Cincinnati Bal quarterback after that I gotta go with Brock Purdy. Come on dude. How you gonna go with Brock Per 30. What He have 31 and left 31 touchdown. Left pick and took him to the Super Bowl Brock. Y'all can say what y'all want man. Man look y'all done said the man was a system quarterback live. When y'all gonna finally get Brock Ley his credit bro. Last two years the ball been putting in work. He been putting in work? Yeah he got Deebo over there.


I don't know about the other receiver that's taught my leaving the Ja I I I don't know if he gonna be there or not. He still got Christian McCaffery in the backfield 40. I gonna be right still got probably the best left tackle in the game and Trent Williams talking about the San Francisco for and I still got Nick Boso coming off the side for now. They're gonna be fine. Brock Purdy is top 10 quarterback in the NFL right now and y'all need to pay him John Lynch go and write the check for Brock Purdy right now. Ain't nobody else coming in there that's gonna be better than Brock Purdy. He took the job of Jimmy Pa Garoppolo and he been balling ever since. Now San Francisco. Y'all been getting there now. Y'all ain't won.


You been getting there now? I'm sick of y'all. 49 fans talking stuff to me about my cowboy but we ain't been to the Super Bowl. That's right. We ain't been and y'all been but y'all ain't won nothing neither. That's all I'm saying. Y'all ain't won nothing else since y'all beat the San Diego Chargers. That's the last time the San Francisco four nine won a Super Bowl ring and the year after that the Cowboy won. Okay Stevens Okay, that's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. Y'all ain't no better than us. Yes, y'all been getting in. I get it but y'all ain't want no Super Bowl either after that. Now when it come down who that? I had Pat Lamar, Josh Allen, Matthew Stafford, CJ Stout, Dak, Jaylen Hurt, Joe Burrow Brock Per that's nine nine.


We at 10. I really wanna put Aro in number. Aro were hurt last year so I gotta go with Justin Sherbert. I know it's Herbert but I'm gonna go with Justin Sherbert right now. He got Jim Harbaugh new coach coming in from Michigan. I feel like he going to he they're gonna put up good numbers this year. Jim Harbaugh and the LA Chargers are gonna pull up great numbers this year And just Justin Herbert right now is a bigger quarterback than Aaron Rogers. I can't put Aaron Rogers over him because Aaron Rogers coming off a injury and that just won't be fair at his age. Now whether this was five or six years ago said Aaron Rod probably be right up on the pad of my home but it's not a ride was 38, 39, almost 40 coming off a keyless injury.


We don't know how he's gonna come back. We really don't know. Yes he running around in practice right now but it ain't nothing like game Gametime and and game speed. So other than that right now I gotta go with Justin Herbert right now. 6 5, 6 6. I ain't got King and Allen over no more but Jim Harbaugh, he know how to get the most out of the least I would say the least. Don't forget he coached the 49 ERs a couple years ago too. He had Colin Kaepernick. Remember nobody didn't believe in Kaepernick. He Kaepernick took Oh who? Well Alice Smith. Yeah he got real Alice Smith with Colin Kaepernick. Jim Harbaugh did, he was doing that with Kaepernick. What you think he could do with Justin Sherbert Get in the motherfucking comments right now and talk to me.


What do you think he would do with Justin Sherbert right now? I know what he gonna do. They put up some damn numbers. They put up some damn I rock with Jim Harbaugh because why? He likes to cheat to win if you ain't cheating, you ain't trying to win in my book shit Now y'all, that's my top 10 quarterbacks in the NFL right now. You welcome to go through it, dissect it, get him to come in section with me and let's talk about this shit because I I'm here I'm, I ain't going nowhere. I'm here all day to talk about it and I know the first thing y'all gonna wanna say. I can't believe you had Dak number six and did Man what? Dak ain't did nothing to y'all man. He, he ain't got no hard work. These motherfuckers ain't got no hard work either.


Now let's talk about it bro. We ain't got no, ain't got where on now bro. Ain't got just Sher ain't got one. Josh ain't got one and his numbers, his number is Dak number is Battle now me and Jerry Jones we gonna sit down And, we gonna have a conversation 'cause it still seem like at times Dak can't see the motherfucking field like he need to see. I need to be on the sideline in critical situation at the cowboy home game. When, when, when they come down with the ball and hand. That motherfucker need to look across there and see me. He needs to see me to keep it motivated.


Motherfuckers stay focused. Wake up, wake up. You want that money, you better go get the damn honey. This is big baby. I'm on these football boys, I'm on Pride pick motherfucker. I got I I wanna win. I ain't the only one. I ain't the only fan that here wanna win. Everybody that's watching this show want their team to win. Tell me I'm lying. I just want that to live up to his potential man. Live up to his potential man. The guy got it, he got it man. I don't, maybe it's like they say it's in between right here man.


Sometimes people could be a boxer could be good man for the first three or four rounds and after that he's outta there Dak you gotta be Al bro. You gotta, I mean I mean at times I see you shred the defense. I you can't miss nigga times you get throwing the ball like you James Winston. I don't get no he throwing the ball sometimes like Josh had like because he throw picks too but I some interception I'd be like man come on fam, I could have made that read. Come on Daw, how could you possibly think he was? Oh and US fans we get so frustrated with that Don because could have be 25 for 29, 330 something yards, four tees and one pick and the one pick be just terrible.


Like come on. I get it man. You know I'm just saying if you watching this show right now, you know I've been breaking down the top 10 quarterbacks in the game right now. I broke it down to where everybody can understand what I'm talking about and, and, and and showed you that dub know what the hell he talking about. You damn right I do. I don't just get on here just to be talking now when they come to that politics, I don't know sugar about politics. I know y'all being to come Mad Dub you voting for such man. I ain't say I was voting for no damn body. I ain't what I said man. I said for y'all to go out and vote for whoever you wanna vote for. That's all. I don't give a damn about politics. I care about sports and comedy. That shit that ain't my damn lane. Ain't no damn politician and ain't finna be, ain't finna try to be and some of y'all ain't either getting mad man I'm gonna stop five you.


I don't give a damn because if I lose one I gained 10. I got God with me in the end. You understand what I'm telling you man. Hey we rocking and rolling today. Check this out man. If you at work right now man and you can't watch the show, go with Apple Podcast right now. Go with Apple Podcast, go to Spotify and man go and download it man. Go and download Apple Podcast And if you ain't no and and type in The Bubba Dub Show or go download Spotify and type in The Bubba Dub Show man and watch the show man. Subscribe to the show. Leave comments on the audio for your boy. We're doing great Over here on on. We're doing great over here on YouTube. The numbers going up, the lights going up, the views going up, the shares going up. Thank y'all so much for that.


For being nominated for Best Comedy podcast. I'm gonna have a link down below where y'all can go and vote for me for the best comedy podcast and people choice on the podcast. If you don't mind, do me that favor, we'll have a link or you can click on it And, we can get that done. I'm excited man. I'm excited. Time to even be considered in something like this. You know, I just started over here with with the Volume and say say me, I just started over here. I really ain't even really just cranked up yet. Like I'm going to football season. I can't wait. I know y'all can't wait as well. I ain't cranked up yet. So to be already nominated is is just, it's a thanks to y'all for even just coming over here from On show and and scrolling on down and finding out who I am and what I'm about.


Yeah, my show is strictly comedy mixed with sports. I know I got into, I get into other little things but I don't really care about that. That just something to talk about. 'cause I know sometimes y'all be wondering what be going on with certain things and I wanna make sure I tap in with y'all love on certain things. I don't wanna miss nothing. You understand? I don't wanna miss nothing. God damn if you go wild, damn, I'm gonna faucet. That's all I'm saying. We need to be hand, we need to be together while the faucet. You get it, there you go. But nevertheless though man,


this show is also being presented by picks as well. If you're a first time user, I'm gonna show you how to do this. Go and download price picks. Use my promo code TRASHH TRASHH two Hs, that's my promo code. Go there and download it. First time user you can put in a hundred dollars, they'll give you a hundred dollars. So that mean you got $200 to play and the only way you gonna win over here if you, only way you gonna win on Prospect if you going to play Simple as that. The way to play the game is more or less. So they might ask you showy a Tony, how many home runs would you have? They may have one and a half home runs. You either just put more or less, you think he gonna have more home runs or you gonna think he have less than one and a half home runs. Same way. Go with Aaron Judge rbis, you know, I mean rbis a home run, Aaron Judge the home runs that might have him slated for one home run. You either put more or less switching over. You can switch over to hockey as well and, and play the game as well. That they'll ask you on the goals or whatever player you, you wanna pick in hockey. And you either put more or less or you can scroll down to the WNBA agent of Wilson, they may have us later to have 23 points. You put more or less. Only way you gonna win on Prospect is if you don't play. Now when you go and download Prospect, it'll ask you your location, you put your location in, they'll let you know whether or not you can play prospect in your state. As simple as that going, download that right now. Man Prospect is great to play. I be having a lot of fun going, I know a lot of y'all be on there playing. Some of y'all win, some of you lose. That's the game. But on prospect, there's no losers. It's always winners over there, man.


Still got the hell all segment coming up after the TRASHH second day, second coming up. Also, I wanna talk about this, this shooting too that occurred and yeah, I definitely wanna talk about that as well. We'll be right back.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap Rocky, I don't Big Sean Camilla cabal Don't Cat. Dua Lipa Gwen Stefani Halsey Hozier sheaths Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend. Thomas Rad Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate, they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Yeah, back to what I was talking about. Sonya Maxey, RIP lost a life in a senseless murder to a police cop. To a police officer. It's sad man. He didn't do nothing wrong man. You know, sometimes them killings be justified, sometimes they don't. But this killing was not justified at all. Y'all. This woman, sad man, sad when you're not even safe in your own home no more man. And I'm really tired of talking about these things. Many things been occurring, occurring, occurring that shouldn't occur. This police officer done had four, six jobs. Four to six jobs over the last five years. It's not gonna stay with police officer. He need to be in jail. Simple as that man.


The guy need to be in jail. There's nothing else to talk about, man. This is a senseless murder man. I'm talking about senseless murder. I don't know if y'all been following this, but, but please go and follow and, and, and, and check this out. This murder was not justified at all man. It is just wrong. Everything screams wrong about it. You know a couple people been hitting me up about it. I just did a little research on it. But from the most part, just a senseless murder man due to the hands of a police officer. Police officer supposed to be the ones who protect us when we need them. Man, you know when I need, I'm gonna call 'em. I ain't bullshitting when I need the police. I feel like shit. I'm gonna call them man. When I call 'em I need you got for me.


Help motherfucker. I'm scared or whatever. I'm in danger. Nigga protect when they come to your home and gun you down the way they did. Damn cow. They dog. That police officer that killed Ms. Sonya Massey is a damn coly dog. He shouldn't be. He shouldn't be wearing no police suit. He don't deserve to have no badge. He don't deserve to have nothing but a motherfucking long jail scene. That's all he deserves. And that's all I'm gonna say about that man. That's all I'm gonna say about that man. Do your research on that.


Let's get to the hill. No signal y'all, let's get to the hill. No signal man. Live show. He knows what he saw. He Somebody hit me up and ask me, Doug, would you take Dak Preco? Go Pat Mahon. Hell no. Now I love Dak but he ain't no motherfucking Pat Mahon is you crazy. You need to be drug tested asking me something like that. I know I'm a Dak fam account, I know this but we been real now all that bullshit Dak over Pat Neville never.


I could never do that. Somebody else hit me up. Doug, would you take Joe Burrow? Would you take Joe Burrow over Lamar Jackson? Hell no. I was like Joe Burrow, I like you. He ain't no mother fucking Lamar. Ain't too many quarterbacks ever played the game like Lamar Jackson. I know we had the Mike Vicks don't love him and death but Lamar better. Do you hear me? Lamar Jackson is better. He ain't as quick. The electric fineing as Vick was. But his overall quarterback gotta pull Lamar Jackson over but Michael Vick. But the question was would I take Joe Burrow over Lamar Jackson And I'm looking out in your eyes right now.


I'm telling you. Hell no. Hell no. I can't. Not my Lamar Jackson. Not my man who negotiated his own contract with no agent. Shit. Mark Jackson, the man he he did that got more money than they thought he was going to get. And it came out and delivered. Nah, he didn't get 'em to no Super Bowl. But he won League MVP. He did that and they gonna be ready this year again. But Derrick Henry owe up. They gonna be ready again over there. You can, you can, you can you, you can be rest your bottom dollar on that. Somebody ask me, Doug would you stick your hand inside, inside of a hole with a rattlesnake in?


Hell no. Well they rattlesnake denim poison. I'm from Texas. We know all about them. Rattles. You hear rattle before you see that snake. You hear that rat? You get your ass up though. Shit. Only white person can hear a damn rattler. I think I see a horse just a rattlesnake hole. Lemme stick my hand up in there and see watch black people ain't sticking no hand in no goddamn hole. You crazy. See we brought stick our hand some damn potato chip bag without looking And. we sticking our hand in up. We ain't get sticking our hand in up. We looking. Shit. Y'all better get for real around here. I'm trying to help y'all out.


White people trying to help y'all live a little longer lives, man. Shit. Tired y Y'all doing this crazy ass shit man. Don't look around. You losing legs. You getting bit by snakes and pyles. You getting rang over by elephants over there now leave them motherfucking elephants alone. They don't want no damn peanuts. Leave them goddamn elephants alone. I told you white people man, if y'all want something to do, y'all bored. Y'all wanna study somebody, study my baby mama. That's all I'm saying. Study this crazy motherfucker. Man. I, I ain't got no answer for. I ain't got no, I ain't got no answer for now. That's one damn test I can't pass is hard. I need y'all to help me out with that.


Now we finna get back to the damn relationship, relationship crazy day fellas. Y'all know I'm not lying to these women. Won't you to be faithful, pay all the, pay all the bills and be her protector. Never. I'm not doing all three. I need you to protect me. You better get your brother. He always knocking my ass out. Call him. I can't, I can't. I'm not superman. I can put me on earth to be no damn protector. He put me on her to make people laugh. That's what I can do all that, throwing hands, all that. No. Now if we talking about throwing miles and, and I can win that war, but when it come to get right here, I get real quiet. Yeah. I talk all the shit in the world today. I do this and that. But when somebody says let's step outside, I lost.


I'm losing that war every time. I'm not man. I'm motherfucker go out there and do that. Why? Why I wanna go out there and hurt myself and and and get dirty when I'm clean. You know what? I'm, I'm clean. That's my excuse today because I can't fight man. Ain't Finn go out there and fight you dog man? Nah man. I'm better than that. Yeah, you better than that because I'm gonna talk myself out the situation because I don't believe in violence. I don't believe in no violence. I, I I believe in getting by now as a fuck. I'm gonna tell you when I'm by myself, when I'm with my people, you liable to get jumped. Look liable to get jumped and I'm throwing the first punch. Come on, come on. I'm just saying I'm by myself. Ain't got no plex with nobody.


I'm not violent, not violent. When I'm by myself, I'm with my people. Shh. Anything goes. Y'all gonna respect me. Y'all gonna watch how y'all talk to me when I got my people, y'all gonna talk to me with respect. And that's what it's all about these days. Having respect for one another. So we ain't been having that lately man. People will try to run over you if you let 'em man. You know what I'm saying? You can't tell people these days you proud of them or or you happy for 'em without people saying you riding deep. No, you riding deep. No, I just wanna give something. I pay homage to somebody else. Show 'em some respect bro. I appreciate what you're doing ma'am. I'm proud of you. Like it's, it's okay to tell people that you proud of man.


Forget what other people say. Oh man you riding deep. They just mad man. They ain't got nothing going on in their life. So they gonna want nothing going on in your life. Never forget this. People want you to do do good but they gonna never want you to do better than them. That's not me. I want everybody that's around me, everybody I'm as associated with to be doing great or not better than me. That's motivation to me. When I see my homies get houses built and cars and and businesses, that's motivation to me to make me want step my game up and do better than what I'm doing. I'm not sitting back criticiz and talking down or this and that. No, not what I do. I'm here to motivate. Yeah, I'm trying. I'm trying to help the situation.


Everybody in the world know I'm a big LeBron fan. LeBron won that game the other day for USA. Okay, cool. Saves. That's what I want. Saving team USA saves. That's what I want. Save a purple and gold. All I'm saying ad running around here happen. That's what LeBron do. You gonna do what you gonna do? I'm sorry y'all. I got, I got, I got hot. You know I get hot and I talking about them Lakers, I get hot, I get frustrated. Woo. Shout to my boy Lil Wayne too man.


I don't know if y'all heard it man. Get shot at me out in the song man. Shout to Lil Wayne. Song is called Saturday Mornings with Corde. Go and check it out. Check out the Lil Wayne for that man. Big ups to Wayne for that man. I'm feeling good y'all. I'm in a good place right now man. The podcast is doing great, feeling good. I just love it when y'all get into comments, when y'all, when y'all talk, when y'all talk that talk to me. You know dub love, you know what I'm saying? Because I'd be writing the comment with y'all. And don't forget by watching this show, by sharing this show, I'm gonna fly somebody out, A couple of people out. Not at one. No, not at one time. You know, different times of the year I'm gonna fly flying people out to go to the baseball games, the football game and the basketball games For me.


You could be that person that I fly out and go to the game with and have fun with. That's my way of giving back. That's I want y'all to really know who Bubba do is as a person, as a man, as a father, as an entrepreneur. I want y'all to really know who I am at heart and what I stand for. I only stand for love and peace and to respect everybody. That's what I'm about man. I'm a standup guy man. I so love and respect to anybody that so love to me. I'm not disrespecting nobody. I don't care what color you are, what size you are, I'm just a respectable guy. I'm gonna continue to be that. So with that being said, keep sharing this show and you will have a chance to come out to the ball games with me man.


And have some fun and enjoy life. That's one thing about life you got to enjoy. A lot of people didn't, didn't get the legacy past 15 or 21 or or 30-year-old, whatever because I know I got some 45 years old watches. I got some 50-year-old watching some 60-year-old watching. Shout out to y'all, salute to y'all. But enjoy your life man. You only get one. You don't wanna be in the nursing home. Boy, I have a time where I coulda went and didn't. You don't wanna be that. You wanna be the guy. Say man, if I had an opportunity I made, I made the most of it. Some of y'all who watching and wanna go back to school, take your as back to school fam. You real talk. Some of y'all who can't get a job, go and get you a trade man. You ain't got to sell dope. You ain't got to steal. Rob you all that a scam. Go and get you a motherfucking trade man.


Real talk and better than yourself. Ain't nothing like better than yourself. Some of y'all are making $12 an hour now you making 14. Some of you're making $20 now you're making 20. It's all about the face. It ain't where you start. It's where you in baby. This show was started at the bottom. Now we trending in the right mother. I love it. Hopefully y'all love it too. 'cause I'm gonna keep it real on this show. Gonna be funny, but it's gonna be the truth. One thing I'm learning about entertainment business, people don't like the truth. They'd rather hear lies, but you ain't gonna hear no lies over. I'm just giving you the truth and opinions from the way I see things. Now your top 10 might be different from mine. That's cool. Some of us might have the same players but in a different order.


That's cool. But I gotta give it to you truthfully, how I really see things right now and, and I believe in calling spa. But I do, I'm do, I'm just saying. And I honestly say this, you with man every chick I been with cheating on me man. I mean, I been down in dirt, I been crying man. I can cry to my girl mama, man. And like in her arms, not coming out my nose. I'm crying, just sad. Walking in the rain. You know what I'm saying? You know, looking for knowing she at another dude house and shit. Man, I, I been through, I been through it. Y'all all been through a fire, through the wire with Kanye. I been through the fire like Chaka Chung, Chaka kung.


I been through a fire. But now better. See, I was lost. Now I'm found. You know what I'm talking about. I was lost. Nah, I'm fine. Same way with y'all. Somebody watching the show could be depressed, going through some shit. Have a bad day. It ain't over. Lord. Wake you up to see another day. You got another day to do something now. Not another day to go out and fuck off another day to do something with your life. Do something with your life. TRASHH of the day, going to the NFL who made that top 10 quarterback list? TRASHH absolutely TRASHH. And y'all know it. Y'all need to reach out to the real people, man.


To the real Like, like, okay, you wanna go to the football players and coach? Cool. Reach out to some fans. We, we know who, we know who he's and ain't. We the one spending that hard earned money going to these motherfucking gang buying jerseys, And. We the one start reaching out to the people. They gonna speak the truth. Y'all gonna bullshit and be biased and not, ain't no bias on this show. Ain't no motherfucking bias on this show. I ain't got no ties to nobody. I'm gonna keep it 100 whether you like it or not. That's what, that's what got me where I'm at today. Being 100, sticking to, sticking to what I really believe in. I'm not letting nobody come over here and change the way I think in my no.


So ain't why I came over here with the Volume and say say, Hey, let me continue to be me in this partnership. We got together. You can't find it. Nowhere else. They want to dictate my real deal over here. Be you Bubba. You know how white boys talk. Be you Bubba. Absolutely. That's the only way I know how to be is me. That's how I'm being me. I'm, I'm having fun. Hopefully y'all having fun listening 'cause you can't get this shit no way. Or player. Not this type of comedy and sports talk and, and the world. You can't get it nowhere. Not like how I do it. A lot of people do it, but not like I do it. You know what I'm saying? What you, when I'm doing what I'm doing, while I'm doing it, as I'm doing it, can't nobody do it like your boy.


That's all I'm saying. Rock and Rolling Day. I told y'all man, getting them coming section. Talk to me, email me at Bubba morgan94@gmail.com. Email me, talk to me. Yeah, that's what I'm here for. Talk to y'all. I can tell y'all this every show, man. Email me, ask me questions. Pick my brain man on anything you trying to do. Pick my brain. I give you an answer. If I see it, I will reply and give you an answer. Now when I, like I say this weekend, your boy do gonna be out there on the west coast. Yeah, I'm gonna be at Tommy t Pleasanton, California. Got four shows. Two Friday, two Saturday at Tommy t Clunk Sunday. You can catch me in Sacramento at punchline.


Pull up if you ain't gonna be able to make it in you, in them area. Tell your people, man, go see my boy do he The truth. I guarantee I won't let you down. If you think you love me on this show here, see me in real life. That's all I'm saying. Come see the come see the show in real life. I'm him. I'm here. Thank y'all for watching. I see y'all. When I see y'all, I'm Out The Volume.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast. Deep cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream. Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.