
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Holiday magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spins slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


The Holidays are here and so is the IKEA winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save up to 50% off on select items in store and online. Now through January 7th plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items. Offer valid in the US through one seven mall supplies. Last selection may vary by store and online. See store and ikea USA dot com slash winter sale. For complete terms restrictions, apply


The Volume. Come on in here then come on in here. I'm waiting on you. Hit the like button. Hit the like button man. Thank y'all for coming over to The Bubba Dub show. If it's your first time, hit the like button and go and hit the subscribe button for me right now. We got a whole lot to talk about today. I big on the road doing shows. I've been down there San Antonio full of for heels full of man, full of hot mile pandemic. I'm back at the Creole now.


We gonna turn up today before I even get started. I need y'all to make something happen for me. I need y'all set up a motherfucker celebrity boxing match. Me and Jerry Jones. I want Jerry Jones. If Mike Tyson can fight God thing Jay Paul, I can fight Jerry Jones. I want him in the ring right now at t. Come on. I want Jerry Jones right now. Watch me get out. I ain't never won fight but I bet you I win against Jerry. I bet you that I'm gonna knock the mayonnaise out the sandwich. Did y'all see what the Eagles did to us yesterday?


Buy oneself. I was down there. I told them cut the mother TV off. That shit was scaring my kids. Cut that shit off. Why many motherfuck game do we need to see Cooper run? We know what he's trash. We know what Cooper is. He a good guy and back up. That's all. And we gotta run it back in Rico. We gotta run it back in him. I'm gonna get to the game in a minute but I need y'all to do something for me.


I need y'all to set the celebrity boxing match up. Me and Jerry Jones in the one fucking ring. One on one and you bet not run he I want you to sit in the pocket and I want you to take these God licks on. Give you I'm like Tank. I'm like Tank Davis in the ring. I'm looking for a knockout boy. Y'all come on my show right now. Come on fam. Jerry Jones 85 years old. That's the whole point. Why I'm fighting him because he can't stick and move and I can't. I'm all about taking advantage of people and goddammit he want and and I ain't taking no exceptions. I him and I ain't taking no D either for no money.


I want blood set it up. Me and Jerry Jones in the ring. Right. Shit over with my grandpa rolled over that motherfucking grave knowing I could put hands on Jerry. Y'all set this shit up now let me get to the game that that that we had yesterday. Cooper RU 15 for twenty eight, a hundred forty seven yards. One tv, one pick Trey, get his ass out. Look what we gonna get Trey land for. Why we gonna get Trey land if we ain't gonna plan? We gonna need Cooper ru. We gonna sing enough from Cooper and he ain't gonna get the job though.


Mike, mark Courtney, Jerry Jones, Cooper, Russ and Steven Jones. They go Jerry Cooper, Mike and you know the last one right here Jerry, come on get your ass in there and stay in there. Don't you come out played the Philadelphia Eagles right there yesterday. The Philadelphia Eagles be 41 seventh they 13 and three now they had Kenny Pickett. I thought Kenny Pickett. Well damn Moreno. I said damn where Kenny Pickett get that damn good. He was flawless back there. He was what, 10 for 15? 1 43, 1 touchdown. That wasn't good enough. He left us, his kidney was hurt.


So who they bring in? They bring in some motherfucker. White boy ain't telling him McKee. Tell him McKee come to find out. 3 4, 4 54 yard, two to down. I thought it was goddamn Drew Breeze. They being up with a third quarterback and that motherfucker still the head coach. Jimmy Johnson rolling over in his grave right left to with Terry Branch out. And how old is Terry? Bradshaw gotta be 95. He been on that Fox show 75 damn years. Fox. When y'all gonna get some new blood up there? What you mean up there? Everybody up there got Dre hair and crew including Michael Strahan that came from Nicole Murphy.


Don't you gonna run behind Dy? No it created a monster Nicole. She like that jaw even though she's fine but she like that jaw. Then Shaquan 31 carries 167 yard ran all over us now Michael Parson, you can run and jump your ass on that podcast but you can't run and jump on the quarterback. Make it make sense. No I'm sick of this shit. I'm sick of the shit that my eyes are seeing. I don't wanna believe half the shit. I see but I'm seeing it too much. I'm seeing you on that podcast too.


Motherfucking much. Two tackles yesterday. 60 million by whole game. Two motherfucking tackles. No six. You can't do your job nigga you can't take a shower at the end of the game. You got to ride home. Must you gotta ride home musty now I used to think the Titans, I used to think the Jaguar with the laughing stock of the league against the motherfucking cap off. People too itching every week just to watch us get our ass tore off the bone. You know who the Dallas cowboy is right now we gonna oxtail by my homeboy lead barbecue. Y'all know big lead barbecue. We gonna oxtail we look good but we'll fall off the goddamn bone.


That's us. We 79. We 79. What a motherfucking disappointing you. It was. I was hyped for the very first game mother year. Y'all know I ain't lying. Y'all been with me every step of the way. I was talking cash mother shit to everybody. It's the cowboys year but damn it I've been humble. Ive been humble now I just turned on TV today. I seen Dak Prescott in a Lowe's commercial lowe's com Ain't Lowe's stand for home improvement. Well God D when you gonna improve? When you gonna improve Fa We go to a third stream quarterback. We ain't, we ain't lose the sip and sub her even though he in a coma right now asleep.


Goddamn we lost to King Pickett and town. Somebody tell me what town I went to college at. I want a motherfucking know. You can't, you can't tell me that because you don't know Eagles. Eagles looking like the team to beat in the NC right now. They looking like the team to beat when they get, when they get hurt back they already got Saquon. That damn Devonte Smith went off yo stay six catches, 120 yards. He make enough for that mis catch he had last week. AJ Brown had three catches, 36 yards. We couldn't do a mustard seed. Wes out my boy lamb for the rest of the year. He done shoulder hurt. Cool. We need to rest you get you ready for next season.


Maybe we can get some hip, maybe we can go on the draft and get some good players coming in. But other than that y'all I'm disappointed man we we a laugh and stop of the NFL man. It ain't even funny. And the guy Tan McKee, I thought the motherfucker would Ron Jaworski. I thought Tan McKee would Ron Jaworski again. I had to, I had to put glasses on just to see who he was phone ringing. Man look at this shit. Bam. I cut it off. I said goddamn horror movie I saw yesterday. That's the Oh I know y'all tired of be crying man. But I'm a die hard cowboy fan man.


I love my team man. I love my team man. But my team ain't looking like a team no motherfucking mo. We a lemon big beautiful stadium but we a motherfuck lemon And here Jerry want to fly in on his motherfucking helicopter. Oh you need to be taking the bus. We already know you on Puree food Jerry Zone. You ain't got the food of public family. That's okay. When you get old, you get older. You can't eat solid food no more. Jerry, we know that. We know you on puree filled food out. That's why you told him. Keep the camera outta there when you eat. You used to eat the crackers and shit. You can't eat crackers like that no more. You ain't got no, you know what I'm saying? Your teeth ain't hard if they used to be fam.


I get it. But let somebody else come in and run the damn team. Let's let somebody else come in here and leave us to victory. We tired of losing you a bad shepherd. The fans is a sheep. You can shepherd we a sheep and God damnit. I can't follow no bad. She no damn mo. I'm a league of my damn self. Let lead the team, let go in there and get some act right And I start with goddamn Mike mcc, how you doing? Don't ask me how I'm doing. Don't even worry about cleaning out your locker. I get somebody to clean your office out for you. I got you. You get your ass off the premises. That's one thing about white folks. You get your ass off the premises right now.


We'll mail you your goddamn check. Won't you come up here, try to pick up your check. We'll mail it to you. You get your rabbit ass off the premises. White folks don't play about that. They'll escort your ass off the premises quick with security or with the law. Either way you got to go to have somebody in your position by tomorrow. That's why y'all need to stop valuing each job like that. Dying for these jobs. These jobs ain't dying for you. Soon as you die Dave. Somebody else gonna be in your motherfucking position better enjoy your life. You better enjoy your motherfucking life right now while you can. Saco. Barkley going for the record. I'm hearing too much talking going on behind this record.


Eric Dickerson, I respect you for what you dig in this NFL you a Hall of Famer but you talking about you on respect. What Saco doing? Well hold on fam. Last time I checked OJ had that goddamn record in 14 games over 2000 yards. It took you 16, it took you 16 time. I checked. Got 30 something less than you got. Now we ain't gonna do all that. We gonna congratulate but they don't wanna talk about oj. They wanna keep talking like Eric Dickerson. Let's talk about the juice that Negro was loose. Oh man, he'll kill her now in. Now in the eyes of the court, he was found not guilty.


He was found not guilty. Whether we think he did it or not, don't matter. The man was found not guilty. And one thing about God, OJ back on that football field, the boy could cut and get loose. You thought he was evading them cops in they Bronco. You should have seen him when he was a damn buffalo pill back in 73. That nigga was running for wild back then in 73. The white folks didn't play back in them early seventies. See now these white folks, now that y'all be mad at these white folks now can't be racist as hell. They, they ain't got nothing to do with they for for father. But back in them seventies, see you, them old they were running for it life on their field.


And when you go home, y'all just don't realize how we had it and how we still got times done, got better. But back in those days, street, you don't think the Mafi was up there in Buffalo, you better run that bald nigga street God juice was to me hitting that hole going 85 motherfucking yard don't slow as white boy couldn't keep on with the juice. The juice with the USC in case y'all didn't know he hit that motherfucking hole and he was dumb. Yeah, OJ ran for 2000 yards and 14 games. Eric Dickon did it in 16. Hell, hell if you really wanna talk about it, Barry Sandler had 2053 yards and 16 games too.


Hell God dare you won't be technical about it right now. Sayquan got 2005 yards the record 2020 105 yard. I want him to get the record against his old Tina Giants. I want him to run that ball all motherfucking day. All that. Nah man, I get running man. And if he ain't getting I'll take in my head No, no Shaquan. If you, if you ever hear me, bam, go and get that record dog. Don't listen to what these people say. Oh man, it's the playoffs man. You know you gotta look at the bigger picture. Damn the bigger picture, the bigger picture for me to get the record and get my money on because a lot from a running back don't last that long. Get your M nigga.


Damn what we say? Get your, I'm already talking to my offensive line. Hey big boy God damnit, I want you to block your ass off Sunday evening. I want you to go down through. I want that goddamn ruckle. You gimme that goddamn ruckle. Boy I get you belly. That's why I tell my offensive line y'all gimme the record. I buy everybody on this offensive line a bit. I know you can buy your own but God damnit this from me, this from sound. This is from St. Nick. I go and get it. I don't give a damn about the bigger picture. I'm going to get it. It's just like these female, I ain't sleeping with you on the first night. Oh you can go. You ain't looking at the big picture. You gimme what I want then nine times outta 10 I'm gonna call you again.


If you gonna gimme what I want the first time, I'm not calling you no damn bro. Or you want that gray value ice cream. You don't want that blue bell. You want that gray value ice cream? Well go and get it then. I'm Blue Bell Ice Cream. I'm top of the line. I'm the vanilla kind. And when it's my birthday, I'm the cookies and cream. Come on, I'm the goddamn cookies and cream ka. That's what I, I'm telling you. Don't go and get the record Quan. Stop listening to everybody saying go and get the Rucker. If I'm you, I'm going to get it. Moving on to the next game. I know y'all seen them packs and them Viking just they battling now. They was battling.


Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing? They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


It's right from the Bobby Bone Show here to tell you that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4. Yeah. Available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander seating up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more of this national sales event. The deals are there when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. That's buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places


Our kids have said to us. Since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot Of doors for us. Just This overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about faith this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah, all you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Oh it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh No, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room W.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to Install. No, it was easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at You. A Hall of Fame son. Oh I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh. Blinds.com is the goat. The Goat Shop up to 45% off select styles. Plus a free professional measured and a 100% satisfaction guarantee during the blinds.com year-end blowout up to 45% off now@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Appreciate that. Hundred dollars somebody seen. God bless you. Look packs in the bike and were battling yesterday. And let me just say again, pack is started too late. Jordan Love you got to start your engine early. You like a old Chevy. You just can't go out there and just crank it. Go. You gotta pack the gas a little bit in them. Old schools got an old school. No I ain't lying. You gotta pack the gas a little bit when you turn ignition then get started. No you ain't old Jordan. You young. You supposed to be pushed. Start and post to automatically crank didn't happen in your state. Sam Donner come out on your ass. Sam Don come out on your ass if I ain't mistaken. Sam Dawn look like Sam Bradford back when Sam Bradford was in Oklahoma College.


Everybody know how, how good Sam Bradford was in college. That's who Sam Darling looking like right now. For what? They 14 and total. I ain't been talking about the mics and mu because I don't really believe but I don't believe her now. Chris K rode over in this damn grave. Him and Warren Moon and Don take color pucker and don't you forget about running the color ham either. Right. Ball rolling on this grave right now. Minnesota. I wanna give y'all props for what y'all been able to do this season. I don't know who quarterback coach up there for Minnesota. But y'all doing a hell of a job with Sam Don on the man and see the field.


The man ha over 377 passing yard. Three touchdown, one inception. Justin Jefferson had eight catches 92 yards. He they're doing it by Kga. He, he, he, he throwing the ball to everybody. It is a beautiful thing to see what Minnesota doing right now. And I love Minnesota because that's where my first show gonna be on the league one tour. We kicking out Win Minnesota my first tour. That's where we gonna be in Minnesota. Grab them tickets we lose. That's where I'm gonna be at. Back to the game though. Jordan Love 19 for 3,085 yard one tv. You start at two. Damn mate. Like I just said earlier, you start at too late fam Ja Jacob 17 Kerry 67 yard. But your fumble with your fumbling ass boy you gotta hold onto the ball.


You know that if the defender right here you gotta have a ball right here Pam. And you gotta tuck it. You ain't doing that. You ain't protecting the ball. I don't give a damn how good you are if you can't protect the ball, your ass going be on the sideline. It's the name of the game baby. Protect the ball, keep the turnovers down. You already seen your defense can't stop. Sam Donna. AKA Sam Braford so that means the offense you gotta make it count. You gotta make it count. Romeo Dobbs had seven catch with 58 yards too. Both of your teams in the playoffs. Viking 14 to two. The Packers 11 five. This is the same division that the Detroit lines in right now.


Everybody in that division getting off except for Chicago Bird. They ain't even know NFL team. That's a UFC team. Like they need to sell the whole Bird's organization to somebody else. Maybe a group of players or or whatnot can come in and and and change their whole franchise over for Chicago because they got rid of Love Smith a couple years ago and and they was 10 and six now you ain't brought in nobody else that's doing better than what Love Smith was doing. Yeah man I'm gonna talk about it. Lemme tell you Negroes another thing too. Pick up your motherfucking book and read it. You wanna hide something from a nigga, put it in a book. Go and read you some books.


Got too much time on your hand. Go and read you some motherfucking books so you can get better so you can learn more things. Learn more trades. That's what we need to do. The white people ain't holding us back no more. It's us. And start with education. Start with education y'all stop blaming them white folks. Can't blame these white folks right now. When people that we all blaming they dead and gone. These white folks right here let you get this money, these four folks will let you in. So what we all do including my black ass, we gotta get our shit together. We gotta come together. Even if we gotta put our bread together, start some kind of business. Damnit. That's what we need to be doing. Two brains better than one.


Do you hear me? Two brains better than one motherfucking brain. And I'm telling y'all the truth today. Gotta use your brain sometime. My sister done got into a fight down at the mall yesterday. Y'all I'm in San Antonio. Real talk. She done got into a fight. How about this whole FaceTime? Me? Yeah it's okay bro. Where you at? Pull up y'all My brother on my, on his way. I hung that motherfucking phone up and hit blah. She motherfucker possess what a demon and she think I'm gonna come down fight shit I don't get in people, other people business no more. I learned my lesson with that two black eye bloody nose and a broken jaw That will tell you right there I'm minding my own motherfucking business and you should too come calling me, FaceTiming me crying and going on bro.


I need you to pull up I I'm not calling and I say it loud so other people could hear 'cause I didn't want them thinking oh Doug pull up. Oh I'm gonna put something up now I won't Them hear me lie and clear when she said bro pull up. No that's how I said it and hung that motherfucker. They my I did and I do it again too. Buffalo Bills ran through the jet yesterday. Buffalo Bills 13 three. The New York Jets. I mean Rat Jets four and four, four and 12. When I got Aaron Roger like they were gonna save the world. New York going down in flames right now. Hey y'all know what been going on in New York. The nine left get gone.


They going out JayZ what's really going on in New York right now? Brooklyn n Trash. Aaron Rogers lemme tell you what he did yesterday. Y'all 12 for 18 112 yard two interception Devonte Adam five session for four seven yard. You should stage your ass in bagels fam. That's where you might well should stayed in bagel running up here a ride like you going change the world. Mm. If shit not happening this ain't green babe. This new yard, the big apple and only people that's eating that motherfucking apple is them rats. Have y'all seen them goddamn rats in New York lately?


Y'all seen no motherfucker got BBS up there? Them rat ain't got no stump. The bro got bb. No and they got they nails done too. Shit got them. Josh Allen was 16 for twenty seven a hundred eighty seven yard two T Cook 15 for 53 Cooper three for 56 and Coleman three for 27. Cooper Haggert and Coleman had a TV told y'all who coming out the a c there's only three teams coming out the a c and the just not one. It's the Be Ravens. Jeez come on everybody else Yas gonna be at home with me loving what I'm seeing from the Buffalo Ke I love you but Jo Allen is not the MVP I'm sorry to tell you got MVP going down.


It's gonna be between Lamar. It's gonna be between Lamar Golf say I doing that's what the MVP going down to and I would throw Saco in there too. And another person I would throwing nothing. If his team end up getting to the playoffs I give him hell of a consideration would be Joe Burrow and what he doing 'cause he don't play defense before it's offense. He putting up 30 plus every motherfucking game. Defense give no ball. That's power And don't think that white boy ain't got the goddamn power go the top and tell them who he won't go. On the defense that white boy got the power. That white boy got a Batmobile paid for two years ago.


It still ain't been delivered. Not no new. That coin ain in two months. God damnit I want my money bad do you? I want my money bad. Yeah but that new thing is I feel like coming out the a c go is Buffalo Ravens and the Chiefs, we already know what Pat Mahomes gonna do in the playoffs. He gonna win. So right now I got them the favorite because of the history. The track ruck, he already got three rings. God damnit they gonna one two back to back and they looking for a third Ravens if they can continue to run the ball the way they been running that motherfucking ball because I know he leading the STA and right now they got him favorite fucking MV MVP. But he got Derrick Henry. Derrick Henry got 1800 Motherfucking if the Baltimore Ravens won to take the next step in the playoffs, Lamar gotta win.


I gonna give a damn about regular season. He probably gonna give a damn about regular season no more either. He gotta get some wins in in in that playoffs and he gotta give his team there and deliver. But if they continue to run that ball with Lamar and with Derrick Henry don't be surprised the Baltimore Ravens don't come out the a FC district. They might be right down in New Orleans. One will be at goddamn come Super Bowl. Damn God Ravens and I I'm real for it. I'm real for it. Or it could be Patty Mahon or it could be Buffalo either. I ain't tripping my team at the motherfucking aisle right here, we at the house where we always be at around this time. I ain't doing no tripping. I ain't got used to this shit.


But it ain't the same no more. Normally a cowboy make it to the plow after first round. Now we can't even fucking make it. The burger don't taste the same no motherfucking mo bum be. I appreciate it. Damn y'all bum be my team trash. That's why I'm not mentioning the Texas. I tell you what bum be. You want your Texas to win. You got to start feeding them nigga Tri burgers before the game. That's the way the Texas gonna win. You got to start feeding them nigga Tri burgers before the game because they, if y'all ain't never had no tri burgers, hey the tripping bomb BUGK Peterson got the best goddamn damn tri burgers in the world.


I'm not saying that 'cause that's my homie I'm telling you that. What's what I know start feeding them nigga Tri Burgers before the like Popeye this spin. That's why they ain't been winning. They ain't, they ain't been getting tri burgers. Mommy put the word in to DCO R You got this No telling me y'all gotta eat trio burgers of fo King. Watch how they start kicking ass again. You gonna thank me later. You going to thank me later. Don't nigga Somet burger motherfucker Tasty. They like Pringles once you pop you can't stop. You just can't eat one. You got to eat two or three of them. Ho Bomb be invited me out there one time. Y'all like last year to the game he had them T tri burgers shit he told me he helped myself. I'm a nickle. You can't tell me that I ate four.


No mama some th was easing back up hitting them two. I was looking in here. No he tall nigga whatcha getting you get your rich ass out here going get you some uvs. You need to get tri or burgers to me real tall. Falcons in the cab command fought played yesterday. My two brothers, you know I love this matchup. Two African American quarterbacks going at it. Jayden Daniels and Michael P Jr. Oh I loved it. Michael Pena Jr. Were 19 for 35. 223 yard one Tgy one in seven B Robinson 17 for 90 Drake London and seven from 1 0 6 Jayden Daniels.


Y'all listen to these ST 24 for thirty six two hundred and thirty seven Passeng yard three tees, one pick rushing yard 16 carriers 127 yard. Them two motherfucker Mike Dick ran the CU rolling on their living room right in that front of the fireplace. Loved them what they was seeing yesterday from the commanders in the god falcon the commanders 11 five ain't eight Need the falcons to make it to make it took a play off because the city kind of suffering right now. And this ain't the same in loud that it used to be from when I'm hearing back in the Freaknik days when it wasn't number wasn't number big ass peaches down now.


Now number stu down there in Atlanta. I love it now I'm just saying it used to be Georgia Peaches now. Nah, nah now it's just nuts if you know what I mean And I I I'm just saying now I'm gonna give you prop you cowboy but I wouldn't mind seeing Atlanta Falcons in the playoffs. I'm not, no lie I'm not no Hager I I go in line every time I go down nothing. I have a great time. The food ain't all that but the women eat because the women tell me duh ain't enough niggas shit I'm from Texas. You know how put this rule in you, you gonna call me tomorrow Never motherfucker you my queen come punk.


This isn't everything. Come here lay up on the me. I thought we were gonna be together. Shit you couldn't have thought that. You couldn't have thought that I'm not a player. I just crush a lot. Yeah bad older brother yesterday man Michael p Jr Kirk cousins over on that sideline. I'm loving every motherfucking big of it Now you feeling how RG three fell that time when he was hurt, when he was playing bad? They put you in now now God damnit the roses reverse. You hear me? The rose in reverse? Yeah we gave you a hundred million. We going to give a damn you can't cut the mustard. This young brother right here like the fried fish when it's hot you can't fry fish.


You can't fry fish unless the greases hot. You stay here. Grease gotta be hot when you frying fish. Michael P Jr frying fish y Y'all better pay attention to what's going on right here. You gotta pay attention what's going on. Moving on to my lake coach. They gonna make a dream. They done got rid of talking now Dlo thank God since this ass to Brooklyn. Since this ass to Brooklyn. You know Dlo was out there in LA with Diggy too. He know how Diggy business so now he in New York he closer Shit. Dlo finna be a witness in that case. Yeah he talked on Nick Young. What make you think he won't talk about dig Shit come on.


Yeah some conspiracy shit going on. We got Dorian Finn Smith in right now and I like that trade. I like that trade because LeBron 45, 80, 30 but he got the bones of a 75-year-old man shit we need all the goddamn help we can get. It's a beautiful thing when LA winning. I ain't like it's beautiful when LA winning everybody up there goddamn Hollywood walking around white people walking they Yorkers and shit. Everything good go LA When LA winning y'all go up to the Hollywood man go up to the Hollywood man off the block. White people walking their dog. They got their Porsches. They got their Ferraris out. God damn you got me me, it's LA baby.


Good weather, good green shit need the old skinny. That ain't my type. You know I had to fly something in, you know what I'm saying but I'm just saying go LA go down there to the crypto ringer LeBron them man when they bawling there goddamn LeBron James back bawling again too. And you niggas quiet about it. Y'all was talking while that young man was in the goddamn gym. That's where I life. It ain't how you start in life, it's how you end baby Bernie doing his thing right now. When he ain't playing nobody I don't give him, I don't hear that shit. Don't give him his props now don't give him man his props now on what he's doing.


He's growing. Is he gonna be LeBron? No. No. But can he be a good basketball player in the NBA? Yes he can. I think he's showing us that right. God now he's showing us that and I'm loving what I'm seeing from Ronnie James right now. I'm just not loving what I'm seeing from Anthony Davis. Y'all be hitting you up dub you so hog on ad he he played a lot of games last year. Yes he did. But last year don't matter fa we talk about right now day gay man 31 motherfucking years old y'all the bones of a 74-year-old man. That don't make sense though. We need you. Why LeBron gotta be the best player on the team when he 40. LeBron supposed to be the third best player on the team right now and he supposed to be leading this team. Ar supposed to be leading this team.


Rui supposed to be leading this team but instead you got LeBron coming out here playing 30, 35 millions a tonight trying to get me 25 10 rebound a assist. Come on fam. That's a lie. He already got a million miles on his motherfucking knee. Come on man. Let's make it make sense. And I'm tired of this goat argument man. Jordan a goat. Damnit. I'm gonna say MJ a goat. Y'all keep saying J could go. Well I'm gonna start some new shit even though I'm bull sitting there. Jordan was on bad uncle. Ain't no way a nigga could jump that high flying air like that and be full of liquor and cigarette smoke. That nigga was on something.


It's ready from the Bobby Bone Show here to tell you that the National sales event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4. Yeah available with all-wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander seating up to eight passengers and available panoramic moon roof. You can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more of this national sales event. The deals are there when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. That's buy a toyota.com Toyota let's go places.


Hello It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spins slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Our Kids have said to us since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota The star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple and it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types and it's designed to work as a complete skincare system leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PG. A torque split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match. January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up, it's gone.


I ain't know M Home something. I don't give a damn. What y'all say? Your Barry bum was good too. He was hitting home run but he started hitting them hoes in Sharks mouth when he got on them steroids. Tell me I'm lying. Barry Burn he the home run good in San Francisco when he got on that shit he started hitting them to them goddamn shorts. Them sharks that open they mouth for when Barry ain bat because they knew it's coming to him. Jordan was on that shit. A legend. Y'all keep talking about bro. J was on his to he went ball early too. Baldheaded niggas the goat look at ball beef. Baldhead can rap his motherfucking ass out. Pimp Baldhead The God was one of the greatest resistance in the game.


Pac Baldhead. Goddamn do I need to keep going MJ Baldhead Tiger Wood Baldheaded he a warm moon 55 Baldheaded ball. Some about them baldhead niggas but I don't know what it is. The Baldheaded nigga got gifts them baldheaded men. I think God didn't tell us that in the Bible about them. Baldhead nigga. He told about Samsung with the her and the strength but he forgot a nigga with Baldhead got strength too. Shaq ball hit it. Motherfucker got 700, 700 businesses. Nigga King Smith knees touched when he walked got a yeast to fix. We got one of the badest woman in the motherfucking game.


King Smith can barely get out the goddamn bed. I love you king but can barely get out the goddamn bed. Got one of the badest women in the game so bark too. How the ghost we baldheaded men need to be studying. Jill Bezo. Baldhead need to be studying putting y'all on game here today. And don't forget what I told you nigga start reading books got some time on your hand. Your girl tripping or you ain't got nothing to do. Find your book and read it. I promise you. You going, you, you going. I promise you. You going like what I'm telling you man, I'm gonna come on here next time I'm gonna come live. I'm gonna give y'all a book to read and God we all gonna read together.


We going to study together. God damnit we going grow together. Y'all been growing with me on this podcast and throughout my career I y'all been able to see me. God we going to grow together. I don't wanna leave nobody behind God Damnit, if you wanna be up in front you on right up here with us. 'cause as a black man I'm tired of losing another black man to senseless crimes robbing, you know what I'm saying? Killing people. Oh man they on my turn. We don't own no motherfucking blocks, we don't own no apartments, we don't own no hospitals. We don't own no jail. We don't own shit. That's how we come together. So when I see my brothers and sister doing good, I'm in the background clapping like this. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.


Yeah. You getting to it. Can you show me how to get to it? What's the proper steps that you took? Yeah, you can't take this shit with what you to the grave. So if I can give you some game I'm gonna give it to you now. That's what the white folks doing. They having meetings every goddamn Wednesday night for the last 60 years. Y'all don't even know it. Y'all think they all against goddamn ratting. They ain't ratting. They letting each one know you gonna make this this quarter, you gonna make this this quarter. You gonna make this this quarter. And goddamn we gonna go up here to the goddamn mountain and god kill bears. That's what the white folk do. Why we can't do it now? We ain't fucking with no bears now. We'll go sand Padre Islands and all this shit. You know we'll do all that. We ain't fucking with no wild, know what I'm saying? We'll go on vacation but we ain't fucking with them bears and sharks now y'all white people.


Y'all done lost us on that. We got simply sand though. We have to come together. Stop getting mad when somebody say one thing. Stop being so sensitive. I don't like that nigga no more. He said this so I don't like him no more. I see a lot of people doing that all the time. I see a lot of people saying well he OGs ain't giving back. They ain't fucking OGs to give back. They done sold Sugar Blueprint nickel. They done sold you the blueprint country. Wayne showed me the blueprint how to get the money on the internet. So if you following watching me, I know I shoulda done rubbed off on some of y'all and show you how to get this money. You ain't gotta sell your motherfucking soul to get no money. Just be you. Lot of times y'all be telling these rappers man you need to change and when they change you ain't gonna do nothing complain.


So let people be who they are. Are stop trying to change people man. Let people be who they are. Stop being hating. Stop hating all the time man. I talk shit about these players but I ain't hating. I just want these motherfuckers to play better. That's all my shit is. Confidence in a crazy way. I just wanna see you ball out. I know you not gonna ball out every game. I know that we hearing, I told this know you not gonna go out here and get 40 points. I know that. Damn. I know you not gonna get me 40 points every I know but when I see you bullshitting and slacking around I'm gonna call you out. Yeah you bullshit it last night. What you gonna do tomorrow?


Great players don't have two or three games, bad games in a row. Good players maybe have one game in a bad game after that. That next game they coming back and they redeeming theyself. Same here if I, if I don't do right like other last week when I was in that hotel room I had them headphones on outta your was trash. I was mad to them motherfucker. I ain't gonna lie. I don't like what people tell me. My audio will trash. I don't God damnit we got to fix it. We gotta fix it now. People don't wanna listen to no trash ass audio And I don't blame you but it's all about getting better. That's what I want to do. I want to get better. You should want to get better. God damnit. No we all getting better then there shouldn't be no motherfucking problem.


Yeah I'm loving with Tmac and Vince Cole and them was able to do to get into the buffalo beer. I need some more brothers to come up and get together and Peach G and get a team. That's shit. That's love. That's motivation to see my brothers on the NFL team. NBA team, baseball team, food restaurant. I I wanna do that shit too. But they gonna make me wanna go and rob and steal you. He gonna make me want he only when I see him and talk down. No that's motivation. I can always tell y'all too because I be joking not but I'm real. I don't want now another nigga woman. I don't want your mother fucking woman. Why niggas to kill you behind a woman boy never forget that shit.


Your partner could love you death. Try to highlight his girl. Try to highlight his ex why? How the relationship shift. Go and get your own better when you go and get your own. You ain't gotta worry about looking on shows each and every motherfucking day.


If you're watching this show then you know it presented by prize fix, real talk scan. That barcode right there first time users for $5 in, they gonna give you 50 bet more or less on your favorite player. I heard somebody earlier say they won $212. That's what I'm talking about. Keep playing. Only way you gonna win if you gonna keep playing, keep playing.


If you can't watch my show sometime go with Apple podcast and go with Spotify. Download The Bubba Dub Show. The likes are to be up right now. The views are to be through a motherfucking roof right now. I be seeing everybody else have 40,000 members in the chat but they ain't talking about nothing. They ain't got no substance. But y'all so slick. So let be struck. Y'all just sitting on just listening. They ain't talking about a motherfucking thing. They ain't made you laugh now motherfucking time and they ain't told you nothing that's gonna help you get through your day. But I do do. They ain't gonna even shake your hand when they see you. But I do. So what? The love ain't really if you ain't showing love to me, at least show it to somebody else that, that, that, that, that need it. That's why I'm heading live.


I'm showing love to the people who need you now. Who want it, who need it. Jane LI told y'all the other night at my show in 2025 and this for the few women that watched my show in 2025 started sleeping with the men. You need not with the men. You want true story. So a lot of you women been running around here screaming. You gotta have a tall man. Oh he got a look good. Th oh he gotta have muscles. Th oh he gotta have a certain skin complexion and that's the same kind of shit. Got you Women running around here right now. Hat got saying niggas ain't shit with three kids hell start getting with small like me.


Hell and you'll be okay. That's all I'm saying and you'll be okay. He know and Watching this show then you know we like to do the hell no segment other day and somebody asked me damn and we still them boys. Hell no we ain't through boys. No damn no we ain't America's team no damn more either. That shit got to change. That shit got to change right now. I'm sick of time here. Dallas Cowboy is America's team. No we not. I don't know who we gonna give it to. You can't give it to the Patriots no more 'cause they out there. I don't know who America's team is right now, but it ain't the Dallas Cowboy.


I hate to say that to my fan base. Now y'all gonna watch us, y'all gonna tune in and watch us but we but y'all tune in to watch us lose and damn it, we losing losing on the football field. We're losing off the field. I'm losing hope. I'm losing faith. God damn Michael Parson losing views. Got mine said. I appreciate it homie. I appreciate it man. But man it is hard being a cowboy if I know Bumby watching his laughing his ass out. I know Gilly man. I know Gilly excited man. And not gi it y'all, y'all team winning.


But is it worth it if your team ain't win the Super Bowl though? I'm just asking is it cool that your team made the playoffs and they don't make the Super Bowl? Is that cool? Or would you rather not even make it at all? Like I'm, you know, I'm being, I'm tripping, I'm, I'm trying to mess with y'all a little bit. You're saying I'd rather not make it if we ain't gonna win the Super Bowl because we all know when the Cowboys get to the Super Bowl we gonna win that motherfucker. That's all I'm saying. We get to the Super Bowl, we gonna win. And he goes, you can't always say that. I'm just saying he goes to the, I'm just saying always say, I'm just saying I'm just tripping. Real. Real. I do right here.


It ain't like bumpy bumps like this Bump is permanent. Behind be gone tomorrow. Behind be gone tomorrow. Well thank y'all for tuning in today's show. Thank y'all for watching The Bubba Dub Show man. Make sure y'all hit the sharp button man. Make sure y'all hit the like button man. Make sure y'all got y'all notifications on so y'all are know when I'm dropping man. Peace of love. Blessings out The Volume. Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casinos home, the hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere.


So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk fast stream. Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered. It's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving To Minnesota opened up a lot of Doors for us. Just this overall Sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans Have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there For your first drive, the hatchback that took you cross country and back, and the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without Trust, Amica Auto Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.