
What's your favorite peanut butter chocolate treat? Easy call, right? Well, it might be more of a dilemma after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup. It's a delicious twist on that favorite treat. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Shop Reese's Chocolate lava big cup now at a store near you found wherever candy is sold.


Hi, I'm John Walsh. Do you suffer from muscle paint? Due to overuse exercise or aging like I did, I finally found relief with Omega xl. A clinically proven natural drug-free supplement that helps relieve joint pain and muscle soreness take back your life and feel younger like I did with Omega xl. Visit omega xl.com/buy now for Omega XL BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember, there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega xl.com/buy.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Snakes, zombies, public speaking. The list of fears is endless, but the real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. Distracted driving is what's really scary and even deadly. Eyes forward. Don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa in the ad council. The Volume. What's up everybody? What's up everybody? Welcome to the Bubble Do Show. I'm your host. I just wanna say thank everybody for coming over here this morning. Normally you know I do it around the nighttime but today I had to come to you this morning. I had to get this off. My mother can chest how I'm feeling today.


Hopefully You feeling good? Hopefully you chilling. Hopefully you at the crib hopefully on break. Hopefully you somewhere hiding from your boss watching this show. We wanna say from The Bubba Dub Show and family. Thank y'all for watching us but right now make sure you hit that like button right now. Before we do anything else, hit the like button. If you ain't already done it, make sure you subscribe to this show. Keep your notifications on on this show. Got a hell of a weekend coming up. Oh yeah. NFL playoffs popping up. Damn this weekend I can't wait. You can't wait. Damn. We gonna get straight to it but today I'm coming before y'all this morning to talk about the game last night. Oklahoma Thunder versus the Cleveland Cavaliers. Let me tell y'all right now. The Oklahoma Thunder knocked the corn beef sandwiches out the cabs last night.


Two of the best teams in the NBA went any last night on TNT. And lemme tell y'all Shay Gilli Alexander the Great didn't disappoint Dy in 29 minutes. I won't put the world on notice if y'all already ain't on notice. 'cause I know y'all be hollering yo. Y'all be hollering. Tag them. Y'all be hollering Luca. Y'all be hollering. What's his name? Can't even think of my boy name right now. Milwaukee. I can't even think of his name right now. The Greek, the free Shay Gillis Alexander is the best player in the NBA. A right got now. And he'll give it to you however you want it too. Off the pick and roll.


I take you off the dribble. Got the best midrange game in the game right now. And you can argue with your mama his his midrange game y'all to me because he ain't coming off them pick and rolls like that. I mean off the screens and stuff. Curls and stuff like Richard Hamilton. Don't y'all know his young man could get anywhere. He want to get on the court and you can't speed him up. He take his own motherfucking time and he will d you up. He averaging 31.5 and six. You put a point guard on him. He told mother get small, I'm gonna back him down and I'm gonna give him the business all mother night. Damn you put a big guy on me, I'm going by you. I might dunk. I might finger rolling or I might hit my little, my little jumper.


Mid rain jumper and you can't stop it. Oklahoma Thunder ladies and gentlemen. 34 and six. The calves 34 and six too. Yeah but they ran through 'em. They was a 20 point game last night. They won by but they was up by fo by fault motherfuck points thinking I'm gonna tune into TNT. Watch the two best teams in the NBA. Go ahead. But it didn't look like the two best NBA team. It looked like only one. That's what's going on up there in Oklahoma. I don't know who the GM is. I don't know who the scouting dude in G up there in Oklahoma. But they the best motherfucker in business. Think about all the people Oklahoma done drafted.


Let's start with Kevin Durant nephew ass. Then we gonna go down to Rush, then we gonna go down to James Harden, then we gonna go down to Iba who remember Iba god damn a block of block shots all night. Then go lay over with Kerry Hillson. Do you hear me? That's the kind of squad Oklahoma Thunder doesn't had they done have some motherfucking bottles up there. Let's keep going. I ain't talking about drafting Eagle. They gonna have playoff P. They done had him up there during his motherfucking, they done have some talent up there in Oklahoma. They ain't want a motherfucking thing but God damnit they didn't have some ball players up there and they ain't even healthy ladies in junior. Shed hold them on the bench, on the bench.


Think about when they get healthy. What's they going do ball last night Jayden will ball last night. So if you already don't know nothing about the thunder, well you going to know now I got them boys going to the NBA final. Just what I'm seeing right now. I feel like this young man Shaa is on another level right now. He got that look in his eye. He not bullshitting and I love players who ain't bullshitting. They going to go in there and get the job done when they see blood. Damnit they attacking. Shaa is a shark do you a shark and Cals what number? Goddamn to last night.


I saw it. You saw it? Bald head ass. Shaq saw it bark. He saw it bad knees touching when he walked in and Smith saw it. Hell even EJ saw it last night. I was impressed about what I seen last night from the Oklahoma Thunder. Y'all I know some of y'all been keeping up with 'em. I know some of that, some of y'all team but from what I'm seeing thus for this year in the NBA, the thunder look like the team to be to me. And I know they still got to sell this out and all this and that. But these young motherfucker balling and they got old ass Caruso over there. He ain't really old. They got him over there coming off the bench dunking that mother.


I'm talking about Don nigga Nixon his and shit. Shit I wish I could do. That's what Caruso doing right now Cal. They got a good team. I ain't gonna lie. Donovan Mitchell last night trash you on national motherfucking TV Capital News. You already don't get that much TV time because Shaq ain't there. I mean because LeBron ain't there no motherfucking more but the time you do get it this how y'all come out and play last night like fucking garbage three for 15, that ain't going to get it. You always talking about y'all want the lights on y'all, the lights on you. They very bright but they was damn real quick. They was damn real quick. Didn't I just tell y'all had 40 points in 29 minutes.


Ain't nobody stopping no damn. Ain't no defense. How you coming back into the bench talking about we gotta get a stop. What? Stop. Stop. We need to go back to the old school basketball when players are getting hit on they damn neck. Yeah you might got for it but you gonna earn every motherfucking point. Not now do hitting threes running down the court, throwing the hands of doing all this and that. Everybody's just happy not me. If I'm a defender I'm Finn to dig a tech, I'm finna get ejected. We could be cool after the game but on this court I'm knocking your motherfucking head off. We ain't seeing that no more these day.


Everybody homeboys. Everybody smoking weed together. Everybody sharing hos together. That ain't the business. I want competition. I want go against you. You the best. I feel like I'm the best God and we going to get on this court and we gonna go ahead it hell you get out the way you get out the way me and you one on motherfucking more can you stop me? That's the thing. Don't nobody wanna stop nobody no damn mo for both of these team that played last night, both of 'em 34 and six six. Both of 'em is the best teams in the NBA right now. I'm just going off my opinion after the eyeball test about what I'm being seen and I'm not, I'm not a prisoner in the moment. I'm not caught in the moment. I'm honestly just telling y'all how I feel. I feel like Shaa Gilli Alexander great, you know he Canadian and Dub ain't fucking up the names today I'm Point, I've been studying that goddamn name all night.


That's why I ain't gonna lie. Last night I couldn't get the name right. I should let me go this morning. God damn right. Practice what you preach. I've been working on that name all night now I'm in the groove with it now. I just think this man the best player in the NBA right now man. And and I just love his game. He's poised, you know no homo, he's long, long arms. He's he's defending the passing lanes. He's getting steals. He's rebounding, he's assisting. He's a leader. He's he's talking out there. He's barking. He letting them know he's the big dog on the block and there's nothing wrong. I'm the big dog him. You might be the big dog out there but when you step on this court right here, I'm the big dog.


He got some Kobe Brian in him if you ask me Oh yeah he got some Kobe in hell you can't stop me. That's how you gotta be when you in the bedroom with your girl. You gotta let her know I don't give a damn who came before me but that motherfucker ain't me. He ain't juiced up like me. What's done got in you baby? I'm a Red Bull in Rh nose. Hell of a combination. You mix the two, you can go down to get Red Bull that's gonna give you your wings. Hell that Red Bull gonna give you wings that Rhino gonna give and you standing up in them, you look at dead in their eyes and you give hug that motherfucking meat. Do you hear me? Some people like meat but sometimes you got to give them vegetables.


Black people gonna normally get vegetables but now you gotta give these whole vegetables if they over 30 you gotta give the whole meat in vegetables telling you the truth. They 20 and 25 they dissatisfied with the meat but the women that's 30 and up, they gotta have vegetables to them. That's why I like dating older women. I like dating older women that need assistance getting out the bed. I like dating older women that got hip replacements because when you go and lay down and do your thing and you up and leave, this motherfucker can't get up out the bed and follow you. That's why I like they old women. Them young ho will follow you all around the motherfucking time. Where you going? Who you texting? Bitch lay don't stick on your tire. I know he got fever.


I know he got fever. That's why I like they know women you hos don't know how to go phones. They going do none that all they want you to do is be home at a certain motherfucking time. Old woman hey four, five in the morning. Hey I'm Finn to get up. I'm to go home. I baby not them young hos shit you gonna lay down to the sun. Come up with them young ho We go together. I be damn I beat damn we don't do nothing. See I didn't master being the perfect side nickle. Lemme explain to y'all When I call them hoes my name don't pop up My name come up as Uber Eats. Damn my name come up in motherfucking Uber Eats.


I'm a real nigga. I'm a master of side nigga. They can call me that and talk to me about how you ain't shit. And I'm agreeing well he ain't paying the bills like he ain't supposed to. He ain't shit boo. You can do better than that shit boo. Hell that. I'm the perfect side nigga in the world. I got your bitch back when you ain't got her back when you beating her motherfucking as. I'm the one telling her don't call the laws don't do it to him. He got two strikes Next time he out him just come over here with me for a couple of hours. I'll get your mind right. Yeah don't worry, I know your eyes. I know you got two black eyes. Just wear your shades. Why eat You either like baby boy ate goddamn vet come here.


Right You gonna go in your prayer, gimme a hundred dollars so I can gimme some weed when you leave. Yeah bitch eating your motherfucking girl out. I'm doing you a favor and you walking around the high mad ain't paying no bills but you wanna beat your girl. Look nigga stop it. I have you in county by tomorrow evening y'all better start showing some respect. I'm saving y'all. I'm saving y'all. It's hard eating these big ass motherfucking vaginas. I'm these damn vaginas look like these oversized ass neighbors. I got to deal with that. I got deal with helping her putting gas in her motherfucking car.


'cause you want, you don't wanna pump the gas so I got to sneak around and dress up like a stu and do it. I'm I'm making sacrifices. I'm like a navy Sea around this motherfucker. I'm in and out with this shit. I'm in and out with this. The disrespect from you men have to stop All I'm simply it has to mother just stop and I'm tired of y'all. I'm tired of it. Tired of these holes calling me. Telling me y'all sleeping with three and four, five holes, two holes ain't enough. You got to get three and four niggas. Three and four. Why not two, three and four? That's too many. That's too many sex partners. Too many sex partners lead the STDs now I would by meeting this hole I can't burn needle no more because you got to fucking need everybody nigga stick to one.


That's it. One and two. We all can keep doing this without condoms. Now I got to wear condom now I got to have money for condoms. I ain't been having, I ain't been having $3 99 cents for rubles. I don't want wear rubles. What? I gotta do it 'cause you niggas ain't sleeping with more than two women. You sleeping with 10, 15. We Gotta do better y'all. We gotta do better. How y'all doing today man I'm, I'm just in one of them zones right now. You see my phone crack and I ain't getting it fixed. Not getting it mother and shit fixed. I'm cheap in 2025. I'm stacking all my money in 2025. I ain't got no money for no goddamn buy. I ain't even got no money for my kids either calling me.


Talking about they want to eat goddamn hibachi. You better take your ass to McDonald's and dream and saachi 'cause you not getting it from me. A dollar menu, give them a burger, fries and some nuggets and give 'em a drink and get your ad back to that house and getting them books 2025. We saving money y'all we not spending unnecessary money in 2025. These hos want call you. Hey I want salmon. You ain't been eating salmon ho you ain't been eating salmon no lemon pepper so never. Oh you eating salmon Croquettes. That's what you can eat. Salmon cro quits and some rice. I stop at Brooks or I get you some sugar but we not eating the shit that you don't normally eat. You not gonna get with me order shit that you ain't never been ordered.


All of a sudden you wanna order with me 'cause you know I got that. This ch going on my broccoli and my broccoli on Rick. Y'all, y'all better pay attention. I'm putting you up on gang this year. I'm telling y'all, y'all sitting around here. You do. Your family members mad wrong. How you talking about dude? What's going on? Well you got a cousin or uncle over here had a birthday. You won't even tell em happy birthday but Jan Jackson happy birthday. Happy birthday Jan Jackson. Fuck Jan Jackson. Jan Jackson never fan you when you hungry. Jan Jackson never clo you when you were cold. No your family did. I'm sick of the disrespect. You niggas doing happy birthday LeBron.


Did LeBron come get your motherfucking ass when you was outta jail? Huh? Did? No I think I did. You niggas don't ever think about that and you only think about y'all motherfucking self 'cause y'all selfish. You selfish. And I'm the one that get on this show and tell y'all about y'all self. Nobody else don't want to tell y'all if people get up here and lie to y'all all day and y'all love it. A nigga like me get up here and tell the truth. I don't like him. He ain't, he talking too much for me. Nobody wanna hear the truth but damnit I'm gonna give it to you. People on here mad at me 'cause I make a skit saying that a dying woman wanted to see me y'all before she died. So I go and see a woman, me and my team, I fly my own self out.


Me and my team call me about three bands for the flight. I ain't tripping. I'd rather put a smile on somebody's face at the end of the motherfucking day. We get there to the woman, her and her daughter. The woman tell her daughter, Hey go show Bubba Dub and his friends the house, this and that. I want some alone time with him. Bet so me and the woman in there chilling. She come over she, I come over there where she was. She wanna hold my hands and pray. She start praying like telling me how she wanna do sexual favors to me. I'm like hold on, I don't play with God and prayer. We ain't going do that now woman stop it. So she tell me if I don't do what she want me to do, she gonna say I done something to her. Now I'm conflicted. And I'm conflicted because this woman got, you know this woman or somebody. Now I'm black man at the end of day man they gonna believe over me even though I ain't done nothing, ain't thought about doing nothing.


So after I let her gimme some hug and shit, I leave. Now I'm just simply asking y'all because IIII I'm some of the best head I ever had. I want a double back. Am I'm wrong for wanting a double back. People got mad at me man you playing with God. Come on man. This and that and people who talking, y'all motherfuckers having sex right now and not married but y'all want point the finger at me. I want that yous do it. I won't let you critters do it. I'm gonna tell y'all something about life. Not some of y'all. 'cause some of y'all real, some of y'all been following me for seven, eight years. Y'all been growing with me. But lemme tell you something about a motherfucking Hagar sometime a Hagar will come just like this. Hey dub, I been fucking with you and all this and that but man money will changed people man.


I'm just saying God will give it to you and God will take away what they got to do with me telling jokes. Well when I was right there on the corner, on the block with y'all every day being broke bombing you love me. But when I start dressing and start trying to improve myself and be a better person to the world, now you gonna like me. Oh now, now I got my teeth done. Oh you ain't funny no more nigga stop it. Only black people do that shit from what I see. I don't see a white person get their teeth done. White people say, oh I oh I I like Jeffrey with the regular teeth. I didn't like this Jeffrey with the new teeth, the whole point is to stack your motherfucking money and fix yourself up. That's all it's about.


I ain't smiled in eight motherfucking years. Anybody on here know it tell you they ain't never seen me smile but now. So I'm smiling. Now be happy for me because I was happy for you motherfucker when y'all was out here doing y'all thing, getting cars, putting rims on candy, paint, all the women, all y'all. I was right there happy for y'all. But now I'm doing this shit on a daily basis. You can't stand it. Well guess what? I'm not gonna stop. God got me in this position. That's the only one can stop me until the end. I'm gonna let my motherfucking light shine and I'm not done. I'm gonna keep hustling. I'm gonna keep grinding. I'm gonna keep being a good man, a good friend, a good father and all this I can be, but I don't think I'm better than nobody else just watching this motherfucking show.


I'm still do and I'll never change. But the god damn smile is nothing. Do you hear me? I can wake up now in this bitch face and smile. Bitch. I used to couldn't do that. My teeth used to be color of a school bus I didn't want smile at. Now when I come down below, yeah I look up. Ain't number white teeth. Come on, come on. Used to ride regular gas in the car, now I'm Supreme. It's all about upgrading yourself. Shaq was what? 250 pounds one time. Then he got up to three 20, then he was unstoppable. But when he was smaller he couldn't do nothing with Kareem.


I mean Hakeem Elijah one, he was schooling now that same Hakeem that was doing S Shaq in 95 because he do the same sh like that. The 2001 Shaq like That. That


Hello, my name is Ken Meers, founder of Great HealthWorks, the maker of Omega xl. Folks, if you're searching for an answer to your daily aches, pains and soreness, then try Omega xl. It's a natural product source from a green lip muscle. This oil extract is one of the most powerful natural joint relief super oils in the world. This one of a kind extract is not found in any other product and is backed by over 40 years of clinical research showing that Omega XL provides relief from joint pain due to inflammation. Stop living and pain inflammation is controllable, it's manageable and it's fixable. Importantly Omega XL is small, easy to swallow with no fishy aftertaste and it works. We've put over 20 years into this quality brand ensuring that Omega XL makes a difference in your life. Try it and you won't be disappointed. Visit omega xl.com/try it now for Omega XL BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms supply. Visit omega xl.com/try it.


Who doesn't love Reese's peanut butter cups? Answer nobody. They've been one of the most delicious parts of your life forever. Everybody knows they can't get any better. Right Well after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup, a delicious twist on your favorite treat, you might change your mind. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a different kind of delicious. You know the chocolate filling just takes it to a whole extra level. It's a totally completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Lucky you, lucky everyone. So you really just have to ask yourself how you like your peanut butter cup the way you've always loved it or with a gooey chocolate lava center. Or don't choose and have both. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Shop Reese's Chocolate love a big cup now at a store near you found. Wherever candy is sold,


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the big take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections. Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you listen.


Get around people that want to see you do great because I been there, I been around them Nichols now when I got him all they don't like it now. Oh he this. Oh he that I might be but I got God with me. So you can pray all you want that I fall off. I won. I won. I won last night I watched the Sacramento Kings beat the Houston Rockets. Houston Rockets is another good team that's on the way. And I told y'all with Dre cooking them home cooked meals, it got Jalen Green full of motherfucking energy. You can't ball on no empty stomach. I know you can't hump on an empty stomach either.


You can't give it to her the way you want to give it to her because you hungry. But when you full, maybe you, some of you got liquor and your sister, some of you might gotta even some of that good weed. Yeah you can poke, you can take your time with this whole yes you a little overweight but when you feeling good and healthy and strength you can raise them legs up a little bit. Last nigga couldn't raise them legs up, he didn't have no strength in them damn bones. But me and you know my bubba do people, we getting money. You got different kind of bones right now. You ain't got a growing bone. You got rod bone strong of the strongest bones in the motherfucking world and she can't believe you holding her up like this. She can't believe you making sweet love to her like this.


Oh yeah, but stand there strain some of you walking around here now 'cause your pockets hurting. That's okay. But if you've been working more than six months then you no help on the motherfucking way with them. Income tax. Yeah you might be walking right now but in a couple of weeks you gonna be riding paper tags again. Yeah, you've been smoking Reggie all 2020. Oh but then two and five you smoking Kush. It only might last for two or three months but damn you going do it. You gonna to get the job done taxis. Yeah. You normally been calling for ground man. What this nigga. Well I know he want a ground. Not today. I want, I want a qp.


I want a QP today. Oh you got your taxes. Don't matter what I got. I got them broke faces. Do you want some The Rosen got off last night. He had 33. Malik Monk come off the bench had come off. He started last night. He had 26. Bon had 20. Darren Fox had 19. Don't forget they head coach got fired this year. Mike Brown got fired. They got Doug, Christie, Jackie, Christie husband over there right now. He's the head coach. I think he can lead these boys. I really do. He's a former player, defensive player. Used to hold Kobe a lot even though Kobe was doing him. But that's Kobe. That's the ma.


Kobe could do those type of things to anybody no matter who it was. Kobe, we gonna give you work but Doug Christie is the head coach of the Sacramento Kings right now that been on a little run right now they will. I feel like they can make the playoffs with Doug Christ as their head coach. We already know who Rocket's head coach is. Yoka, you know used to be married to Neil Long. We're doing wonderful things up there in Boston until he got fired for sleeping with them executives wives up there and y'all want blame this man. Blame them wives like I didn't bring them wi women names up. Why this some bullshit. Y'all want to slander this man for s slanging wood damn for slinging wood. But why not get the people who started the fire?


Huh? Y'all want to get the why not get the people. Put them women names up there who were giving that ass up. That's all I'm saying. If I'm gonna go down, everybody got to go down with me. I guess what them niggas still with? They wi you see they ain't divorce em. They right there. But you wanna fire me But you still gonna be with this whole, all you gotta do is tell me stop ba bam. Don't put up your media my girl no more. I won't but tell her stay away from me. Tell her stop calling and texting me telling her stop coming down here to these practices with no panties up under them dresses because God dammit I'm looking, you think I'm writing up a play? I'm looking at something else. Y'all fault. It's y'all fault bullshit going on in the world.


We got rappers suing on the rappers now. We ain't do that shit at. You gonna think Tupac and DMX rolling over and they motherfucking grave view a lot now I like D Drizzy a lot like the sixth guy. He been on a 15, 18 year run. Ain't nobody ever been able to do it like Drake. But this shit going on right here. I don't like it. How you going to start a fight? Lose the fight then Sue. That don't make sense. I'm not magging him for suing. I'm magging 'cause he started it now. You won't sue him. I I done sued people before but I didn't start the fight. Niggas done beat me up, knocked me out. But I sued him for that. But I ain't started though. This right here is nonsense. Drake, you lost a battle fam let it go.


That ain't shit you suing these people about for, for, for going on and helping him. They did the same shit for you and your beef with Meat Mill. You did the same. They did the same things for you when you was going against Meat Mill and anybody else you was going against out. Come on. Go out like that dog. No we we, you know what I'm saying? We we like you D Drake, you know what I'm saying? You, you Heller. You know what I'm saying. Women love you. Ain't no hating on my game. You got it going on dog. Real talk. You a man but going out like this, you going out like a sucker real going out like a suckle and I don't really you just still number one. I don't even know why you complaining. Yeah he got you. It is what it is. He he got you get back in the booth, find you another writer two and and and get back at it.


That's all you can do. Ain't no different when you give a female and you gonna last long. They laugh and talk about you. That's cool. She tell a hungry that nigga didn't last long. He only lasted 50 seconds. Cool. But they gonna only make that homegirl want to give you some and when she give you some God damnit, that's when you be ready. That's when you get at motherfucker to best 17 minutes of her life. Now what girl and her mind. That girl lied to me. She said nigga only wait 50 seconds. He gave me 17 hard minutes. Do you hear me yo. Real thought that's all you gotta do. You may not perform much. You much you normally do right here Drake. You didn't perform like you performed with Kendrick but that gonna mean the rest of your performance can't be great.


That's all I'm saying. These same women y'all looking at. Preacher got all the women man them hoes ain't faithful future nigga. They with whoever got money just because a nigga got money don't mean a nigga tricking. Some nigga got money they ain't tricking but you got some niggas who got money tricking these hoes ain't lawyers dog. Once you figure that out, these hoes ain't loyal. These hoes don't belong to you. You just renting them nigga these hoes don't belong to you dog. You just renting them. Don't you ever forget it. All this fighting behind. Hope never she gonna be with that nigga. She gonna be with that nigga. Don't only be with my homeboy. I ain't tripping. I'm finna get with your mama.


I'm finna get with your grandma. I already done told you I love women who can't get out the goddamn bed. Have some help them one out want goddamn right real talk. Can you Brenda Sue, I like Brenda Sues. I like Dorothy Es come here I go shopping for him. Wait what you want ERs? Huh? Cracker salt aint God Damnit talk to me. I go down you. You fixing me soup. Damn right. These young hos can't fix soup. They can't fix chilies. They can't do nothing with you. That must add pussy. I don't want that bitch. I want, I told you I want vegetables. Do I want vegetables with my meal? Make sure I'm getting the right calories. God damn right. Don't give a damn about calories.


You got blood pressure these ho still want, he won't pork chop. He won't kick it. He he don't. I don't want that. Gimme one of these goddamn casserole these white women be making for they husband shit ain't no season on them goddamn casserole. But that motherfucker ain't dying no heart attack. I bet you that. I bet you that. I bet you that white man still can go out there and feed his cattle. Why? Because Dorothy Ann ain't putting no salt and pepper on that goddamn steak. But the steak the state tender, she gonna put all kind of butter on this motherfucker. Women So mare and everything in that motherfucker nigga 39 die blood pressure shit not no white man.


White man living to be 99. If you think I'm lying, look at Jerry Jones. That potato salad, skin color motherfucker hun himself but he still moving around getting around better than everybody else that we know. Why? 'cause they know how to take care of they self black people. Watch what you put in your body. I know we love this good home cooking soul food shit but that shit killing us. We trying to live a long age. We want to see our children grow up. We wanna see our grand babies grow up where you have to take care of your motherfucking self. That's all you got to do. I told you once I done told you twice go and get you some checkups man. It's okay.


I was nervous last week going in no goddamn checkups. I was scared the motherfucker when them HIV aids test come back I was scared but I ain't got nothing. Nah I can talk shit All dang real talk watching this show then you know it being presented by prospects. Scan that barcode right there First time usually you put $5 in they going to give you a 50 real talk trash double hs when you type it in. They got you real talk. Bet more or less on your favorite player. Put you on game too. You ain't got the bet on the best players either. Bet on them bombs. Yeah that's don't say Dub didn't put you on game either. And if you came watching me, you damn so can listen to me on Apple podcast and Spotify right there just make this show number one y'all I keep saying it.


We keep going up in numbers. Hopeful you gonna hit the light button while you here. Let's get this show where it need to be. I'm trying to get on ESP and y'all and I need y'all help. They need me on ESP and talking football and basketball. That shit boring now. Real talk. Y'all ain't tuning in to watch no big won't See your white as Steven Smith. Y'all ain't, y'all ain't watching that shit no more. Y'all won't see your favorite. Y'all won't see me on nothing. So when you see me on nothing it's like seeing you there because we from the same motherfucking spot. I know that nigga do. I watch that nigga grow. Hell I helped him get to where he at. Ain't don't that mean something to y'all from your very own pushing me up there. That's where I'm gonna be on s ESP on TV talking about this shit. I'm talking with y'all. Maybe I won't be cussing but I'll still be enthused and doing what I'm doing talking I won't be up there sugarcoat and I bet you that I'll set 'em straight Amazon on Prime.


All y'all got come get me a show. I give you what you want because that shit y'all displaying ain't it. The shit that y'all saying funny on these shows ain't funny. I'm just being honest. That shit going in. Y'all know it. Thank y'all for tuning in today and watching me. I appreciate all the shit y'all do. I appreciate I got the merch on the way. That's gonna be on bubba dubt.com got I'm on the wheel ones tour jumping off February 1st. We in Minnesota go and grab them tickets. South Haven I'm pulling up to. Yeah Mississippi Dub on the way. Memphis, y'all ain't got no more Chucks so I'm gonna be in south even in Mississippi grab them tickets and come see your boy and get there early because you know they got, I'm on the First time I ain't on this tour.


You know they got me going up kind of early. That's okay because when I come out on that motherfucking stage everybody come behind me in trouble and I tell anybody on that motherfucking cas of mine in they face, they in trouble when they going behind me. You better come out and give these people what they want. I don't give a damn what y'all saying. Them coming. Who? Who behind you Corey? Oh I don't give a damn. He better bring it and you know Corey gonna bring it. You better bring it. That's what we do. We bring the best I one another. Some of y'all looking at who was funny and this and that. I'm only about being funny. I'm only, I'm only worried about being funny on my set. I ain't trying to not do nobody but I want to give the people what they motherfucking want and I will and I will The call me the mayor man.


I will. The liver not bullshitting 2025 and neither should you got some shit that you been planning to do. You better do it. You gotta hold over here, been trying to give you that puss. You better go and get it. No because opportunities don't come like this. Not where I'm from. Opportunities don't come knocking like this thought I'm taking advantage of everything. Come my motherfucking way and you better too. So when them Bubba Dub shirts drop go and give 'em. When I come to these shows I wanna see the Bubba Dub shirts 'cause that's gonna make me feel good. That's gonna make me keep coming on here and telling fanatics hey need some more jerseys. I gotta give my people some jerseys. It ain't just jerseys.


Y'all like hoodies. Y'all like all hats. Let me know I got some bubble dub hats. I got some of your favorite NFL hats. NBA let me know in the dm don't be afraid to drop your your your sizes, your hat. Let me know because that's what I'm here for. A lot of people getting in position, they don't be wanting to give nobody nothing. They give us this shit for free. I'm gonna give it right back. Yeah I be leaving paying shit forward dog when I'm dead and gone. Ain't gonna be no bring truck at my god damn funeral. That mean I can't take that shit with me. So anything I get accumulating in life, I want share it 'cause I've been without and I know how I feel to be without. So I want give to the people who been without who want some things. I'm gonna give it to you. It's the last breath in me. I'm gonna give it to you.


Real talk. If you're just not watching this show, it's a part of the show what we do. The hell no segment. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you Real talk. Somebody ask me, Bubba, would you kiss a man in the movie? Hell no. No. Not kissing no motherfucking man. For what? I don't give a damn who wrote the script. I don't give a damn how much money you trying to give me. I'm not kissing no motherfucking man in no movie. Not, not, not, never would. You sure Your old lady Hell no. Not sharing shit. I'm selfish. I'm selfish. I want this goddamn brisket sandwich out to myself.


Do you hear me? I want this child Bri out to myself. I'm not serving no brisket sandwich. Make sure you put the pickles on there too. If you ain't got no pickles, put some jalapeno peppers on. Now I wanna go down through well on this bitch. I want her eyes roll back of her motherfucking head. Even though she could be faking. My God. Damnit make me feel like I'm the biggest she ever had talk even though I got a tur head. But God damnit make me feel like I'm a horse. Oh yeah, I got street tur. She all over him. But make me feel like I'm a horse. That's how you get that 2012 goddamn car. I'll give it to you off the line. I'll pay cash for a 2012 Chevy Impala right now. Whole lie to me.


I get you on your feet. AC gonna blow cold too. And during, in the winter, like right now, the heat, throwing heat. You hungry? I take you to McDonald's right now. Get whatever you want. But if you lie to me ho you won't be, you'd be right back eating salads every goddamn day. Real talk trash of the day shit. Going to Cleveland Cavalier trash. Absolutely fucking trash getting blew out like that on national television. And go and support my people too, by the way down there in San Antonio, Texas. Man, go and support them. God love sneaker heads, man. What they say? Yeah. God loving sneakerhead. Go support the movement man right now.


Good sneakers. I'm supporting them black brand. That's what I do. And they ain't have to gimme a penny. I ain't charging y'all to show y'all love on my show. I told y'all I won't do that. I'm buy building. Yeah, I'm gonna buy building. Yeah, that's what I'm about, baby. Real talk. Thank y'all for tuning in. I'll see y'all again tomorrow after the game Sunday. After the game Monday. I'm them. So make sure you do me a favor. Hit the like button, get in the comment section right now and share this motherfucking episode. And tag ESPN, dammit because they need me. Peace and love about The Volume.


Hi, I'm John Walsh. Do you suffer from muscle pain due to overuse exercise or aging like I did, I finally found relief with Omega xl. A clinically proven natural drug-free supplement that helps relieve joint pain and muscle soreness. Take back your life and feel younger like I did with Omega Xl. Visit omega xl.com/buy now for Omega XL BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega xl.com/buy


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights speaking in public. The list of fears is endless, but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark, wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep? The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving eyes forward. Don't drive distracted, brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.