
Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat dfa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now with axs.com. My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult Literacy Center and getting my high school diploma at age 22.


It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council, The Volume. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. Today. We got a crazy show for y'all today when I'm talking about crazy. I mean, I got everybody pulling up to the show today. I don't even know who gonna be on the show today. That, that, that's just how crazy this show gonna be today.


But nevertheless, hit that like button hell. Don't hit the like button. Don't hit the subscribe button. If you are a new subscriber, welcome. Yeah, welcome to the Bubble Dub Show. You lie to hear everything. You lie to hear. Where you ain't never heard before. But it's a word though. That's all I'm saying though. Yeah. Yeah. It's Hump Day. Yeah, it's Wednesday. Yeah, it Wednesday. Yeah. Bible study tonight. Some of you need to be gone, but you ain't. But we'll get to that little leg of, Hey, y'all heard what Canelo said? He, he want one 50 to fight Bull one 50. Now Canelo, matter of fact, before I even dive in today, so I'm gonna invite some friends on, I'm gonna invite somebody on with me.


We going talk about that. How about that? The whole show we going bring people in And, we going to chop it up. This is a fan appreciation day from The Bubba. Dub Show with the Vi Man. Bring somebody in, man. Let's go on and get to it today, man. Bring somebody in. Everybody. I got a special guest in the building. Hey, give 'em your name bro. Everybody know your name? Where you from? Yeah, my name is Rashia Lee. You know I'm a podcast host for the RV Talk show. I'm from Louisville, Kentucky, you know, 43 years old. And you know, it's a pleasure to get on this show, man. I've been watching your platform, man, for like the last three years. Man. You have me cracking up, man. Time about trash and stuff Up, man. Who, who, who, who? Your football team. Who you running with this year?


Say it again. Who? Your football team. Oh man. Shoot. LA Charger. I man, what? Jim Hall, man, come on man. What's y'all record gonna be this year? Talk to me now. You a Charger fan? What you expecting? Yeah. You know what, man? Like I'm not worried about if we don't make, you know, we have a Super Bowl And, we gonna at least make it to the playoffs. That's all I care about. You know what I'm saying? At least like the second round, you know, that's all I care, you know, because I know it's gonna take a minute for it to bounce back. But I believe in my team, you know, gone to the struggle season. We done had, man, we have some trash as players, man. You know, it's like we start off good And, we, you know, messing things up later on, man, man, you know?


But hopefully this year we can bounce back, you know? That's all I care about. At least if we can at least be consistent and, and you know, work on those injuries and stuff, Y'all ain't gonna do shit. I'm sorry. Yeah, y'all ain't gonna do shit. Not this year. Maybe next year, this year. I mean, y'all got Jim Harbaugh, y'all got Justin Herbert, but man, that, that the a c Yeah, It's tough. I mean, y'all in the same division with the, the, the Raiders. Oh yeah, definitely. Denver and the Chiefs. No, You know what man, I'm, I'm gonna tell you straight up, man, like, you know this football season, man. I'm kind of curious man. You know, I mean, you know, like, I know my boy man.


We talking about the Ravens. Yeah. You know Ravens, man, he gonna be double one next season. I said I don't know about all that, man. You know what I'm saying? It very well could be though, man. You got the MVP coming back, Lamar Jackson, you got Derrick Henry over there. Defense still stout. Hey, it's gonna be tough to be Baltimore next year. Uns nego. Yeah, man. Definitely. You know what I'm saying? And you know, I just thought to myself, I said, man, you know, we, you know, at least between like the Ravens, the Cowboys, was it like the a 49 ERs, you know, at least like five teeth. I know at least gonna have a decent season, you know? So at least I hope they can make it, you know what I'm saying? Because man, I'm so sick of them.


Damn. What's that? What's that? Team man, chiefs, you know, you, you didn't mention about them man, through right on the bus. Yeah. You sick of The chiefs and you know what I'm saying? They, they straight garbage and stuff like that, you know what I'm saying? But I, I at least want, you know what I'm saying, like my team to make it all the way. That's all I care about the charges, man. All Right, man. You know what I'm saying? I, I hate the four, you know, I'm not a four fan. I like them, but my, I, but tell you the truth, man, I, I can't stand no damn cheeks, man. I can't stand no damn cheeks, man. I mean, you know, because I thought to myself when they won the Super Bowl last season, said, man, they would've lost, they would've destroyed, you know? See your boy made fun of, of flat ass Taylor Swift.


Oh, for a heartbeat. What's the name of your podcast again? Oh yeah, the RB talk show. The RB talk show. Give your name again. We would give your name Again. Yeah. Rashad Ali. Rashad Ali with the r and b podcast. Y'all go and check my homie out. Thank you for stopping by bro. Love All. You got it, bro. Yes sir. Hey man. Got another caller man. Where you at man? Tune in with your boy, man. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host, Bubba Dub. What's your name fam? It's Dante Anderson. Bubba Do from Greenville, South Carolina. Man. Good. Talk to me man. How you, how, how, what you think about Canelo Rust Crawford? Man, talk to me Man. I think Crawford gonna knock the, the, the enchiladas out of him, man.


What you, what you think gonna happen? Watching Crawford Performance the other day at 1 54? Moving up to 1 68. Gonna be hard if I'm, if, if I'm Crawford, I'm not fighting no damn Canelo. I'm, I'm gonna take, it's gonna take 200 million for me to do it if I'm Crawford. That's the only way I take that fight. I'm gonna tell you. Hey, I'm gonna tell you why he not gonna beat him though, man. 'cause Bud Crawford done became a good instructor at boxing. You know when, you know when them dudes start becoming good at teaching how to beat you? It ain't, he ain't got no, I, I just don't see it happening man. I don't see it happening Crawford. He too, he just too mean. I, i, only way I see it happening if he stay at 1 54, if he go up to 1 68, I can't see it happening, bro.


Like Yeah, y'all keep forgetting Kalo still. I mean, Canelo still got that contaminated me in him. I don't give a damn what you say? That ain't left his damn blood. Hey look, the only, the only way Canelo gonna beat Bud is if he drank his own piss. He gotta do something. He gotta do something like Manny used to do. Hey, for sure. Man. Bro, talk to me man. Who your, who? Your football team. Who you riding with? Oh man, I ain't gonna lie, man. I think I'm, I think I'm riding with Philly this year. I'm banned Philly Trash. Yeah. Not doing shit. Sipping that serve, sipping that Jalen Hurts had them boys King him won last year. What was that record with the end nigga Caesar. That's good though.


King is sick trash. Who? You, who you rocking with Bub? Shit, You know who rocking with Cowboy baby. You gonna be rocking with em the whole season though. The whole season. That part I don't know yet. See that I can't predict, you know what I'm saying? I don't dunno how I'm feeling. Mid I, it depends on the record with me. See, see, I go Off, I go off vibes. See Doug, you be, you be bandwagoning, you be bandwagon. It's called getting good sleep at night. See, but see when some people team lose, they can't go to work. They, they, they, they get hurt. Not me. I'm gonna switch to a team that had a great game that day. That just me. And you know what, I feel you, when you say you gotta sleep good at night.


'cause I had, you see I got all my baby mama robe right now. I had to switch baby mama's houses. I'm sleeping better at her house right now. I got food. Ooh, you see that? Look, I got food and everything over here. I'm doing good. I play my game all day Over and everything. I got my PS five hooked up. Do everything good. I swear it is It a life over there. What? Ooh, I keep me a haircut every week now. Good. No Point. Yeah. Selling in your business right now. School from Startback too. Ooh. Oh. You gotta be going down through there right now. All the kids got shoes and clothes now. Doug. I promise you. You let the kid fuck the game. Hell no. Shit. That's what I'm talking about. That's what about right there. You ain't playing this One.


If they even trip over the court, somebody getting whooped. I swear. Real talk. Somebody get whooped. Hey back. I love it. I love it man. How you feeling about the Olympics? This sugar overall? Man, I don't know. I'm feeling good about Olympics. It's a, it is a, it is really a lot of stuff. I ain't even know about the Olympics. They got all kind of different sports and all kind New big three. I ain't never heard of that shit. Me neither. I thought, I thought it was talking about Ice Cube League when they said that. I they Won't leave Ice Cube in they mouth. Hey Look, he all crying and begging. He won't. They ain't letting him in in though. Duh. How you feel about Snoop Dogg though? They got Snoop Dogg old 75-year-old ass out there running on the track.


Lungs full of weed smoke. They trying to kill Unc. I, they ain't fooling me. They give that man $500,000. Man fucking me each event to go. Man, they trying to kill on, he don't even know Man. I drive a Audi just to have on them the Marines if man they give me $500,000 a day. Yeah, I think they trying to kill him though. You seen him out there running with his eyes squinched up like that. Man, shit O high as hell. That's why his eyes stuff like that man. They gonna put him on that good green out there too. Shit. How they looking like a salamander on the track? Just run Suge Knight rolling over in this damn grave right now. Man. Watching Snoop have have a ball right now, man. Yeah man.


Hey man, I appreciate you for coming on The, Bubba, Dub Show man. Peace and blessings to you my guy. All right. Appreciate it Man. Yes sir. Man, we gonna keep this thing rolling today. We ain't bullshitting. Call in right now man. Eight one eight. Yeah. 3 5 5 51 51 text. We'll give you the info. You can come on in your show and chop this. What about, man, it's about showing love, getting everybody their perspectives on their team. Like you know I'm a big Cowboy fan but I got on the Detroit Lions jersey, I'm repping the D. Yeah, that's what I do. I show love of all 32 NFL teams. I don't want nobody to fail left out. Everybody can get trash except the Cowboy and the Steelers.


I'm just saying right now. That gets how I'm feeling right now. But man, we fucking bring somebody. Yes, on today man. Let's go man. Bring them on in here man. What's up, fat Mo? What's your name man? What's up Man? My name Jarvis Man. Okay, Jarvis, how you doing today? I'm Doing good sir. How you doing sir? I'm blessed man. Lemme talk to you for a quick second man. How you, how you feel about Canelo versus Crawford? Or do you wanna see that? I ain't really into boxing, man. I'm into the basketball football. Okay. Who you football team man, since you don't know about boxing My dad Box. I thought you, I thought you were Ed re for a minute coming on you.


The the do I thought you were. No, you football, you a do fan. What y'all gonna do? Shit, shit, shit. Stop man. Stop. What? Stupid, Explain to me why you think y'all gonna the Super Bowl? Talk to me. Explain to me why you think y'all gonna Super Bowl? We, We, we, we got, we got, we just, we just got Odell. He's not a threat. Who, who? Odell, o, bj, I dunno. Him O bj, Odell? No, I dunno him dunno him. Damn You dunno him because he's not relevant right now. Right. But we just picked up extra. We just picked up extra receiver. He gonna come in on Thursday. Remember West Walker?


Yeah. For Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. So, so that's where OBJ gonna come in and you know, come and play. Okay. Who, who, who gonna be like, we welcome who I see he's gonna come down, come in on third down, you know, conversion. Can you see me? Can I, who? Can You see me right now? Yeah, I can see you man. Never. I rock with OBJI love it. But he ain't finna be nowheres welcome. Never, Not, not, not necessarily as a player, but for, for for third down conversion. Big second down plays and you know, things like that. I, I like for them to come in and make a few plays, man to get us down, kick the ball, kick the change moving.


I like it. Okay. I respect that. I'm getting messing with bro. I it, I'm just messing with you. I like, he's, he's irreplaceable man. He gonna always, he's gonna retire a fan. Okay, so are you staying two tie five quarterback right now? Gonna fail? Nah, Uhuh Uhuh. I gotta be real with myself man. I I don't really think he, he thought how he gonna Retire Dolphin then? No, I said he's gonna retire at Dolphin. Like he, he, he, he already after quarterback. That was before tour. I think Bridgewater was second string. Yeah, y'all had bridge. Y'all done had so many quarterbacks. Y'all been trying forever. See Damn Marino.


Hey we, we was close last year man. Nah, y'all was good last I, I like, I like y'all team. Y'all went ahead and took care of Tyreek Hill on the new contract. Y'all reconstruction on that got Jordan Wa over there. Yeah. Yeah. Receiver more gaining water. Jagan water. I know why I'm thinking about George Hagan. Ramsey. Ramsey Ramsey. He's back. He's back in Hilton. I think y'all got a chance this year. Honestly though. But you know you in the same division as Buffalo. Yeah. Hatred. Yeah. So I like, I Like, I like, I like, I know I watch all football man, but I like, I like Baltimore. I like, I like Henry and Jackson. You think? What? You think, you think they gonna lead the league in rushing this year or Baltimore?


I think they gonna bring back some to, to college football with, with Henry. Man I ain't even gonna lie because it is already Jackson team. You know He's gonna be scary. He the officer coordinator, he get the call, the play and say, hey we running in. You flip that back. He ain't run into no sideline. He looking over there nothing. He, he already know what to do because he, he's able to see that defense. Correct? Correct. I'm saying I can't wait on Col, I can't wait on no, we need to, you know, and that he's still young, you know. So he, he, he's still moving. You know his mind working. He already on the next play when the ball drop, you know. So with Henry and him, defense ain't gonna know what to do. Man. I respect it before I, I let you get up outta here. Gimme your top five quarterbacks right now.


I mean, Brady retired man. Very retired. Very retired. So we going one, one to five or 5 5 4 3. Yeah. However, however, get your five right now. Ain't gotta be no particular order Right now or just all the time Right now. Right now I go with that. What I go with, Who I go with that I heard got that top five right now. Right now let's go, We talking about now. So Right now today. Today. We ain't talking about back in right now. So. So we gonna go back. Okay we gonna Go Lamar.


Okay I'll take Lamar. That's two. I'm about to go with ma home Three. Okay. Allen, Buffalo, Josh, Allen tho. Gimme one more. I'm about to go with my man tour man. I'm just gonna say you, you better go with, you better go with your team man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah it was like me man. You know I watch, I watch everything man. You know I drive trucks. I dunno if you can see but Yeah, I can see you in your big rig, man.


Getting it on the road. I'm picking up a load right now man. Working. I'm working here Picking up a load. Look like you finna pick up a lot, Liz. You ain't no working near no truck. Stop. You ain't, Nah, I'm at, I'm at public man. Yeah, ain't no oh okay. You getting dig in. Okay. I gotta get, I gotta get, but nah, I don't, I I don't do them. I don't do them gang man. I got real women man. I got real. Yeah I got real every state. Yeah, I heard every state I go to state I go to Real. But I got real women that, you know, I feel like women live regular lives all across the, you know America ain't about Houston. I'm from Miami. So ain't about Houston.


Ain't about Detroit. Ain't anybody left. Man it go down in the bullshit town. Do do me a favor, give me your driver license. I'm gonna police on your ass Ryan. You know, but hey man, thank you for tuning us to the bubble show. I love you bro. Peace and blessings. Hey keep going man. Like I said, keep going. I watch everything I got 9, 10, 11 man. I be waiting for a notification man. Real talk man. Oh, appreciate it. We'll be, be waiting today 'cause it's coming out today already. I got you man. Already Bet. Hey man, like I say, you never know who going come in on this show. Got the truck driver shot out, the homie out there getting it in. You seen where he was at?


Yeah. Getting groceries. He ain't six lifting the weight, getting his blood from him. That's what I gotta do. Take the hundred pack, lift a cup weight, get my blood flowing and I'm going down. I bullshit. I I don't even knock just had the door unlocked so I can come straight in in and get straight to biting. You ain't gonna waiting on waiting on me. You one 50 then let me see one of them bids come here going down through there. Taught me 75 pump. 75 pump Ain't no round.


I'm outta real tall. Let's keep the show rolling man. Who else we got today on The, Bubba, Dub, Show. Man, let's go man. Hey, what's up my guy? What's your name brother? Coach Wilson Do what's going on Man? Coach Wilson, how you doing man? What time man? Hey it's time to build. Check this out man. What you think about that Canelo versus Crawford? Man, let me know your thoughts on that Crawford. Alright. I I expected more but a as you said on, on yesterday, it's a different weight class. Right, For sure. Yeah. And just like me trying to fight, I'm gonna, that I can talk all shit.


I can't fight man. I'm like Shit, you whoop me, you can whoop me with these but you ain't gonna better whoop me when I'm talking to them police though. I'm gonna win that fight every time. Yes Sir. I'm gonna tell the police look at him and look at me. I ain't have no charge but to throw something in his eyes. I ain't got no charge. I don't fight. Sir. I got into it with a guy in a wheelchair, do you hear me? I picked him up out the wheelchair and walked up on him. Boom. Now look what I just did. People going think if he did that to they handicap man what you think he'll do with me? You damn right. I go hard on anybody. Who? Your football team? My guy talk to who? Your football team Native.


So you know I like the Saints, I mess with the Cowboys a little bit but I'm becoming a, a Houston Texans fan. God damn. You becoming I ain't shit you from Saints Cowboy. I'm Aion though. I'm a whoever winning man. That's me. That's what I'm talking me. And you got something to come. I'm Aion bro. I changed. How how you feel Texas gonna do good Sugar coming off that good season last year. Hold on just a second. Okay, I can hear you now. My earpiece went out so I'm just on speaker phone now. Alright, now I can hear you now. Yeah. So how you, how you feel Texas gonna do good. I said I think Casey better watch out 'cause we come, we come in like Coach Prime.


Okay. I like strong. I like, I like the Miko the new additions they made this year with with with digs and the running back and I think it's gonna be a special year. I think so too. I think they more definitely gotta, you know, get that run game going a little better. Right. And to help, to help CJ out. They brought in digs. Y'all already got Tank Dale over there? I look for the Texans to win two playoff games next year. I think that's fair. I think I look for to win two playoff game next year. I would say this, don't be surprised if Baltimore Ravens and the Texans meet up in the playoffs and don't be surprised if Texans win.


That's all I'm saying. That's, but I, I, you know, I I would like Lamar to get 'em one too. I mean I would, I would take the win. I would take the win I would Too. But these serve ship in Texas and these fans dying here know the city need that. That's right. The city over Houston needs something like that right now because I live in a town too and you can see the emotions on everybody's sleeves around here. Right. Even the horses, these damn horses don't even ride no trail rides. No damn they stay in the damn capital. The whole damn 18 hours Is in the air. Doug, we coming. Yes sir. Better be be better do something besides the astro.


Astro can't be going with one winning around here. It's time for a football team to win again. It's time. It basketball gonna probably be about three years before they do something. Right. But they coming. They coming though for sure. But other than that they got, they got the ride with the Texans right now man. Right. They got the ride with the Texans right now I'm riding with Troub in Texas man. I'm riding. All right. Yes, you bet man. Thank you for tuning into The, Bubba Dub Show fa appreciate. You do. Yes sir. Alright. Right. My guy. Yeah you heard my guy. My guy said he chameleon man, you know what I'm talking about. He switching teams. That's what I do. I thought I was the only one Switch team. See I ain't the only motherfucker out here that when shit get hot we leave. That's me. I'm with the Cowboys.


Let them get to losing. I ain't what the, I ain't hell I can't do it. Y'all can't do it to myself. I can't be losing sleep. I can't have people calling and texting me, making fun of my team. I don't like that. So that's why I want the cowboy this year because nobody believe in them. But the Cowboy fans, which is us, we got to believe in us. I feel like this the year that we could sneak in and surprise the world and become the NFL Super Bowl champion again. That's what I want. I wanna get a Super Bowl before Jerry Jones be putting that casket. Real cowboy fan. We done been through the mud, we done been through it all.


It's our time to shine now. We're gonna have great players on team Stack And. we ain't do shit. I think we can do more with less. That's the new thing. Now you can do more with less. That's what I'm seeing from the cowboy. This sugar, everybody just riding them off all 10 and 16 and self. Okay we gonna see what we play. What the gonna do. That's what, who it falls on Rain Prescott. You want that $300 million deal but you fucking go out there and give us fans a thrill this year. That may not mean ball out. Even if we lose because still fail people, players get hurt. You going to lose some games. We, we know that. But it's how you lose the meat.


It is your battling to the end or is you just throwing down there and closing your eyes and throwing the ball like you normal. We can't have that. Can't have no frustration. We can't have a player wide open and overthrowing them under throwing. Now we hitting them in stride. We hitting them right here between the numbers. You, you, you receivers. When you run them comebacks come back to the motherfucking ball. Not just sit there and wait and give a quarterback time to get in there. Get his hand in the come back to it. Yeah, use your hands, not your body. See the ball might hit your body boop and bow up. But if you use them hands like Pearl Owens. Yeah, that's the way he like to say it. Pearl Owens, he don't like to say Terrell Pearl Owens catch the ball like that. Snag it. Make a move like Dez you.


We ain't bullshitting today but I'm tell you, I'm having fun today. Hopefully y'all having fun watching this show. If you just start tuning in. Hey, span appreciation today man. I'm letting people call in, talk to me. You can, you can, whoever you wanna say, you ask me. I'm gonna answer it. That's what we doing. If you, you know, if you can't watch this show and you better listen to it on Apple Podcasts or go download Spotify, tune in, listen to the bubble. Do we gonna make this the number one sports podcast in the world? Football seasons here now Train the camp going on. They fighting like a motherfucker at them camps too. Damn boy getting down. They fighting for positions. And like I say, if there's any player out there right now that nobody really knows, that's not really getting the credit that they deserve, hit me up.


Let me know. We're gonna put the light on Our iHeartRadio Music Festival. President by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Caveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shi Booze, the Black Crows Thomas Rhett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com. My name is Ed. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22.


It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council. Damn right. It might be dark now. Well it's gonna be the sun gonna be on like real talk. Bring in the next call. What's up my guy? What to The Bubba Dub Show. How you doing my man? I'm all right man. Hey, if you don't mind, I'd like to take a second to say everybody need to go follow overflow Entertainment, man.


I do music videos. I shot 120 music videos in one. You, my turnarounds is four to six hours for your video bro. It's the business I'm finna come up man. Oh yeah, Doug. It's going down. I'm right here out of Beaumont, Texas. Man. Outta Beaumont Overflow Entertainment. Y yo. Y'all get in, tap in with the homie, man. You know he do everything. Music videos turn around four to six hours you can't beat. And that's something we need in this camera game because the turnarounds be crazy man. Amen. I'm talking about Amen. Seven two hours something that happened. 15 million. Come on dog. Nah, nah, I got you. I'm talking about say man, because you gotta be consistent people Attention span is not long enough for you to be procrastinating with your work.


You know what I'm saying? You gotta shoot it out, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, shoot it out. You know what I'm saying? Well, since I got, Hey man, you know I gotta ask you bro, since I got you, I gotta ask you man, who your football team, who you riding with, bro? Hey man, I'm gonna be honest with you. It's so many gimmicks that's going on nowadays, man. I used to be a Houston Oil fan. Yeah, okay. God damn. Found hell that was Act three. That's what I'm saying. It's like I see so much that's going on. You, you can't be a fan of a football team because the person, the people that you rooting for, they don't stay on the team long. You know what I'm saying? Okay, okay. You, you like, you like hold on man. And, and they switching everything.


And it's like you really, you really either a fan of the corporation, the head people, you can't be a fan of the team because the team, you don't know who gonna be on the team next two, three years. You know what I'm saying? So you only gonna be a fan of the corporation, the presidents and stuff like that. They, they, they outta state, you know what I'm saying? So you know, I I know you a Cowboys fan, but it's like cowboy, you a Jerry Jones fan, huh? I can't stand Jerry Jones. You can't shoot. If you Cowboys fan, you a Jerry Jones fan because ain't no, ain't no, he ain't keeping, ain't no but who, who be on who, on who on the team. That's, that's just gone. Who? The face of the team.


That's crazy. And I respect that about Jerry Jones because he all about business. What the people don't know, man is Jerry Jones. And I'm gonna be real man, Jerry, it is a little league football team that I was filming for last summer and I'm probably gonna feel him for him again. It's the bow. My, it's the golden train of cowboys. Jerry Jones donated a turf to us, bro. That man didn't have to do that. He donate everybody that labeled their little league team cowboys. He donated turf to them, bro. Bro, you know, a lot of people don't even know that. You know what I'm saying? But that's business, that's branding. Yeah. That turf ain't ain't shit to him. I know.


Jerry give right off. Give Jerry give it hold 50 million allegedly, man. Come on yo. But hey man, SHA got your sha got your company again. My brother Sha got your company one more time. Let him know over overflow. ENT Man. Y'all can follow me on Instagram, on YouTube. I'm overflow tv. You know, Bubba do, man, you a real one man. I ain't, I'm gonna be honest. I ain't even think this was real. You know what I'm saying? I, when when you said the, the, the, the, the nu the number. I was like, I'm stuttering and shit. I don't stuttering good. It's all good. You know what I'm saying? And, and I, and I'm so I'm gonna tell you like this, I'm gonna give you your cigars.


I ain't say flowers. I'm gonna give you your cigars because I did 13 years in prison, man. I watched, I came home and I thought you, I, when I seen your videos, you know I wasn't used to social media, so I'm thinking it's real. So one of my partners that I was locked up with, he was like, man, hey man, he, he from Lufkin. So he was like, say man, I know dude. You know what I'm saying? I ran across him. I said, what's wrong with it man? His gal keep doing him bad and he making these video. He just need to leave her alone. Come to find out it was skits, you know, I wasn't familiar with it. And I watched your come up, I watched you from when you, you took the microwave.


That's my first skit. I saw you, you had the microwave and you had the boots on. And man, I watched you come up, bro. You know what I'm saying? I seen the come up real man. And it's, I I I got, I got a question I want to ask you. Did you go through people not believing in you? Hell yeah. Especially down there, bro. 'cause it was something new. Like you said, they didn't know what it was and they, they think, well man, that that, that nigga crazy man. That nigga, you know. And I had family members listen to me. I had family members telling people, man, that shit ain't gonna work better. Not quick as they job, but damn, because where I'm from, it's, it's not that many people.


So, and and that's cool. But I knew I was gonna make it. I knew I was gonna be something, you know, and I just kept putting them skits out, bro. Just kept working and working and working. And here I am today. I owe to guy, go to people like y'all who watch, share my shit. That's, I'm a people's person. That's why I do things like I'm doing today. Me bring my fans on. Let's have fun today. Let's chop it up. Because a lot of time people get too big, they be forgetting who got them none. And that's something I don't never who psycho. It's the people who spend their hard earned money on tickets to come see me perform or buy my merch. It it, so it, it's, the least I could do is come out here and chop it over my people. Man. That's why I feel like everywhere I go it be real love, genuine love because I know I'm not a fake person.


I'm JI was just like you starting out seven years ago trying to make it and, and, and pushing and, and, and didn't know what I was going to eat today or the next day. Didn't know what I do. If Lord blessed me to see another day, I'm gonna put the work in. And that's no for real. When you, when you, when you doing, I'm tell you something. When you doing things right now, a lot of your friends and family might not see your vision man. He just need to just stop what he doing and do something else. But long as you believe all that matters, 'cause this going to happen. Power of a tongue, man. I always say I was gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. And things just start happening, right? I'm talking about just happening just the way I'm saying bro. And people always used to hit me up, man, I can't believe man, you know Shaq, I'm like, man, I don't know Shaq, Shaq know me.


Exactly. You know what I'm saying? So just touch into your hard work and just keep putting it in man. Each and every day, man. Like I say, overflow into y'all. Y'all go and support the homie man. And gone. Thank you for coming onto to the show bro. God bless us. Hopefully more later on this season, football season. We'll tap back in. God bless you too, bro. Yes sir. See a lot of y'all might not know, you know, I used to get it in on them skits, like you might have to go back down, not on my, on my page on the video. And really look, I used to really get it in with them skits. I was, you know, I used to do those snitches skits too as well.


And it was just all me just acting high, real snitches will act and what they'll do and what they will say. And that's how kind of how I got my come up in this game doing skits, doing the snitching skits, doing the baby mama skits. It's all entertainment. And just telling my stories through the way I seen my life. Like them skits back then is things that I actually saw someone do or a little big of it was embellished. But pretty much the things I saw and seen in my childhood, I was put to them to them skits. And even today when I do the baby mama stuff, it just entertainment man. At the, at the end of the day, I would never, never get on TV or anywhere in disrespect my baby mama or or anybody's mother at that or anybody.


It's just not how I'm, bro it's all entertainment. But it is stories, real stories behind what I do and what I say. Like in my, in my standup coming, it's, it's, it is real situations whether I've been involved in them with someone else has been involved in, it's all about, you know, your growth and where you at today. Now I'm more into the sports lanes now. I really don't really just do skits like I used to. I just really just be on here or sitting down talking, telling stories. That's the way I do it. Like yeah, I used to get out there and get dog on them skits man. Hopefully y'all enjoying this yoga day. I'm having fun. Y'all getting to learn a little bit more about me and who I am. I am for my new, for my new subscribers who be watching me do my sports thing.


I am a standup chameleon. I'm a damn good one. You can catch me this Thursday at Shreveport at the 50 sig event doing my thing. You can hit me up on IG at bubble dub 94. You can see my schedule or on here? Mainly on here. I'm only on here. Mostly on here. The most on The, Bubba, Dub Show, the Volume. I can just click on the links y'all to see where I'm at, what I'm doing. Got some merch coming too for The, Bubba, Dub Show. So be on the lookout. Everything as well man. We man, we we working and if I'm working, I know y'all working too. I mean I be seeing some of my old schools at the stalls and stuff. Thank y'all for watching the show. Y'all letting me know it help throughout y'all day. And that's what it's about, getting each other through that, through through the day.


'cause we deal with so much shit in the world, man. It's crazy man. Like I said, man, I got people hitting me up telling me, you know what I'm saying? They, they got some rare illness that Einstein, you know what I'm saying? That couldn't fix shit. Everybody got a mother illness. Now I know I can't be the only one going through this man, but everybody think I got money and, and they want to hit me up. Now they got some kind of illness and they just wanna know can I look out? Yeah, I look out. That's all I nothing but enough for me, man. Let's get back to the people man. Bring somebody your song man. Let's get to it.


What's up my guy? Welcome to the bubble dub show. What's your name? fao. Oh, my name is Tokyo man. I'm from Jersey. Okay. Tokyo from Jersey. Talk to me, my guy. Who you football team. Who you rolling with? Of course I'm a Giants fan. Who? I'm a Giants fan. French. I know, I know. Damn Daniel Jones ain't gonna get y'all nowhere fa Yeah, first of all, I can't even call it a good season. It was an average season and they gave him 108,000,004 years. I said, oh man, everybody was safe. Them about say, come on man, man. Like, just because he looked good in season. Like the regular, the regular season. Like we were, we were, we were eight and eight.


We were eight and eight. Yeah. Like that's after. So we, we just medioc, you know, and what happened next year? We didn't even make it to the playoffs Then Y'all didn't even bring say Kwan back. Honestly, I'm glad, I'm actually glad Qua up because they been, they, they did him dirt, they did him real dirt, you know what I'm saying? Because I just feel like they, you know, the injury and everything like that. But I mean, I've seen other players or you know, in terms of getting injured, like they still give him the security and everything like that. Like when we talk about, we never talk about his talent. We know he can carry that ball. I, I mean I watched him once when I was in Penn State because I was in a different campus, but I seen the talent then.


So I'm glad that he has a new change of scenery. He's kind of crazy because he's back in Philadelphia now. So, you know, I I I feel like a new change of scenery, hopefully Philadelphia will take care of and everything like that. He asked me, I think it blow up the Giants up. Sorry, Blow up. Okay. What you think about Boots Inni versus Crawford? Do you wanna see that? Say again? Do you, do you wanna see Boots? Inni versus Bud? Crawford? I wanna say Crawford versus L. Why? Just talk about it. Why you won see Crawford versus Ke Canelo and at what weight Be? Well because his last fight 1 54 and everything like that, right?


Yeah. How big is Canelo? Is he like what? 1 1 68 1. He's 1 68. Oh, he gonna have to lose some of that weight. Gonna have to lose weight. Who gonna have to lose weight? Ello. He the a he he a side. Yeah, but I Mean like biggest, he's the biggest. He's the bigger store. I got him and Crawford. So you want, so you want, so you want Bud Crawford to gain that weight when he just, I want Bud. I don't want Bud fucking with Craw. I mean Canelo, I mean Stay away from him honestly Mean, I mean shit, I mean Canelo when he had his fight with Mayweather and everything like that. Like if you wanna be at the top, you know what I'm saying?


That's Floyd, Floyd and Different Beast. Yeah, but but here's the thing though. We, we talking, we talking about Crawford, like he about to be one of the ones, you know what I'm saying? But you can't like Canelo ain't one of the ones No he's, he, he already is one of them ones. Oh for sure. But I'm saying when he voice, when he, when he, when he first made with and everything like that. Like he was ascending to be one of the ones, you know what I'm saying? Correct. If anything before I, I'll say this, before he fights Canelo, I need to see a match between him and Tank. I, I, I I think who him and around the scene. Who? Hell Crawford.


What He too big for him. You, you think what, how I think Tank is like what one 50 No Tank fighting at 1 35 Bubble. He's 1 35. Yeah, he fighting one five. I thought, I thought they said Tank was like He, he might walk around every day one 50 but he fighting at 1 35. Okay. Yeah, you're right. Crawford too big. Definitely. I definitely, I definitely wanna see Canelo though. Like I just, I just want, I mean for just just for the box office. Yeah. Oh it's gonna be crazy. Box, box office. No, For the box office and everything I wanna see and I don't even thing is, I'm not even asking Crawford to beat Canelo.


See is is matches like those you don't have to beat. He just gotta last long, you know what I'm saying? But if he can last for seven, eight, even nine ring, that would be good for Crawford legacy because he didn't beat, he ain't beat can, didn't beat brother when he fought him. I know, but you gotta understand Crawford ain't never lost. He don't want that. He don't want nothing on that record. Trust me. Those guys are prideful. Well but guess but guess what though? He ain't never lost. Right. And what you said about Pride, whether anything like that, like people don't understand when you look at the way fights, it's two things. One, he chooses carefully who he fights because he don't fight all the time.


And I don't think as a box teacher fight all the time because if you can, that's how you get all these brand interests, all that type of stuff. Right. And also was a defensive player so that's why people always saying that fights is boring and all that type of stuff. But he's smart, you know what I'm saying? So I know, I know, I know what, I know what Crawford, he's more on the offensive side or whatever. But I always feel like if you take, if you follow a blueprint, I think that's why, that's why you see Tank right now, you know what I'm saying? Because he under, he under maybe his management right now, you know what I'm saying? He, he taking that blueprint. He used to be be, he used to be. Oh you, oh you, Oh okay.


No, no, no He's still, but still the DNA is still there, you know what I'm saying? Oh sure. Yeah. The DNA is still there. So I feel like if he's strategic about it, you know, and don't be pride. Hell yeah. You know what I'm saying? And again, the point is to not be, you know what I'm saying? The point is to last, Last you said last 12 rounds with him, it's a win for you. Yeah, that's what I'm saying because we know, like I said, Canelo is is he's like Thano, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's like, that's like the, that's the guy to beat. He only lost one he lost and he lost it to the goat. Oh for sure. Goat, I mean to me, my personal, my personal goal was either between Muhammad Ali or Mike Tyson. You know what I'm saying?


You talking about Go Box, You wanna about Yeah. Gimme your goat Muhammad Ali and Tyson. Yeah. Yes. And if you wanna talk about just record wise. Yeah, obviously 40 15 so you can, you can't, you can't take anything away from that. But I just feel like if he, if he, if he wants to ascend to that level and everything like that, you gotta, you gotta look at Floyd Blueprint, you know what I'm saying for But Floyd is all about durability, you know it's all about durability. Like the day in boxing, like the, I know the sexy thing is to knock out and everything like that but if you can see the ones that be knocking out, they be having blemishes on the record, you know what I'm saying? They be having a lot of blemishes on the record.


You know the ones that are strategic about it, that's the records. You know, either, it's either like, you know, fuel losses or no losses. So that's what I wanna see. Alright. Alright. Well I appreciate you for tuning into the bubble. Do show my god peace and blessings. Thank you for tapping in. Yes sir. Hey man Broche, he wanna see Crawford Russell Tank. I would love to see that too. But I feel like Crawford too is too big for, for, for for Tank Man. I feel like Tank have to gain so much weight to make that fight or Crawford would have to lose so much weight to make that fight. That's something that I don't wanna see.


I wanna see Tank at his right weight. I wanna see Crawford at his right weight and you know Crawford is just the big, too big of a fighter for Tank right now. I wouldn't wanna see that skills wise. I feel like they evenly matched with just, I just something. I just like me trying to fight Mike Tyson. No damn well I can't whoop Mike. Mike 80 years old right now and I know damn well I can't whoop Mike, you know what I'm saying? So I'm just me being realistic, real being realistically y'all can get in the comment section right now and let me know what y'all think about Crawford versus Tank. Do you wanna see that or hell no. Do y'all wanna see Canelo versus Crawford or Hell no Boots in Rush Crawford. That's what I'm hearing. Damnit. I wanna see it. Y'all keep saying Boots Rigg, he's showing that Ready Damnit let's fight.


Let's get in the motherfucking ring wrong. If I'm, if I, if I'm Crawford, I'm trying to get all the motherfucking money I can get right now you 36. Why ain't nobody signed Crawford to a five year, $250 million deal yet. Crawford needs these kind of deal. Maybe he got 'em. I don't know but I'm gonna put it in the atmosphere. Somebody needs to be given Bud. Crawford a five or six year fight for two 50, $300 million deal right now. Crank this shit up Guy. What's his name? Turkish from Saudi Arabia. Make it happen. You heard it right here on the bubble dub. So somebody gotta be giving Crawford a five year or six year two 50, $300 million deal.


Same with Tank. I think he got one of them too. Same with Canelo, reo Jose Venezuela what they call give him that started giving our big deal contracts to these boxers like we do the NFL and NBA player and make they ass fight the best. Yeah the best gonna fight the best. So that's don't get rid of all the other promoters and all that bullshit. I done gave you five year, $300 million boxing motherfucker. You gonna fight who I want you to fight. Bitch, you'll fight Journey Apple seed if I can engage you 300 million that's what the, that's what we need to start doing boxing, signing these these boxes to big contracts because they worth it.


They putting they body through all this shit like the best but the right weight class though. No bullshit. Like motherfucker you can fight at 1 54 and be yourself damnit. That's what you going fight at. That's what I wanna see. Y'all keep forgetting about Earl, Earl gonna come back. He ain't gonna for Earl speech. Yeah. Yeah he lost the Crawford. Okay now it's time to get back in the ring. Fa been over a year. Damn near year and a half. I know you gonna be rusty. No I only get you a little tune. Gonna fight again then come back and fight blood or whoever else you want in. Like I said go fight mad. See it go get him next caller man let's get to it man.


Y'all got me fired up in here today man. Got me fired up in here man. Who gets jumping on? I ain't got no picture up yet man. Yo. All we gonna know who that was man. We had some technical difficulty problems. I don't know what that's all about. Shit. Next. Call him man. Get in here man. Let's get to it. Hey what's up my guy? Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. What's your name Name's Tim Lewis. Tim Lewis. Talk to me man. Who your football team, who you rocking with this year? Oh, I'm a Seattle fan man. Oh okay. You know what, I rock with ci.


I'm a real good friend with DK Metcalf. How, how you see this season playing out To at least make playoffs this year. You Know, that's all. Just make the playoffs. That's all you just wanna do. Yeah, I mean How, what you thinking about Geno Gino Gino's solid man ever since, you know, back in the days with Jets and all them. Yeah, He came a long way For sure. How you feel about Canelo fighting Crawford? Do you wanna see that? Not really a big boxing fan. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Who your basketball team?


Orlando The Magic? Yeah, That's what they is the magic show because they go up and smoke after a few minutes. Now y'all got good players over there, Ben cheer over girl. Y'all got Wagner over there? Yeah. Hey y'all got some young talent over there coming? I can't believe y'all. Let bold go, go. Y'all should. Y'all gave up on bold, man. Man, he wasn't getting no playing time man. It's Yeah, aint, I also heard it was his worth, his worth ethic too. You don't, you don't really, really be grinding in practice like you should. Yeah. You know that, that's unfortunate but man, man say he a Sea Seahawk fan and he Orlando magic fan.


Ain't that something? Ain't that something man. So any questions you got for me? Talk to me. There's one in particular I wanna ask. So I recently turned 25, you know. Okay. And I'm kind of in a point in my life where I'm still want to chase my dream, but not too sure. What's your dream? I wanna do standup community. You want, you wanna be a standup committee? Yeah. And and what and what are you doing right now to, to make that happen? Honestly, right now I'm in Waco, Texas right now.


Okay. That's right down the road. I'm from Texas So I'm looking for like open mics in the surrounding area. You know, like Austin, Dallas, it's, there's plenty, there's plenty of open mics down there in Austin, Texas. It's like three or four comedy clubs down there. You could, they normally have open mics on Wednesdays. Oh. I just do a little research, try to contact the club. 'cause sometimes they be doing, you have to do it by email and just send, send your email in and you know, let 'em know you wanna go in for open mics sometime you gonna have to do that. You can just pull up open mics and they ask you, do you want to go up, go up and give you a, give you a key pointer.


Take somebody with you. Take somebody with you. 'cause I, you gonna be nervous as shit. Take somebody with you. Let 'em film you. Tell jokes to them obviously that, that you think they'll laugh at that they like. And then have him go out there in the club and tell that first joke that he know he like whoever she, he she is, they'll laugh and hopefully can get the other people get involved with it as well. Guess the little trick you could do when you, when you are a beginner starting out. But I would say if you wanna be a standup committee, man, it gotta be in you brother. It can't be on you. It gotta be in you. Be real with yourself. The people you are around right now in your life. Do you make them laugh, yes or no?


Yeah. Well if you making them laugh, you can make anybody else laugh. You just about putting in the work. Now if you go out there and you gonna get no laugh, don't get discouraged. Don't get discouraged if you don't get no laugh, bro. It's open mic for reasons like spawning and boxing. You working on your skills. Just keep grinding and don't give up if something don't go your way. That's the best advice I could give you. Be consistent. I Got you. Hear me? All right, well thank you for tuning into the Bubba Dove Show. Peace and blessings, my brother. Appreciate you Man. Yes sir. See that's what it's about man. It's all about giving people, you know what I'm saying? The realness man, like a lot of people wanna be a lot of things, but stand up comedy. It, it, it, it is not for the week.


This shit gotta be in you. It can't be on you. So if you not making the people around you laugh on a daily basis, then you just going out there trying it ain't gonna work. And a lot of times people be funny to they homeboys but that don't always translate to the stage. You know it, it is different when people know you. It's the one that you don't know that you gotta entertain and that be the hardest part. But if you believe in something, go and do it. Like go, I'll never shoot down nobody. Dream shit. Go and do it. But believe in yourself man. Have confidence that you can do all these things that you want to do and you can make it happen man.


Like I say man, this show being presented by prize picks man. You know what I'm talking about? Going download the no more sports betting fantasy app right now. I'm in the game today. Use my promo code trash with two Hs. T-R-A-S-H-H. That's right. First time user. They'll match you all way up to a hundred dollars. You put a hundred in, they gonna give you a hundred. Now you got $200 to play with and it's more or less when you picking up picking over on Pics. Simple as that. Angelice they got got her slated for three threes more or less. Do you hear me? I mean more or less do I think Angel Reese can hit three threes more or less. Well you already know she ain't a three point sugar so you already should be picking less, you know what I'm saying?


If it was Kailyn Clark three or more, you might wanna put more or less but you know she's capable of hitting them three. Angel Wilson, they might have what for 25 points more or less. Go on there. It can show you her last five game of points. It gonna let you know which one that you really should take. It's simple, more, less on prize speaks and you should been already done downloaded or download it right down. That's right. So you wing it over here, you getting three things. You get to hit the like button over here, you get the scribe button over here, then you get to go and down low price. Do help me? Yeah, the only way you gonna win if you going to play Real Talk. Yeah, still got the hell no Segment coming up and the trash of the day segment coming up.


Our iHeart radio music festival preceded by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean, Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shi Booze, the Black Crows Thomas Rett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@xs.com. My name is Ariel, I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22.


It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When You graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad. Yeah we back. You know what I'm saying? It's the hell no segment man let's get to it Live. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Somebody asked me BBA would you put yourself on child support? Hell no. Why would I do something?


It's so evil and egregious like that shit just one thing you want. You don't people in life that boy every check get they mother. They get like ask me Bubba, would you volunteer to babysit? Hell no, I'm not babysitting shit. I'm busy. I got too much going on in my life. Be sitting down wanna watch this baby go from A to BZ? Hell no I ain't gonna be able to do it. I need a N And I'm like n I'm gonna be trying to sleep with the motherfucker too. I'm not the one them see orange. What's the nigga sleeping with you? N Well I can't sleep with mine. Come here do that. No, somebody ask me too because I be a mortician.


Hell no. I'm scared of dead bodies and I'm scared of the people that's living too. I'm scary Neville Dub. I ain't gonna be able to do it. Not now, not then not Neville. She be a mar. She you better not leave me in. Nothing wrong with nobody. She, I'm a bottle now. Late night two or three in the morning, you at the mortician, you got four, five dead bodies. You know and you hear something in there. Shit. Whatever's in there gonna be in there. I'm not gonna, I been done left cell phone while it's everything else in that damn frame room before I go through that ain't gonna be able do it now I be not. Hey just say some shit I wouldn't be able to do.


I I'm not gonna be able to do it my trash other day. Going, going down going to them people who arrested him for mistaken identity. How y'all gonna, who IP is man? That's the rubber man gonna arrest y'all. Y'all room for doing Cliff or Harris like that. I don't like it. You in a TL and you mean tell me you motherfucker don't know who T is. Come on man. TI is since 2001 TI been having a TL on his back and y'all know cars and there is all my partner and drove on 204.


Hey man I better stop playing with ti so them people who arrested ti trash leave ti alone. Leave fam alone. We a chameleon now he telling jokes. That's how he Right. Tell him joke. That's all he doing. Tuning. That's it. He chilling. Leave him alone. Hey man, if y'all tuning into this show today, man, hopefully y'all had a great time man. Today's show was a fan appreciation today man. I had in and everybody all kind of types of individuals calling in truckers had some blue collar crime people come tuning into you could be next too. You know what I'm saying? We doing this every week thing. Appreciation day, letting everybody call in, chop it up.


Have fun with me. Hopefully y'all enjoyed today's show, man. I had fun man. Laughing at these people man. The man I love this stuff. I love what gotta do. Hopefully you love what you do too as well, man. Like I say, man, if you just not too and then took a show, man. I was just having different people calling. I was talking to 'em asking who they do they wanna see the Canelo Crawford, boots Crawford. I had somebody tell me they wanted to see Tank Crawford. I had people telling me they Saints fans, Texan fans. They, they, they about like me all chameleon. Goddamn, I'm with whoever win, but for my real fans who got their own team, one team only getting the coming section today. Put your team down, who you rocking with and they record what you see 'em doing this year.


I'm gonna be in the coming section today, chopping it up with everybody. Feel free, anybody feel free just watching this show today. Get the comments and ask me a question and, and I'll answer it. And then next week when we come on, you can better come on to this show and talk to me and ask me any questions, any hell no. Anything y'all wanna ask me? Y'all better answer. Thank y'all for tuning in today. It's your Boy Bubble Peace and Bliss. I'm out The Volume. Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible.


What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz to get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice. Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena. Here in Las Vegas Stream live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith's Urban New Kids on the block.


Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now with axs.com. My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me when You graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the Ad Council.