
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt Victoria Monet Cold Plays Chris Martin. Hand More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub got a great show for Y day. Oh we finna talk NBA today. Oh we gonna talk NBA And. we gonna talk Southwest Airline. I got a bone to pick with y'all but before we even get into that man, hit the light button man. Yeah, go Only hit the subscribe button too. Yeah go. I need that. I need that little shit. It's Friday, you know what time it's on Friday. You know what we do on Friday? It's pay. Yeah it ain't now mo get Bill gonna get paid either. No sir.


I'm got, I got some balling to do. School calls do. Yeah kids got to have them do. Jays do. I know what's going on out there but y'all man, shit man for today, look, today we talking strictly NBA top 10 NBA players. Players currently playing right now. So sit down, grab you something to drink. Get you some popcorn. We finn dive in here. My number one player, I'm talking about number one player in the NB right now. Badass is the best player in the NBA right now. Average 33 99 last year. That ain't nobody leave.


What Luca do? That's that chub. Oh. Slough moving. But everything is effective with Luca to step back to blow by get in the paint three point however you want it. Luca can give it to you. Yeah now I hope ain't nobody on here trying to argue with me Right about now. Telling me Luca ain't number one when he heals. I just gave you his numbers leaving P Huh? He didn't give 33 99 had Dallas to a 50 and 32 Rugg got him all the way to the NBA finals where they got defeated by the Boston CELs. But they got 'em now him Kyrie now they done brought in clay this year.


Be on the lookout. He gonna be even better this year than he was last year. Now he can rest a little bit more. See last year they make a little fat ass play a little defense. He breathing heavy now they got bad knee clay out there. I know Clay ain't the same defensive player that it used to be. We all know that. That's why he ain't in Golden State. They made him catch that ferry and get his ass down here to Texas. That's what they did. Luca number one on my list. Two yo. Damn right. Big down in Denver. They love number two. I ain't seen a big man like joker two to three rebound and can pass the ball like a, I ain't never seen a big man pass the ball like yo is never give a damn what y'all say got footwork like a king.


I'm not bullshitting you. Y'all know Yoka Joker got footwork like a king man. He got one of the soft touches in the paint that I ain't never seen. I'm telling y'all right now man, for the next five to eight years. Enjoy Yoko. Yeah you, you, you, you, you, you, you gotta enjoy that because we'll probably never see that again. Not somebody that big and that skill. Now I know y'all won't say win. I'm talking about he's skinny, he paper thing ain't what I'm saying. I'm talking about at the side. Yoko in right now. Man yo in right now And we ain't never seen nothing like it. So he's number two on my list. Number three man up that Minnesota come took, took Minnesota from 56 to 26 went down bus k too.


Man did that. Bye Bradley. Bye. That's what, that's what an man did. He took shit. He went to the western against the, against the, he gave Lu Kyrie handle what 24 man what? 24, 25. They were calling him the next Michael Jordan. Y'all know I'm not bullshitting and he ain't there yet. There probably never be another black Jesus in your eyes but an man is got it shit brought. Shit he Rob put the steroids down allegedly shit you tell me him man that guy and he plays like it and he feels like it.


His swag is like he's number one. That's the way you gotta be even though he ain't number one yet. But he got the swag, he got the it factor to be number one. This sure he might go and be that. I hope he do it. Twin. See I got, I'm just trying like I said I got, I got Aunt man number three, number four MB that big Nigeria motherfucker come now. He got them schedules on his feet to protect his feet. Hopefully he won't get hurt no more. I got MB number four and y'all forgot last year I watched MB pull up numbers on no kids. I'm talking about up dominating put 4, 5, 6 threes in his motherfucker die.


I thought he got hit with Mace 'cause he couldn't see but see it was come here, come here and he'll go by you getting a painting doc on you but put some spin on Joel mb name y'all he got Paul George Yoda along with Maxie. 76 is back. Yeah, yeah Word is born. Yeah. I'm telling you Phil Philly, they said Gilly wallo me riding around on those at Shit Me. Boy. Check in with Diddy Shithead boy you got Diddy out here Walker Rapkin sh I'm telling you and be number four, number five.


I know y'all gonna say I'm biased but I'm just being real. LeBron. LeBron James top five in the NBA right now at five, seven years old when he wanna be, he could be the best but he ain't got that kind of motor like that no more. He built that, you know that tractor been in the field for fifteens and 20 LeBron is the one of them John Deere tractors or run forever if you take care of it. Do you understand what I'm saying to you? LeBron James is a John Deere tractor. It'll run forever if you take care of it. That's bro, bro take care of his body. That's why he get the results he get right now in the NBA and I'm not here gonna argue with nobody about this. LeBron James is top five NBA player in the league right now and 47 years old.


Nah duh. He ain't for I know, I know Bron 38, you know what I'm saying. I mean I mean 39 I know that but I'm just saying simply he's number five right now. Man. Lakers had a 47, 35 record last year. He averaged 25 7 and eight in 35 minutes. Yeah they lost four one to Denver. But I'm talking about the man still got it still can get up and down the court at that age. At that age he still can do it bro. Number five ain't ain't, ain't ain't ain't nothing argue about number six y come about yours.


Oh y'all so caught up in th no playing ass now. Little bro. Man yo. He was balling last year before, before he got hurt he was averaging 30 11 6. Shit he still got, I think we get caught up in all the right now. What's going on right now man. But let's not forget before Doc River Potato Sally Face came over there in Milwaukee and miss things up. Y'all gonna never balding. When Adrian Griffin was the head coach, they were walking balding they ball in dang time too. I I thought they was on something to they five Griffin brought in Doc Rivers. She ain't nothing else happened ever since.


Shit I got, I got young as six seven Tatum. Yeah he get ring what Boss? He wasn't wasn't NBA finals MVP but he still played his sport. He averaged 26 8 and four last year took a while for Jason Tatum to groan on me. Pause. But yeah I'm rocking with Jason Tatum. I I, I got him in that slot right now. Number eight. I'm going with Shy from the, from the Thunder. I got a road with Shy man he average 35 and six and was to rung up an MVP last year.


And in my eyes it's really Sugar Warner just being red in my eyes. I would've gave it to Shy but they didn't, they gave it who they gave it to. I would've went with Shy just being just being honest. That's who I would've gave it to or gave it the shot. But he, him, she Williams over there. Somebody else over there and, and I can't think of their name over up there in the thunder right now. They got a na young squad. The Thunder do Na young squad gonna be gonna be contending next year as well. Definitely gonna be contending next year. But that's what, that's where the shy average she average 35 and six balling. Next I got Curry he averaged 26 4 and five.


They had a 46 and 36 record. They missed the playoffs. Steph Curry, the Gregor Sugar that we ever seen. I know we done seen a lot of sugars from the Mark Pride to the John Paxton's to the Steve Ks to the Glen Rice, to the Reggie Miller's to the his own pops Dale Curry. Man we done seen sugars Ray Allen's, you know what I'm saying? Michael Reds, you know what I'm saying? We done seen sugars but we ain't never seen a sugar like this. Curry different. Curry is a real live sniper and he can get it from get you from the short range to the long run however you want it. Stephan Curry can give it to you. That's why he a full-time. NBA champion in a one time SMVP champion ain't about when it come to curry ain't ain't about give him the ball, get out the way and watch him do what he do.


He changed the game. Players not gonna even care about Dunking no more. They wanna shoot them long ass threes and I get it but some of you can't shoot them long ass threes step your ass inside they three point line a nigga go that's where you where you good eh shit work on your game until you can baby to shoot them like cur if you still can't shoot 'em like cur bring your ass in a little bit. That's all I'm saying. Last but not least shit Kevin Durant don't you think Kevin Durant still ain't no top 10 NBA player. You a damn lot a n head motherfucker cold. I love you K Lee but you know what I'm saying. You nigga do something with that motherfucker. That's all I'm saying man you nigga brush your hair with a cow tongue or something.


That shit ain't what it do but Kevin Duran average 27 65 last year they writing was balling until they rang in the hit. Man Hitman sent that ass back. Come here, come on that now I know y'all gonna get to come man come on man. You know Third World, the LeBron ain't number five. Yeah he is. I know that's what y'all finna get in here. I know y'all are gonna be running more out or Luca. Yo, let's talk about it like so you mean tell me y'all gonna put Y Luca? I I I if you won't gonna argue Yoko Yoic, I ain't gonna argue with you or whoever y'all gonna put LeBron over Luke.


Y'all gonna really put Game big over Luke. Huh? Always hurt. Dunno if he gonna be there Toe hurt. Ooh ain't gonna hurt. Ooh got a headache sign sitting there. Really? What we gonna do? Who y'all gonna put carry over Luca right over Luca Ain man over Luca right now. Get say ain man at home too. I'm I'm, I'm I'm just, I'm I'm I'm waiting on y'all getting to come in says and talk to me. Let me know what I what I what I'm, what what I'm not seeing because I'm being fair as I can be on this on, on this list right now. I think I got it right.


Luca Yogi, aunt man and B youngest. LeBron Tatum shy Curry dur drink. Y'all wanna switch the ring Curry? I how y'all, how y'all, how y'all wanna play this shit today because we got all day today to do this. We got all day to do this. Y'all getting to come in six. Let me know what y'all thinking It's Friday. Like I say what, what y'all doing today? What y'all doing this evening? Shit what you doing tonight? You partying? What y'all, what what y'all drinking on? Shit, if, if I call my homeboy and he let me know man I'm on that Hennessy shit I ain't going nowhere near him. He violent when he on that Hennessy I'm not going over no nigga how drinking Hensey at three in the afternoon never time. I holler at my partners over here.


He put me in the headline I would get playing. No you wasn't motherfucker I couldn't breathe. My tongue was hanging out my mouth like a cat. No, not doing it no more. Didn't bother. I'm man, I'm get playing motherfucker. I on your food. Whatcha you gonna do? Poisoning? No. Do people tell you something when people show you who they are? Fucking believe them now. When I went over my homeboy high at the time we were drinking him said he choke me talking about he would get playing no back my head if had my on me I showed you. So that's all. If I could have my phone me, y'all. I pow that's all you. What pow you gonna do me like that?


You 243 pounds man I'm 1 38 choking me time. I'm gonna show you this new move motherfucker. We ain't our thirties. What kind of move you trying to show me for? We ain't kids, teenagers no more. You gonna need to show me damn damn move. If you gonna show somebody move show your girl.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com Don't miss asap Rocky don't big Sean Camila cabal Don Cat Dua Lipa When Stefan Halsey poser sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Shit I was hurt behind that. I started talking to my homeboy behind that shit man. At least by three months I was in my feeling behind that because a rumor was man dub no more ain't got choked out man come on man. I'm bubble dub man. I can't, I can't have that kind of rumor flying around like that man. And when he talking to me, oh felt sorry mistake but then he telling everybody yeah yeah I choked him. Yeah I know what I'm saying. Yeah I did that and I'll do it to somebody. Nah see, see people gonna be wanting to keep it 100 with you man. That's why I say man, what y'all doing today man if you drinking make sure you drink after nine man I'm be drinking around three people get violent man. I got my tequila drink what my tequila drinkers at man. Where my people on here that be drinking 1942. That's what I be on.


I be on the 1942 sipping real good. No I don't use no ice in my drink either. Don don't want no that just regular 1942 in the cup. I'm good. I'm sipping that that that's that good drink right there. See everybody won't put where I'm from. Black people won't pull up man gimme a cup Neville because this an 85 box. You ain't getting no motherfucking cup. You better drink that T or something. Man. You ain't drinking this with me. Huh? You got to be immediate family with me. You got to be a close partner of mine. You drink 1942 with me or one of my fans that's watching this show then y'all can drink with me. Other than that, you ain't getting no mother thing from Friday.


Friday we gonna kick it. I call you, call me. Where at? We meet in this and pull up And. we, me and my get together. It's about go down, let the house when I'm around. I'm saying so because some something happened. I'm just telling something happened man. If you at work today and Friday and you can't watch the show, you know what to do. Shit. Go to Apple podcast, type in the bubble do show there I am in the midst. Yeah. Or go to Spotify five type in the bubble do show. So there I'm in the miss. Come here.


Go ahead when you, when you subscribe up to it too and leave some comments man on the audio. Don't just watch me listen to me too. Damn. I want, I'm trying to hit you seven days a week. Lot of y'all tuning in right now. Wonder what I'm talking about. I just gave my list of the top 10 current NBA players that's in the game right now. Rewind it back and dissect it. Damn it go down through. Well let me know if I miss anybody or you changing a certain amount of way but it's just my top 10. That's it. You can have your own mother top 10. That's why I'm telling you right now when you listen to the show write down your top 10 and then go back and listen to my top 10. I guarantee you we probably got some of the same players in that motherfucker but just in a different order.


That's all I'm saying now most of these people get on this show, they ain't gonna keep it 100 with you. They ain't. They gonna bullshit and try to go that way so they can try to get this and that. Not me. I'm gonna tell you what's on my motherfucker mind. Every time hell, I'm on your mind like a edge. I'm here I'm it's Friday. You got today and tomorrow party Sunday. Hey ask church like my aunt do all the partying in the world Monday through Saturday. I'm talking about the biggest devil Monday through Saturday, Sunday. Nah she in church. Hey baby, hold on. Be hand me you been, you been talking money shit to me all week now that day Sunday you in front of the pastor, you in the Lord's prison.


You wanna be not no you can lie to me but you came out of God. God know what you are Ain't a y'all got them family member they Christians Monday through, I mean they they they they devil's Monday through Saturday Christian Sunday. I know I ain't the only one. I ain't like I know I can't be the only one that had them kind of family members in my family, in my family full of shit. I love them but they full of shit and I don't trust them. I don't trust you can't. Hey babe I love you fam. I always knew you were gonna make it man you 100 man them big same motherfuckers that talking bad about you behind your back. Do you hear me?


They'll talk about you behind your back. Don't think family won't do you like that. These Negroes kill Jesus. What you think they'll do making you do you hear me? They shot at drunk kill jfk. What you think the motherfucker would do to you? You better open up your eyes. You better open up your eyes y'all. Yeah I know you come here to get the fun and I'm gonna give you that but I'm gonna give you ass real too. They said you got show me y'all on her life to drink but the whole time you not drinking. It's certain people not around. You get my drill but every time you get ready to start drinking them, certain people around you don't need them.


You get them mofos off wrong. You right mom. They not there for you. They gonna for good times but you want people to be around when times ain't so good. You want them Same people telling you hey fam it's gonna be alright you had it once you can get it again. Them the kind of people you want around you that want see to see. You won't have people around you when you tell they ass no they gonna feel no certain kind of way. They gonna start distance they self from you. They still right there with them. The kind of people that you want with. Don't you say and that's why I love y'all. My fa y'all gonna be with me when I'm wrong and when I'm right and when I'm wrong you going to tell me I'm wrong. That's what I like. Tell me I dub you song on there.


But sometimes we need to start listening to what I'm saying because I can sing a thousand Coming Man you voting for Kamala Harris. I got her name right. It ain't Kail, it's Kamala Harris. My bad. That's one of the things I'm gonna work on on my show is pronouncing names the right way. Kamala Harris didn't say I was voting for the woman. Didn't never say that. Didn't never say that. Didn't never say I was gonna vote for Donald Trump either. Didn't say that. That ain't what Dub saying. I'm telling you to go out and vote for whoever you vote for. Whoever you vote for is your motherfucking business and whoever I vote for is my motherfucking business And what I'm voting for is the best comedy podcast that's out right now.


I told y'all I I'm wanting to number these got the link. You click it, you go in there and vote for me for the best comedy podcast And the other category I'm in is the people choice category. Vote for me on that right now. I need all the love I can get. I'm trying to win some awards. They don't ever wanna get me now another award out here 'cause I speak the truth. My comedy is the truth. My shit ain't fabricated. Y'all heard what Lil Wayne said? I'm the goat. Everybody is sacrificial Lambs Yale. You heard him? You heard what he said. Bring your goat. They don't wanna gimme my credit. That's okay. Only guy wake me up every morning. That's the only mothering credit I need. I don't need no now another credit.


I don't. Y'all don't need it either. Stop looking for other people that validate you. You don't need that. Put your head down work. It's gonna come. Oh yeah. Speak it into existence. Wherever it is you speak it, it's gonna come abundantly. I promise you people who been watching me day one they'll tell you talk the that shit. I remember y'all used to laugh at the same kind of curtains I had in my backdrop for for a while. I remember them days I was mad. I just kept working because one of these days I ain't gonna have no more motherfucker Drake. It's gonna be big windows I could see out to the mother in ocean. That's what you want see growth gotta gonna grow.


Gotta wanna do better. Some of y'all men 45, 50 then you know what I'm saying? Your girl trip, you ain't been able to get up in there like you used to because your earlier days than drug use. I understand. I get it. Y'all balled out in your younger days. What you supposed to live like now you getting stubborn because she won't but you ain't trying to get to. You better go out and get you some. See you better go out and get you something. And please mama, we talking to my old school people. I I got a couple youngsters in here. I'm gonna get y'all, I'm gonna break it down. Y'all too. But the people that watching 40, 30, 45. No you better go out and get that. See your brother got something right now. You bullshitting. Hit him up. Quit being embarrassed.


Call it Larry. I don't even know how this going to sound boy. What is man I need a couple of them s man come on over here bro. I got you. That's all you got. Don't call your brother laugh or whoever. Your brother not man he got take your one. Matter of fact before you take your one you gone and do your normal routine that y'all normally do. You normally you might wanna take your girl alive or whatever. Y'all have a good little old time you gone and do that. Go on that ride home. You gone and ride on back to the crib and give a eye. Ain't seen that eye from you in in 30 years.


Look at her like this again. She know what time it's now. She normally know you ain't gonna be able to do nothing but this time you, you bro you you walk up behind and rub it up again. Me look, no I'm back. Her high going to get big show damn big you can see a disaster happening before you know it. That's when you go and then you handle your motherfucking business. And when you handle your business that next morning I don't know what done got in you shit. Yeah you do. Yeah you do. Gotta have a eye tiger when you're going out. Let your pride in you go go make them call for you youngsters out there right now you shouldn't need no supplements So when you think about it you should be getting harder than two recaps.


That's all I'm saying here. Today is Friday. You been on the phone all week. It's Friday. You gonna, it's time to do what it's time to do. Let know when you get off work you taking you a bag, take you a shit shower in a shave. I got all IP burning Mac shit. Shower in a shave and you make your rounds. You damn right. That's what you need to be doing. Stop playing with people. Make sure you got your notifications on too when I drop so you'll know Man I ain't even know you were dropping man. You ain't got your damn notifications on. I bet you got your notifications on for that.


I bet you that you know when she hit you you got all that church. No wait a minute. Put them notifications on y'all when I drop. Y'all know I'm dropping man. Told y'all I'm dropping number. Heat dropping number five. Hopefully y'all rock with my top 10. If not, we'll get right back on here and we'll talk about it again. I don't have no damn problem with that tanking long maco. That fight failed through. They ain't fighting no damn more. Who you fighting? Tank? Who you gonna fight? Secure? The secure gonna sign a contract. What the hell is gonna go on? I wanna know I'm ready. Man's ready. Ain't nothing like watching an exciting boxer tank. Davis is motherfucker Tank Davis is like the 2001 like Vic Nasty.


I mean Vic, Vic brought it now back. It mech not even T not you were Mike Vick. If you on this show from Atlanta from that era, you know I ain't lying. Didn't have no fucking hope. My sports brave. That was 96 9 7 0 1. It was Mike Vick. I'm telling you guys Honest the truth. They were Mike Vick. I got the Vic, I had him on this show. If y'all didn't get to see that interview, just scroll back down. Go around the time history I interviewed Mike Vick. Dope little interview but I wanna do that interview in person as well so we're gonna revisit that one.


But for the people that's talking into this show, man, welcome. Thank you. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. In case you don't know over here it's it's pure comedy. Don't take what I say for granted or I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna entertain first two sports. That's what I do. I dive into the stats and give you the stats and break the shit down like nobody else can break it down. That's what I do. And, we gonna talk about the culture a little bit. We, we we're family. Now if, if you subscribe to me we family, if you subscribe to me, you know my morals. You know my, you know I love God. God's number one my life. You watch me so that's me. Somebody might watch. So don't believe in God. That's your business. I'm not Finn to talk about you As long as you don't talk about me. We good. I don't judge people.


I ain't got no heaven or hell to put you in. I ain't no better than none of y'all that watching this damn show. I breathe the same area. Y'all breathe bleed just like y'all believe. I ain't no different. We just our different talents. That's all I like to, you know what I'm saying? I like to tell jokes. Y'all like to laugh. We go together. That's all match Megan Heaven. That's I'm just calling it like I see around they bullshit going on bullshit. People out here in the world man tell you one thing and do another. You ain't expect you to be the same with me. No motherfucker. No you can't treat me like this. You got people out there right. I know y'all do. Y'all got people who treat you certain kind of way. But when you react man why are you doing that man?


Why you doing this to me? I do all I can for you and this is how you do me and you still want me to be the same bro. I'm not going. Mm you not gonna stop me on this cheek and expect me to turn this other cheek for you. Get the other I be damn. Now you might slap this check and I might cry. I might even run but when I come back I'm coming back. You assaulted me. I'm not not keep putting motherfucking hands on me. You not finna keep threatening me. We not going none of that Ia get some Goddamn I'm finna get some understanding behind him. we gonna get some understanding on this Bo Dub show real fast and Hurry still got the hell NAHH segment coming up.


Still got the trash or the day segment coming up. Damn. How y'all talk to me of y'all already done went and voted for your boy too? Yeah, I'm feeling good Friday. Y'all feeling good man? Friday payday baby. Ain't nothing like paydays on Fridays man. I'm telling you. Get that motherfucking check. You already knowing the child support gonna come out there and then everything is belong to me. But that's when everybody start calling. Hey fam, you think you got 34 locker and don't hell no. You can call money because you know ain't get paid. You wanna call when I got the little money and then when I got my little money, I'm not trying to give y'all a motherfucking thing. I don't wanna pay these bills but I gotta see I'm a responsible person. I'm gonna make sure all my bills paid before I do anything else.


Like all my bills paid. I'm gonna take my little old 10%, put it to the side for the good Lord. After that it's free game. Its free game for me. Come on. What you say you wanna be come over here and get it. Have my shirt on with me when you get there too. It going down. I ain't doing no more damn talking. I so you thank got my phone gonna do me. It's going. You gonna be over for about six hours. You gonna work for this shit last time you come up here. You gone in 10 minutes. Shit I have that pack now. I got the pack now. Your ass getting smacked.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss ASAP Rocky, I don't big shot Camila Cabal. Doji Cat Dua Lipa. When Stefan Halsey Poer Sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Go have fun. Hey man, I like to have fun on Friday. Shit here. Shit, if you ain't never been to top Golf, go with top Golf then they got drinks, snack, they got man top Golf is the top spot man. It's a good spot to go and chill with your family or with your homeboy. Y'all just want to hang out coworkers, you want to bond and whatever Man. Go to top golf man. Shit go with top golf man. It's that spot. I'm not gonna lie to you man. I ain't gonna tell you nothing to hurt you. I'm gonna tell you something to help you then. You know that Real talk. It's time for the hell NAHH segment y'all. Let's get to it Man. Somebody hit me up D man what you get dropped off in the jungle with just a knife.


What I'm gonna do with a motherfucking knife in the jungle? They got Jaguar. Jaguar. They're killing Camerons all. What I gonna do with that? I can't whoop nobody out real I'm them whoop. They got birds and and snakes and all that shit and crawl in and that could kill you. Everything in that damn jungle dangerous. God himself wouldn't send his beloved son down in that jungle. Shit. Would you make I think I'm a grind now. I ain't more powerful. I'm not more powerful, stronger muggle than Jesus Christ. If God wouldn't send Jesus down there, why would I go down now? See you God give you common sense y'all. Y'all better start using you better store. I'm not doing going in that damn jungle for nothing in the world.


I'm sorry y'all. I can't do it. So y'all mean tell me y'all are going in the jungle just an hour. Huh? So you gonna say man I'll do shit. Your ass out there too. Yeah, CA is sharp. You ain't gonna have nobody for the, we gonna cremate your ass probably ain't got no insurance in the way. We gonna go on and cremate you. Go ahead and get you out the way and go ahead and put you in and mix you with that bubble do pack Big smoke. That's what we gonna do with you. Hey I'm just being real. I'm just giving y'all scenario man. What to think of man. Somebody hitting me a thug. Would you actually go to the jungle with a knife? Hell no I wouldn't.


And, and, and and and just couldn't do it y'all. Somebody always ask me too. B duh. Could you be the manager at one of them fast food restaurants? Hell no. My attitude too bad soon. Somebody come here and tell, tell me something and y'all got attitude. I'm gonna get warm back room and before you know it we fighting right at the restaurant front everybody. Mm. My attitude too bad. I couldn't be no damn man. I could own a stove but I couldn't run it day to day. I couldn't be a attitude too bad. But no jump on somebody, baby mama coming there because she my baby mama. She supposed to get free food never. Oh you gonna pay like everybody else. You get step on in the back room and do what? Do with me. Like you used to me Make me crow shit can get whatever you want. Make me crow like a whole rooster.


I give you what you want. Real talk shit. You want three burgers? Shit give a six. Shit. Got a big fat ain't shit y'all man. Hey man, if you watching this show bad, we having fun over here man. We growing man. Yeah man. People smiling again. People in my DM bro. Man appreciate the show bro. Man you, you helped me get through my days. You helped me get through my nights, you know like you growing. I see the elevation and that's all I ask bro. I'm just growing. Y'all growing with me. That's what it's all about man. Like I say man, I wanna be number one and not only just number one man, I wanna be great but I want to create a show where everybody can come and laugh and enjoy they self and don't have to worry about this and that.


And you know I just wanna let y'all know who tuning in bro. You know when I talk about the politics stuff, I don't care about that shit. It's just for entertainment. I gotta talk about it. I'm a current comedian, I like to talk about what's going on. So don't get offended if you do fuck you. But don't get offended by that shit. It's all jokes at the end of the day. So leaving that there, I ain't gonna discuss that no more. We moving on to bigger and better things trash other day. I gotta give it to Southwest Trash now y'all wanna start doing assigned seats. But I tell you what 'cause I made this preferred. I tell you what, I better be upfront number two. Y'all better not take my second bag policy.


I know that damn much. That second bag better be three Charles. I'm saying Southwest. Talking about y'all wanna change it up? No it ain't. Y'all got sued. We, I ain't forgot y'all got sued. Y'all come shit I made Lift preferred Damnit. I better have, I better have all kind of privileges. How much money I done spent with Southwest. I'm, I'm I better. I'm I'm telling you man, I better be up front or at least the option to it. I playing with y'all Southwest. Y'all my go to keep playing with me.


I go with Spirit. I might have to leave two or three days before my show to there but Damnit I go with Spirit Frontier wherever you not I go there they somebody gonna see me United, somebody gonna see me. Shit. They better stop doing dub like that man. They be doing me bad y'all man. My whole family do me bad man. They always jumping on me if I don't give 'em this and that or or you know what I'm saying? Man, my family violent. I need, I'm looking for a security guard right now. Watch this show. I'm looking for a real life security guard to travel with me everywhere I go. I mean you gotta protect me with your mother life. I'm real tall. You got to be ready.


I'm about playing even though I ain't, thank God I don't be in no situations and I don't start shit and I don't bother nobody but you protecting me. You got, you gotta watch on me but your life ain't, I ain't gonna put you in nothing. Don't you put me in nothing. I tell you. Let's go, let's go. I tell you knock out, knock out Damnit. That's how knock you out. I wanna see a motherfucking body drop. Come here. Protect me. I'm looking for a real life security guard. Not real talk. Try with me everywhere I go. I'm gonna take care of you man. Real talk. I'm gonna feed your bad meat. Yeah, real tough. You gonna be tough hanging with me. I need somebody that can throw these things. I'm talking about throwing too.


I need somebody that ever headed. No drugs, no none of that. No drinking none of that with me. Only thing you gonna drink is w The only thing you gonna drink with me is W we're gonna get laying over him. Real business going over here. No bullshit going over here. Bubble dub and all real thank y'all for watching the bubble Dub over on the Volume. Say say media we rocking and rolling over on Volume and say say media baby. We ain't bullshit. We ain't in competition with nobody. We're in competition with ourselves. That's all. It's friendly competition. Can you make the people laugh like I can. Hell no you can't. I'm one of kind baby. I'm one of a kind one of y'all right now in the oil field working shit.


Got a new hire coming in. Shit. What you saying? I been here four, five years at motherfucker can't work like me. It's a supervisor right now. They ain't done nothing in them. Oil field. Sorry you probably wasn't show sorry Lazy done gang. All kind way. Get what? Can't nobody out lazy your ass. Yeah can't nobody out lazy you. You gotta be one of them more. Right. I know what I'm gonna get from him or I know I'm gonna get from her. You female out there. You out there in the streets doing your motherfucking thing. You make sure you were best. Do you hear me? I'm telling you the truth. I got some head so good the other night. I want her bunny to bed. I'm not bullshitting you. That's when you know your head gained fire.


Her head gain was so motherfucking good. I wore her bunny to bed. Shit. I, I kept some come here. Woke up early the next morning. Babe what you want for breakfast? I was just gonna go to Mickey DI be damn I'm cooking breakfast. I got bacon pancake. Come here. Lemme lemme show you. I can take care of you. I ain't never had this. I ain't never had no man because you ain't never had a man of God in your prison. So where I am, I'm come here.


You watching this show and then you gotta know presented by prospects. Yeah go download the number one Sports bet fantasy app in the world right now. In the world Craig. That's right. Go and download. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs man. T-R-A-S-H-H going download first time user. Lemme tell you something, you they'll match you all the way up to a hundred dollars man. You put a hundred in. They gonna give you a hundred now you got $200 to play this game. Only way you gonna win on Prospect if you don't play Real Talk more or less. That's all. Got my boy shoe. You a Tony over there. Slate it to hit two home runs. You either put more or less. That's all you doing more or less in prize Peace. Got my girl too. Caitlyn Clark. They got this lady to hit two threes. You either put more or less. Do you know what I'm saying? More or less. Ain't nothing else freed up. That's it. Three Outta three is a one. Four out fours A one. Five Outta five is a one. Do you hear me? Do you hear me? And on Tuesdays. Ooh man I have special deals on Tuesday too. Don't forget they got all kinds of deals going on on Prospect. Only way you win if you don't play whatever do you can switch over to hockey. They might have a certain player to hit this certain amount of goals. You either just put more or less. That's how they got hockey too. Yep. Baseball. Basketball. They got work Well boxing. They got it. All you gotta do is go and download. You download it, you put your name in your email in and do your location and nigga see if you can play it or not. Hmm. You already win. 'cause I'm giving you the game right now and I'm giving you my promo code. Travis, you already headed the game? Yeah, you could put $10 in right now. We in 1500. Well you can do that. Where else can you do that?


No tune in. Hopefully. Hopefully. I hope y'all enjoyed this show today 'cause man I had show more fun today. It's Friday. I can't wait to get out this show because I'm feeling go pull up Pull y. Gonna know nothing about Big Mo. Oh I pick a big Mo man. Shout to my Houston, Texas people man. Just watching this show man. I know y'all love in there right there. Do know about that Mo. Hey man, love Mo man. Real talk man. Hopefully I ain't enjoyed this show today man. Cut your notifications on man so you'll know when I'm gonna drop it.


I want you to know we take it. No and it ain't even football season. Football season man. It's just gonna be because I know y'all do got on that Rich and dude, that's the homie check I out the riches. Y'all be on Lookout for that interview too. That's coming real soon. Can't wait to sit down and chop it up with that young man. Man, I can't wait. I'm telling you I'm done working man. I'm working man. I'm telling y'all man. I'm trying to get this show what I, what, what, what I need to do. And when y'all get into comments and I read y'all hip, I told y'all in comments. It helps encouragement, it helps, it helps, it helps. So my encouragement to y'all, thank y'all so much. I pray y'all whoever played a lottery, I pray y'all go out and win 50 million whoever you in and if it's right, I pray that you succeed in everything you do man.


It's a guy out there right now. You're watching this show. You've been engaged for seven years. Don't only marry that damn woman. Hell you waiting on, you gonna drug this woman seven years. Hell and you still ain't married. But stop it. You better stop it right now and go ahead and marry that woman. Some of y'all been with this girl, some of y'all been with y'all girl right now, three months and y'all already ready to marry. Don't do it. Don't you mother do it. Don't you do it, don't you do it. She making your ass smile now. You be crying later. Ask through some tests or play or put them through a test first before you do all that. I see y'all. When I see y'all, I'm out The Volume.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos. It's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean Camila Cabal, Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend. Thomas Red Victoria. Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the Ad Council.