
State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. Plug In a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults.


Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you.


The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. The Volume. What's up y'all? What it do? What it do y'all come on in man. I know y'all been waiting on me man.


Y'all come on in man. We finna have fun tonight man. We gonna rock and roll tonight. Y'all go in, hit the like button right now. Go on ahead and hit the subscribe button right now. It's Sunday. Sunday. Some of y'all went to church, some of y'all didn't. Some of y'all teams won. Some of y'all team didn't. But damnit, you right here with me right now on The Bubba Dub Show. And you already know how I like to do my thing. Y'all come on here and just got through watching the Baltimore Ravens beat the buffalo wide wing bills and let's talk about them. First of all, let me just say this right now. First play of the game. Derrick Henry took that motherfucker 87 yards to the house.


I'm talking about a running back six three and a half, 260 pounds running 21 miles of motherfucking, looked like a big wheel to beast in the safari. And all I could think of was Jerry Jones dropping the ball and nigga ain't even New Year's Eve. Bam. We coulda had Gary Henry on the Dallas Cowboy doing that right there. But no, you wanna come out and tell us you can't afford him. Motherfucker, you a billion now you, I'm talking about a billion now and you telling us the people you can't afford. Gary Henry.


That's why we me yore Now Gary Henry had 199 motherfucking Russian yards tonight. Buffalo Bills look pathetic. Bruce Smith rolling over in his grade right now. Th Thurman Thomas rolling over in his grade right now. Dumb BB rolling over in his grade right now. Steve Taser rolling over in his grade right now. Baltimore beat them boys. 35 to 10. Lamar Jackson with 13 for 1,856 yards. Two touchdowns had six carry 54 yards. Looked like an MVP caliber quarterback to me. They had 271 yard brushes.


That mean nobody on Buffalo showed up today. But I bet the motherfucker be waiting on the, on that they direct deposit check Tuesday. I bet you ain't be waiting on their direct deposit Tuesday. But they didn't show up tonight. I ain't never seen nothing like this in my life. Man. Everybody, all the media want to hype up Josh Allen. Oh man, he's, he's this, he's that, that motherfucker the next Bernie to saw and y'all know it first you said he didn't need digs. Now y'all saying he need make up your mind. The game was pathetic and, and granted ride receiver were missing the balls.


I I know what I'm saying. I, I give credit what his do, he was throwing some good balls. Ride receivers wouldn't catch them. Then he was standing in the pocket trying to make something happen and then wasn't nothing to make happen. Buffalo Bills is what we thought they was. And I'm right here saying right here the night on my show Buffalo not Finn do a me, me come talking to me about no motherfucking buffalo. They ain't doing nothing. But what I really wanna talk about today is them motherfucking saints. Well y'all Booo gumbo motherfuckers at that boo boo ain't worked the last two damn weeks come here.


Yeah I know it was a, I know it was a division game. Y'all played the Atlanta Falcons but it's the motherfucking Falcons at the end of the day. It's the Falcons Falcon fan. I love you don't get mad but you know I'm being honest with you today. I don't know what y'all doing down there. The Kirk cousin I heard he got a grill. I heard it Popping pill. I heard it sip and serve and now all that I heard y'all got him listening to the future. I, I don't know but y'all won 26 to 24. I don't wanna give a damn about no Miss Field go. I don't wanna hear nothing about that New Orleans because y'all always got excuses. So we to the reason why y'all lost, just admit y'all ain't, y'all ain't that good But granted first thing y'all gonna want to say man we beat y'all.


I don't give a damn anybody can beat the Cowboys. Do you see that shit we put on the field every Sunday. Michael Borson rather be on his podcast than Die done getting sacks y'all want that's all y'all. Y'all claim the Fame we blew y'all out. Me anybody can beat the Dallas Cowboys. Y'all anybody can beat them. Sorry motherfuckers. Let's talk about this Falcon scene. They showing me something so far they are showing me something this year and I know a lot of y'all wanted Michael Pinks to come in. Y'all was talking about Kirk cousin getting that money. I was talking about it too but at the end of the day, Kirk cousin be protecting the ball and I feel like the Atlanta FALs will make the playoffs this year because that division is horrible.


The Carolina grasshoppers ain't going nowhere motherfucking well you ain't going nowhere. Y'all know it. Talk to me tonight. Come on. What y'all see after this sanction falcon game? Come on. What y'all see that I didn't see? Come on now. My cousin didn't have a great of a game and y'all still lost Arizona Cardinals. Y'all were bragging about Kyle Murray ain't did nothing the last two motherfucking weeks.


Them damn commanders look good. Jalen da what's his name? What's his name? Jalen balling for the commanders balling. I told y'all bad blood magic. I don't know who he got up there running that team up there. I I. But I know Dan Sny, the Dan Queen is the head coach. Dan Quin is the head coach of the Washington Commanders. The boy baller. That defense flying to the ball. Something that the cowboy defense ain't doing. That's what missing from the cowboy. They ain't flying to the ball like they were when they were with Dan Quinn. Mike Zimmerman too old need to retire, need to be on somebody pond or ocean on fishing because this coaching shit they doing.


These boys need to retire these damn coaching 75 these damn coach the same age And I ain't gonna lie like they mind like they wisdom but sometime man it's time to give it up. Sometime it's time to take your old ass paw paw ass at home and be with the family. You've been coaching four 50 motherfucking years, you gonna miss the hundredth birthday. You miss your dog weddings and all this shit. Go home and be with the fam do Botox or some shit. Walk the dog because this coach shit ain't working That old shit. Y'all running back in the nineties ain't working in the two thousands man this is a pass driven league right now.


You gotta be able to have defenses in getting to the motherfucking quarterback And right now the Dallas Cowboys is not getting to the quarterback. They get the ding practice that's easy. Our old line ain't what for? Damn we need to do a GoFundMe account for our offensive line up there in Dallas. Ain't got no ride receivers, we ain't got nobody but Lamb over there was Cooks was fucking Cooks got turban out there running route. He a pump return them niggas sipping. He see before the games you got to be focused, you got to be locked in.


You motherfucker drinking innocent and here I'm putting my faith in man we going do man we ain't doing nothing. Y'all talk to me man. Oh yeah I'm gonna talk about Pat Mahomes day one but they ain't the same motherfucking team and I'm hearing Rise might be out Well the ACL right now. But one thing I will say about that big motherfucking Andy Re Big Red, that big fill of cheese steak eating mother potato salad. Charles have it Mother watch him go out and get a receiver and I'm gonna say it right here first. Don't be surprised if Amari Cooper end up with the Kansas City Chiefs.


Don't be surprised the Reid know how to cut back on his food. You understand what I'm saying? He might want that double cheese burger but to get a MI Cooper he'll go down to a single burger. That's a real coach. That's illegal. Like some of you men, some of y'all ain't legals in your own house. Your girl leading. You tell him when you king and come and go home Never folk. I'm gonna tell you women a lot of knuckle things. The women watching this show. Lemme tell y'all something I want y'all to stop doing. Stop texting us men. We need to talk when you get home. I ain't been home in two weeks, shit I'm not coming home.


I know you went through my motherfucking phone. No I'm not doing all that. So what's this? If you already know what it was in my phone, why in the hell you asking me about it? I don't know how that number got in my phone. Maybe with ai. I ain't write that text. AI wrote it. You got to be quick on your feet these days Pat my home. Yeah 19 for 29. 2 45 1 td, one Touchdown wasn't the best game but they won your Houston serve Siping SW and as Texans won Bounce back game for CJ style, they won D SC touchdown, the Texan won but you beat the motherfucking Jaar.


They the dude all them down there turmoil down there in Jacksonville. Then the head coach Doug Penton more come out. You won't blame anybody. Blame me Wes don't you worry about it nigga we definitely blaming you see Infield get so caught up in Doug Pinton, you know winning the Super Bowl with the Eagles did a great job with that team. You know what I'm saying? Got fired two years later then they gonna bring him in and thinking they gonna get the same thing they was getting in Philly but it's not the same man Jacksonville gonna have the same talent that they got in Philadelphia. Granted y'all went out and gave Trevor Lawrence 275 million motherfucking dollar.


Why? What did he show you that he was worth that much money? What did he fucking show you now y'all regretting it now it's a shootout every weekend down in Jacksonville. All because y'all fucking losing and I love Jacksonville, I love Duvall got my fire on me. Little Duvall like you gonna owe me a thousand dollars. You told me me and you may bet that y'all gonna have a better record than the Dallas Cowboy from right down the way looking you lied. I want my on my thousand dollars in one because I'm going to the strip club. Well ain't nothing like them strip clubs if you ain't never been them Mother ho be there shaking that motherfucking ass and they, they wanna come with you some more bullshit story.


You know what I'm saying? You don't even fuck with me bro. It shit for what? I know you up no good. You wanna charge a real nigga 700 for that p when I know you were giving that P for hundred never you can keep that motherfucker. I go to the bag. Yeah I'm gonna come out cheaper and I'm gonna be a whole lot safer and I'm still going have motherfucking bands. I was coming over musty. You gonna get in and get in that motherfucking shower. Watch that clean that mother coming over jumping in my bed getting naked. Bitch you crazy. I grabbed my file. What? What's wrong bitch you better get that water.


Shit getting your nasty ass in my bed. Your feet danced. I don't play that but you crazy. You can go, you can go. What about my son? Hey where is father? I wanna put y responsibility on me. What is motherfucking father? Where? Where your where your where your baby daddy Mama where where's mama at? Don't he got a grandma? Don't he got a sister? See somebody Why you keep depending on me buying some shoes, I buy that motherfuckers some open toe sanders. I have 'em looking like Moses or no on no or on that boat wearing them Sanders. He be only nigga playing basketball in sandal.


See I'm not doing all that. Y'all know I'm down here in Nap town. I know y'all, I hear them sirens. Them niggas down here in Naptime. Don't be bullshitting Mike LPs you need to control your city. Fa real talk go down Iron now here in nap. Dangerous. They had me last night. You wanna go to this Apple park? Hell no. I seen something. I get drug out there in the streets. That could have been me. I'm not doing, I told the police escort me to my damn home. See I don't know who going to the Super Bowl right now man it's really up in the air right now man.


I went to the Indianapolis coach game against the Pittsburgh Steelers game today. It was a great game. My boy Richardson got hurt man. He got Richards. You need to get on some almond milk fam getting hurt too much. I don't like that. You a baller. Get on that almond milk, get your bone back. Right. Get back in there play because Joe Flocko, I thought that motherfucker with Andrew Luck today And, we all know Andrew. We all know Joe Flacco are coming up and take over. You can't be getting hurt. You gotta be healthy. It's a good game though. They coach came out and and gets hit Pittsburgh right in the mile. Them first two quarters man, but third and four quarter Justin Field finally came to lie because they were playing bad at first.


Russell Wilson thought he was gonna get in the game today. Shit he ain't lying. He text cc during on halftime baby I might have a chance. She, she Justin Field come alive at third and fourth quarter and you know just keeping the 100, the Pittsburgh Steeler beat theyself today man Pickett talked the ball fumble down in the red zone. That was a missed opportunity for them as well as, as to winning that game. They should have won that game because Anthony Richardson got hurt should have won that game. They didn't really run the ball like they normally do. If Richards was in there granted flack up through the ball pretty well but Pittsburgh Steel blew that game. If you went to that game or watched that game, Pittsburgh blew that game.


But at the end Fields played good, protected the ball. Cordell Paterson got hurt, he came in and was like running the ball really well for them but he got hurt and they just kind of, you know we just a little too late for them on that as well. Hell yo. Russell thinking about that new future album boy shit I couldn't beat with C man. I couldn't beat with a chick that's done been with a guy like Future got 10, 12 baby mamas. You know he done done everything in the world with CI and and I get it. You know granted ain't no woman and she ain't gonna verge, you know she done done some things with her man before, you know, before you get with a girl like but that would bother me inside, you know what I'm saying, like listen to future rap.


I couldn't even listen to Future bro. Like real talk like nah man couldn't even be with she, I know she done done some things. Chicago barrels beat the the Rams. I don't know what's going on with the motherfucking Rams. Look, if you let Kayla William in the barrels beat you, she you you your season. No ain't nobody up there motherfucker Chicago ain't nobody up there dirt gone Dwayne Wade. He ain't got no damn fingernail shop up there in Chicago. Shit Jordan us finally sold that old ass mansion up. I don't know what's going on but I what I wanna talk about what y'all tonight though and I'm saying this allegedly Sam, Donald is on steroid when that motherfucker been sorry the last seven years, all of a sudden now he on fire.


Sam Donald is on fire right now. Adrian Peterson rolling over and and and and stole right now. Brett Ford rolling over and lied right now. Brett Ford went up there and told on people he had Parkinson's. Okay you got Parkinson's, we sorry for you Brett far but what's the motherfucking money yet? Some people ask you what was the money and you got up there shaking and shit. You ain't even got to shake shit crying about p no Parkinson's ain't shit ain't gonna kick in the seven months. Where is the money? Don't people in Miss Mississippi won't gonna know where's the money. They already ain't got clean water down them and you done took the motherfucking stamps man y'all oughta be riding down there in Mississippi right now of up to having them damn kickback.


Him and his family. I'm talking my briskets the size of a motherfucking elephant. Have y'all seen Brett for a barbecue pit? Shit follow that foot long. Nothing but links brisket chicken now it's unseasoned like a motherfucker. Do you hear me? That's one thing about that white people barbecue, it's unseasoned ain't no season on that motherfucker but they got plenty of it though. You you, you go to one of them white people functions. They gonna have food for mother they pot looks what they call they'll have food for weeks but they ain't got no motherfucking taste to it and then they want to, they fix you a big plate and they wanna sit back and watch you eat it doing all this.


Is it good? Hell no. Why damn near die eating this motherfucking tough as brisket homemade barbecue sauce. Don't you make this shit though Mo Dave? I don't know who told you can barbecue but they lied to you. Shit. I'm going through a storm y'all. I see I'm on my drink, I'm on my level at night going down through there. State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up but not let it be something that slows me down.


Right. And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might've, you know, inherited from our family and then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast network. This is Ray Slater from the Soar Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota's been building for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of efficiency and safety. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the adventure ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Are you ready to have your bacon Love in mind?


Blown well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours, but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good.


So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower ionic five. And and it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying.


There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three to three mile driving range for 2024 i five SE SEL limited real wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion X six SE long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 100,000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owners manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more Details. When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have and that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free.


Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo. Y'all talk to me tonight man. Jordan Love with the Packers 32 for 54 389 Yard four touchdown three deception. He wrote Brett Ford jersey took a game in your fucking played like him In your played like the gun slinger too. The one that motherfucker everywhere 49ers came back with a bounce back win.


They beat Jacoby brisket. I mean Jacoby Brist with the Patriots. Patriots nigga, nigga quarterback man. And and and you know I hate to get on this show and talk about my brother but that brother was a backup for a motherfucking reason and I don't understand why y'all keep trying to make these backups the motherfucking starting quarterback just go out and start from scratch 'cause that ain't get up there. No England robber craft. You need one of them massages for him. You 89, 90 years old And I feel like you should get any kinda massage you want 'cause you need it. Looking at that shit out there when I'm looking at that shit, bill Belichick going from network to network still dressing horribly man put on a motherfucking suit Bill.


I hear Bill like Miss Die five stop it. I feel like that nigga throw me somebody in there because Jacoby brisket ain't get man, he ain't get it man. And nah man I I don't know Brock per like I say they won When for nine when y'all gonna pray when y'all going pay this man, man, man make it 800, 900,000 year don't ahead pay him man. He been balling out the last two years. What else y'all need to see from him? Go ahead and give that man this money. Brandon new you trash gave him all that motherfucking money and he can't catch my two or three balls a game.


Shit. I be at that motherfucker locker. Locker every after the game. Come on now You set that training camp, dig all this talking about you the best receiver in the league and you can't catch for two or three motherfucking balls Paul. That's all you can catch. RuPaul can catch more balls than you. Brandon put RuPaul out there. Put put Caitlyn Jen out there. Watch how many balls they you. If I'm an NFL owner, I'm going out there hiring RuPaul and and Caitlyn Jenner is my starting receivers. That's who Buffalo need. Caitlin Generaler and RuPaul. She throw it to him. I bet they catch it. I bet they won't drop nothing.


Shit did it. I left Diddy. Diddy did it to himself. Diddy had it made man Diggy had it made y'all and y'all know it but money and power go with certain people head man Diddy was having them motherfucking freakouts up there. Yeah Diddy was having them freakouts with them women having a time of their life and it wasn't and and and and them women wasn't enough for him. He wanted some men and there's some men out there that don't want men. They indu and in sexual activities with the brother Love and they loved it. I wasn't there, I don't know how it went down but I'm pretty pretty sure it was hardly shake him, wiggle them in the Dart and baby all, every time they grab puff he'll slide off of him.


That's how he was able to get away. Yeah there's some people that we love right now. I guarantee you when they come out there's some people that we love look up to. That's them big in that bedroom with Diggy and they say P Diggy is cold between them sheets. They say Diddy Cole in that bedroom. Do you hear me? Diddy? Y'all call him Diddy, I call him Sean Shana Cole. That's his name. Y'all. I don't y'all see Diddy as a man. I don't. I see Diddy as a woman.


That's the way I see him in her. I mean ladies and Joe whatever you, that's the way I see him man. And, we babied him. We gave him his flowers when we should have given been given that motherfucker handcuffs. Yeah Tupac told us a long time ago we didn't wanna believe it man. We was all on that man black people gotta stop killing one another. Stop fighting with one and I'm with all that but Diddy's been showing us a long time. Who he really is man. He showed, he showed us that with that fabulous shit. You ain't never partied with me though. Don't nobody wanna party with you did. Why you got all that motherfucking baby oil in here fam? You ain't numbered me in here. Why you got baby oil in here baby powder going on?


Talking about coming in the room nigga I'm not coming in that motherfucking room with you. Talk to me at this dinner table. Why you wanna talk to me away from everybody? Why you can't say what you need to say in front of everybody being Lec done left J Lo He know what she was doing on them tapes. Ce she ain't no motherfucking saint. Y'all love J Lo. She was having them freak off with did it too. Y'all seen that picture J Lo did it a Damon dad, Jay-Z in the back watching shit. They were having some real freak offs. You see Jay-Z went I got a real woman. Beyonce, she ain't with that shit. Beyonce ain't with them motherfucking freak out want a real black woman shit she ain't going for all that threesome shit you won't see get you a real sister.


Shit. The real sister shit. Them whole, them whole two jealous hearted messy and they ain't sharing your rabbit ass either. You can be the biggest cheater in the world but if you think your woman finna have a threesome with you never shit she not sharing you. You know what I'm saying? Sharing JC camera face ass shit. Y'all talk to me man how y'all feeling now you got some black women ask them two threesome shit you know but I'm talking about the real ones that don't play that shit. They not doing that shit bro.


They nah, nah nah, nah they not feela sharp because one thing I know about a bad woman, if you get the fuck and the other girl little too good she gonna get jealous. Especially if he a woman. Why you fucking her like that? You ain't know fucked me like that before you look at all this all bitch just enjoy this shit. This we done brought this motherfucker in she god damnit, she done bought me some Hennessy bought me a 3.5. I'm fucking give this motherfucker what she want. I don't care. She is sitting there. I don't feel a give her what she wrong. You don't like it. Leave God damn room. I don't need all that bad energy here watching me do my strokes and I do and my strokes already ain't that good anyway because I ain't working with nothing But that's okay.


You women will mess up a good thing man. Y'all talk to me tonight though. Y'all know I ain't lying. Y'all know I ain't lying man. Y'all talk to me man. Eagles lemme tell y'all something about the Eagles, that Eagle fell off the motherfucking bone. They down there in Tampa Bay. Now I want think about this. The Eagles are one of them team everybody looked at like man they that team could really go all the way but what is going on in Philly? I don't know Gili Wallo, that shit ain't working no more up there fam. Y'all need some real help and I know Philly is the home of the Muslims. The brothers them y'all nigga y'all nigga changed them damn bean pies to something else because brother Jaylen hurts Ain't nothing but a turnover motherfucking machine and y'all know it had that one good year went to the Super Bowl coulda been an MVP.


He ain't done nothing else. Got a big contract, ain't done nothing else but all he do is show up to the game and turn that ball over and over and over And I'm sick of watching it. Nick Sirki, the head coach need to be fired. Y'all always talking. I find the other coaches fire him that the, because the Philadelphia Eagles fall off need to be studied. They really do. You got Sayquan Barkley, you got Jaylen Hurtz, you got Devonte Smith, you got AJ Brown Grant, he been out hurt. Defense terrible big play Slate is not big Play slate. CJ Gardner is trash.


He was getting toasted in Detroit. He getting toasted and feel it. I don't understand y'all motherfucking coaches go out and bring somebody in Who couldn't. Who couldn't, couldn't, couldn't hold nobody in Detroit. You wanna bring him into your defense and think he finna do the same. Stop it. These niggas is not watching film. I'm I'm telling y'all man the football player is not watching film like they supposed to be watching film. They not in position, they running his own defensive. You got a certain area you supposed to be in and these niggas is not in they motherfucking area but after the game they want to bitch and complain about this and that looking the mirror.


They not looking in the mirror. Y'all we ain't legal in Louisiana. He ought to be. Did y'all see that Broncos and just gang Bo Nicks did y'all this motherfucker Sean Peyton talking about he wanna go out and get Bo Nick Bo who? That motherfucker had 60 yard passing. I don't wanna hear nothing about no motherfucking weather. I don't wanna hear nothing about no weather. I watch Nick foes throw the ball in the snow. It was polar weather and Nick Foes was throwing that ball.


And you mean to tell me both Nicks can't have a 60 motherfucking yard passing let, that would've been Bryce Young or somebody else. The ad would've been on the motherfucking bench. But you want to cut Russell last year saying Russell wasn't a good quarterback. You wanted to go out and get your quarterback but the quarterback you went out and got Ain't worth a damn he me or do Aaron Rogers over there can't even hold up his motherfucking head. Not the discount double check. Not you can't hold up your head. Yeah he, there's some shit that need to be talked about. I'm gonna talk about it to me.


Ain't gonna talk about it. They going to talk about oh just bad work. I'm looking at some badass quarterback play. That's what I'm looking at because anytime it's a black quarterback, that's the first thing y'all say. They can't read. They can't read the defense, they can't read. That's what y'all motherfuckers always say. I just, they can't read either. I just, they can't motherfucking read it either. Damn shame man. Shit we go through around here. I'm sick of it and I'm gonna call him out on this shit. Deshaun Watson is a fucking lemon.


Signed that $260 million contract with the brown. He ain't nothing but a motherfucking lemon. You ain't been worth a damn since you done got caught having all them damn massages and happy. And if I got to send one, if I had to go out here and buy Ahoe to sitting down on the son, I do it fam. 'cause your play ain't what it do Faye. I'm looking at your stats right now. 24 for thirty two a hundred seventy six motherfucking yard. One touchdown, one interception. That ain't going to get it. That ain't going to get it. That ain't NFL quarter lau to the Raiders to God miss you.


God miss you with 14 for 24. That's NBA numbers one 30 yo. He ain't have no touchdowns. They didn't even have Deonte out and you lost to the lost Uck. If I'm and I guarantee you 260 million and I come motherfucker, I'm coming out, I'm coming out some Sweetss, I'm coming down on the field and walk by you. I know they got cameras and all that. Matter of fact I would want the cameras to see me. I'll be the first owner to do that when I, when I walk by the cell was and the first thing he gonna say, boss I'm sorry and I hear him with eternal you sorry.


All right you the sorry motherfucker I ever seen Johnny Manza wrote over this motherfucking Greg away was him playing. Everybody gonna keep saying he gonna get it together nigga when when he gonna get it together. Y'all had eat weeks of practice preparation. You know what the defense being pretty much 90% of the game. You got people upstairs looking at the defense and y'all can't come up with a mother. All you can come up with is this quarterback getting 176 thorn. I don't understand man.


Somebody explained this shit to me. Jim Brown rolling over in his motherfucking grave right now. Oh I pick Jim Brown man a legend. One of our legals that we had that was that's really stood up for us. Jesse Jackson Ain't worth a damn. Jesse let Martin Luther King get shot up there on that motherfucking balcony because he was jealous that Martin the fucking them ho and he couldn't do them. Get the left over. Fuck Jesse, y'all black people y'all we get on. Y'all get on my nerve. Black people holding people up to a motherfucking Pel shit Jesse Jackson bleeding piss just like I do. Fuck Jesse. He illegal Jesse ain't shit.


We gonna talk about it Demi, we going to talk talk about it. Yes Doug Williams up there showing love to that young quarterback James Daniels up there and come command as he should. We need more people who can came and pa away for us to pull up and show love and respect. That's what we need. Some of you men on this show ain't been fathers to your daughters or your sons. Well it's time you go and get shit right with your, with your son or with your daughter. It's never too late to be a father man. Any man can make a baby but it take a real man to be a father to your children. Yeah some of our baby mamas ain't worth for damn they bigger this and that but that don't mean that don't stop you from being a father to your child.


Man. These kids need us more than everything man. Especially if you got do man. There's so many predators out here man. So many men looking at these young women that want do things to 'em and they need women who grew up without father. They easy to be manipulated man. When we gonna take a stand your fathers and say you know what man I got, I got princesses that that's one day going want gonna be queens. These women need us more than they ever needed us bro. We can't continue to fail man these women man or watch you. We can't continue to fail 'em man. Us men, we got to beat up for one another man. It ain't always going by going picking up a gun because somebody done beat you up or hurt your pride to kill somebody.


We gotta stop all that monkey shit. Stop being so emotional man. Stop being so emotional when shit don't go your way. Sometimes you be on your job and your boss say some shit to you, you don't like it so you talk back. You say then how you losing your job Sometimes it's best to keep your mom closed until you find you a better situation man. Because if you got a family man you gotta take care of them. Kids telling y'all the truth that I hope everybody that watching this show having a great time man. Hope you enjoying life. I know everybody have ups and down. We all have ups and down man.


We human man. We ain't perfect but what we can do is be better to one another, be nice one another. You see old people walking into the store, at least we can open the door for 'em. Be respectful. Watch our mouth around our elders man. That's what we can do. We can start helping these holes out more. Man these holes struggling man. These holes Tiger selling their funky P they tiger. You know what I'm saying? They don't wanna sell that P no more man. They just want some help but got them having to give us some man. Start helping these women now. Man y'all using them up these ho broke y'all going over their house eating up all they food, you know what I'm saying? Roughing them up, jumping in, jumping up and in and outta them. You know what I'm saying?


Aint they hoes ain't got no walls, you know what I'm saying? They're lost cause be respectful to these hoes man leg. Be respectful to the men that's been there before you when your baby daddy was in the penitentiary. Been holding it down soon as this crazy ass nigga got outta jail. You wanna leave a good man, don't do that because that nigga that was in the pen was with another man already. How y'all feeling man? Told y'all Coach Prime then was going to be UCF Y'all didn't believe me but I believe it man. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm watching Greatness right now man.


That was the best complete game I seen Rago play Travis Hunger is playing outta this world right now. Going to be the Heisman. If if you know bar injury, Shado throwing that ball better than anybody could throw it right now man. Run game is looking good right now. I'm proud to Cargo. I want 'em to keep it going. Don't get complacent. You can always find room to get better. You can always get better Sha I took a Longhorn because you know I'm from Texas. I'm, you know what I'm saying. Arch Mangan. I see you fam. I know y'all been wanting me to talk about the Longhorn. I'm watching, I'm seeing y'all. I'm gonna pull up to a game, you know what I'm saying? Any Longhorn fan alumni holler at me. I wanna pull up to the game.


You know what I'm saying? I want, I, I I wanna see, I wanna see, I wanna see it in that. I wanna see it in person. Real life. Real talk. I'm gonna pull up Austin, Texas is right down the road from the age I'll pull up man, get at me. Gotta be cur but to them ho you damn right that doing Julio talking to me. Nevertheless, I'm enjoying life though Morgan. Anything. I'm enjoying life man. The Chargers rock game. Jim Augh thought he was going to be the save your day as he was to the, to the Michigan Rine.


They do all that hyping up Justin Herbert. I mean Justin Sherbert, Justin Sherbert is not it for me. I'm just being real man. I take 30 other quarter, 30 other 32 quarterbacks in the NFL over Justice Sherbrook. I I'm just saying I will, I'll take Jamus Winston right now over Justice Sherbrook now I might have to bang him from my grocery store from them crab lead but god damn. So bring in Jam Winston for Justin Sherbert. Sherbert ain't all letting y'all know it. Riding these nuts. That motherfucker trash Justice Sherbert ain't no dog stop.


What have Justin Sherbert done since he been in the in affair? Tell me right now. He ain't done no more than Kirk Cousins than done what? He's 6, 5, 6 6. So so it just Allen and losing putting all this hype on Justin shareable. Stop it. Stop it. Sad be he is not a dog. Stop it. Stop it, Stop it.


Kirk has done more than Justin Sherbert. Stop it. How many play I win Justin Sherbert got. I'm waiting. How many play I win Justin Sherbert got right now. I'm waiting. I want y'all to explain this to me. Damn right. Jaylen Daniels is a dog. How many win Herbert got? Like I wanna know if he gets and that let me know. Don't say he ain't, he ain't no talent because Tom Brady ain't have no talent around him. We can't even name most of them damn receivers up there in New England. But Tom Brady, my and since we talking about Tom Brady And, we always talking about mj, the GRS and all that.


Tom Brady, the goat of everything. He a go of everything right now. Y'all gonna stop disrespecting TB 12 got six in New England and left and went down nigga Tampa Bay and got him one Self. Selma Can't do nothing but put respect on Tom Brady name. He suck as a broadcaster though. And I'm just keeping the 100.


I like Tony Romo, I think that nigga get Chris Linworth old wrinkle face ass off of TV too and all that makeup they got on. Chris Linworth ain't ain't my motherfucking color when, when Chris Linworth become black, Let's bring home makeup on that boy. Y'all know I ain't lying to y'all man. That's one thing dub ain't gonna do and get on this. I might be wrong sometime, but I ain't finna get on here and lie. Chris Linworth is running funeral home makeup and let me be honest and re with y'all. We, when we all get old, we get a little wrinkle but white folks, the motherfuckers age, they motherfucker age like milk spoil milk.


I'm telling you Chris Col look at his neck. I'm telling you that shit wrinkle like a motherfucker right here but from right here it is dark. That's makeup. They got makeup on. That man's at Apple take the makeup off. You'll see every wrinkle in his motherfucking body. You'll never see Chris Collin Worth no T-shirt. That's wrinkle. That's why he had them church shirts on them suits on all the way up to him. Go back and look at NBC look at look, look at him when they broadcast that damn that damn that damn white dress shirt be red up here. Hide them wrinkles on that neck. Boy's old and ain't, ain't nothing wrong with getting old. Ain't nothing wrong with getting old man. You, you, you, you want live. Get old. Look I'm saying man, sometime it's time to move out the way and somebody else come in there and do what they do.


Man, y'all boy done made millions of dollars. YI ain't hurry for no money. Take your ass home. Walk the dog eat that nasty ass what you call what what they stove Top stir stove top stuffing Dorothy been making and and call it a day Stay foreman DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home.


Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might've, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Chris Broussard and Rob Parker. Here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency.


With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with the legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours, but Oscar Meyer doubles that time.


Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens.


It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ionic five, in Ioni six or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower IONI five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a allowed adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 ix five SE SEL L limited rear wheel drive and 3 0 61 mile driving range for 2024 iion.


Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions For free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.


Lenovo You might say size 16 Nick. You know I ain't lying. I'm telling you the truth. I like Chris Collin. I most definitely do but the motherfucker owe it's time to get some new blood in him but it's white, black, Mexican, whoever is, it is time to get some new blood in here. We talking watching the old ass announcing call the game. They boring. They ain't talking about the same old shit. Chris Linworth talk about the same shit every motherfucking Sunday and y'all know it. Don't say nothing exciting no more. I'd rather watch the TV on mute.


But you can check me out this weekend. I'm gonna be in Dallas, Texas at the Gerson Improv. October the fourth through sixth. I got five shows. All of need to be sold out. I'm what you need to see. You ain't seen me yet on stage you tripping. Pull up putting on a show if you think I'm lying. You ask them people down here at nap time that I just did a show with this past weekend. You ask him how I'm coming. You ask them come to my show. You gonna love my shit. I promise you your stomach gonna be hurting when you leave my shit. You might go to the other show and laugh when you come to mind. Your motherfucking stomach are gonna be hurting and you gonna be glad you spent every dime.


Somebody say Alabama gonna wing. I don't know. Georgia came back, I was on here last night talking shit about Georgia. Georgia came back. I gotta give 'em their respect. But that quarterback for Alabama something serious man. And that number two, they freshman something serious. I don't know where Alabama finding these players at. I don't know. But these boys balling and they getting that motherfucking chick too. They getting that chick. I know some of y'all thought Travis Hunter and Cam Newton beefing but they not but Cam Newton, you got to stop dressing like that motherfucking cop on Harlem of nights that were harassing quick and sugar. That's how Cam Newton dressed like that damn cop.


Tell me I'm lying. That's how he look. Look got Cam Newton and I love Cam. Gotta do better than that. Fa that ain't drip. That slip Done ju. You doing something to me making me shave baby. I ain't. You wait till I get off this drink shit. I'm feeling like Pac. Yeah, yeah. Shake it baby.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm feeling like Pac baby Igon bail. Soon as I step on the scene, all I'm hearing Hootin screaming yo. Yeah, all I pick a Pac Man definitely know how pick a Pac or I pick a biggie man. I know Biggie so motherfucking dis disappointed in Biggie. I mean and and Diggy right now. Biggie mama say she gonna slap the slap the oil off Diggy face. Miss Viola Wallace say she gonna slap the oil off digs face and he fucking deserve it. Got four, $5 and you out here treating these women like that fam. You supposed to be a motherfucking people.


Look up to you daddy. People wanted to come and work with you and you let 'em work with you. You let 'em work. But you worked on them too. He were working on them niggas like he was a mechanic. You need your car fixed. Yeah Puff, check this out. Come on to the crib. I want you to take that. I'm gonna buy you a new car. Some of these niggas was doing, niggas were tooting they ass up. Niggas were arching. They motherfucking back like a chila in the safari finna go get an antelope.


That's what these nigga were doing. Arching they motherfucking back up for Diddy and he had the oil so it was easy penetration allegedly. Them niggas got so comfortable, Diddy, they didn't have to cut the lights off no more. Sh it's a cold world we live in man. It's a sad world we live in man. But Didley ain't the only one going down. It's some other people this gonna go down too. You can sit back and watch. You can sit back and watch what, what's what's about to happen. Some scary shit going on in Hollywood. Y'all. I don't want no parts of that shit.


Oh you could be in this movie Dub, but you know you got, you know, come on in this room nigga. Fuck that room. I a those lock. I was so poor growing up. We had those, we had curtains over the motherfuckers. I shit what you need to say to me? You can say in front of everybody. Like my daddy always told me, son, all money ain't good money. Sometimes you gotta sit back and fold, sit back and just chill. If it's meant for you, it's going come stop rushing. Shit. Nothing happens overnight, brother. Nothing happens overnight. I know sometimes we get desperate. We be trying to take shit in our own hand, but let God handle it.


Let God do that. Yeah. Sometimes we got to wait on God man. I know He don't act fast enough for us sometimes. Sometimes he do. Sometimes you get, y'all put it in God hands. Don't put it in our hands. 'cause you know we, we like to do anything but we let the good Lord do it. The good Lord do it. You know it's gonna be handled with grace. You know it's gonna be done the right way correctly. And it's gonna be done with love and patience and some things we gonna have. Sometimes man, we be just in a rush to be in the rush to get money not thinking clearly, you know what I'm saying? Sometime it's best to take a step back man and take a deep breath and ize things man and talk to God and ask him.


It's just a, it's just the path for me if it ain't show me. 'cause he will show you. But you gotta be careful what you ask for these days man. Because God will give it to you. I tell people all this time, man, I used to ask God for money. God bless me with money and I wasn't ready for it. Just being honest wasn't ready for it at the time. So keep that in mind man. Thank everybody for watching this show. If you watching this show or if you can't watch this show and you ain't work and you wanna listen to it, you can go with Apple podcast, you can go with Spotify, type in the bubble Dub show and and and shit. You could, you could listen to the show all day, every day. Man. Tell your friends and family about your boy.


That's what I ask. Tell 'em let 'em know after all the games late night game bubble do going live and I got a show that y'all can't miss. You got to watch me, you got to come here this 'cause my motherfucker ain't gonna keep it 100 like I'm gonna keep it 100 with you. They gonna be biased. They gonna wanna be PR PG 13 not me motherfucker. I'm rated all some of the biggest people that we love and watch. We look up to some filthy motherfuckers. Don't think they ain't, don't you think they ain't filthy and nasty man And, if you watching this show right now man, then you gotta know this show is being presented by Prize Picks going download the number one sports fantasy app right now that's in the game right now.


Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Baby And. if you your first time using your first $5 line up, listen what I'm telling you, your first $5 line up, they going give you $50 and it's more or less over God. Monday night game tomorrow with the Miami Dolphins against the Tennessee Titan, they got Will Leavers to have 194 and a half yards. All you gotta do is put more or less they got Tyler Huney, they have 163 and a half passing yards. All you gotta do is put more or less Gotta let they starting out right now letting you know that neither one of these motherfucking quarterbacks are good. But if you play it right, you can win.


Go over there and download prize pick right now man. Tell them I sent you real talk more, more or less baby we gonna, we gonna have that over and under Over going prize pick. It's more or less baby Justin Fields more definitely pulled the golf. I was at that game. I was at that game brother and I was watching Justin Fields play bro. Like I say the first two quarters they wasn't able to do too much. They couldn't, you know what I'm saying, they was getting dominated but that third and fourth quarter, I can see why Russell Wilson is on that motherfucking bench and that's where he gonna stay. And that's not a bad thing for Russell Hill. A champion. I'm not gonna sit here and down talk. That ain't what I do. That ain't what I do. He's a champion at the end of the day.


Something happened to Justin Field. He could come in and and and and and run the team. But that's Justin Fields's team right now in Pittsburgh. I feel like Mike tumbling has found his quarterback. Big Ben was there drinking gin. I make sure all the women stay away from him because we know how big Ben get when you on that look. He can't control himself. I'm just being honest. He can't control himself. I can because I don't get drunk. I just sip so I can put it in the tip. Come grab your blue shoe nigga get you through.


I'm telling y'all the truth. Y'all talk to me now Flaco. I told y'all Joe F Flaco look like Andrew Luck today Joe Flaco look like Andrew Luck today. Jingo doing his thing up there in Seattle. Y'all been, I know y'all been checking out the WNBA. The ACEs lost to the New York Liberty Day 77 87. They leave that series one Oh right now. Y'all need to check that out. That's gonna be a series right there. You know Aja Wilson, them playing against the New York Liberty.


That's gonna be a series right there man. I'm just so excited. The way that the WNBA has picked up everybody tuning in watching them right now. Mandy women got the spotlight on them BC women be going off and I know what y'all saying Bubba. What is bc? Them bumping coochie. Motherfuckers be going, I don't think them women in wt bumping COEs. They bumping cooch and they business. Ain't nothing wrong with it. Let them bump. I wanna bump with them. I wanna bump with them. Shit I couldn't be on that team coaching on there. A male staff on that team.


They be all jumping up in the huddle. I'm jumping up on them putting this me on. Woo. What's that? My bad. My bad. I got little too close. My bad. I hope one of 'em like when they feel this one inch killer ooh bubble do brush up against me. I feel that one inch Moate my day make my day shit. I ain't bullshit shit. I coach one of them women. I be running through. I I could never be a coach full of women. I be fucking him. I ain't gonna lie to y. I'm gonna be real too shit baby, you wanna start? Come here Sky Diggins, come here Aja Wilson, come on Big Bam.


Can't do you like me. He too tall. He can't put you in these motherfucking moves. I can put you in. I'm being real, real a Wilson. Bam. Can't put you in these motherfucking moves. I can put you in. I can put your ass in the figure. Forehead lock. Big long list. I hold them motherfuckers watch me clown my Everest. I have AJ ass in the trap. I'm not bullshitting. She supposed to be at practice. She dying there with me in the trial. Angela re too, she can get it too. Shit. She think her season over shit. It really will be over me pregnancy.


Come on. Are Angela re pregnant with twins right now? Shit, see people don't really want the women, they just wanna be seen and get the Fame with not me. I'm putting one inches of medium real tall. I re pregnant the first night no condom. She, she, she think she played for LSU. I'm the real motherfucking tiger. Come here. I call her. I like T two. You thick too.


I be all on Ont. I be out on Teia Cooper page. Slobbering at the miles. Come here know you gonna play no more. Shit, I don't play either. Come here. Who is she? Y'all already know what he live man part the show. What we do The hell now. Segment man Live on show. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Hell Y'all already know. You show what we do. But hell now sick me man. I asked y'all something or I say something and I tell y'all hell now too it somebody ask me do I drink any other liquor beside done Julio and the questionnaires.


Hell no. Don't no taste like Don Julio 1942. He does something to me. It's making the her grow on my chair. It making my damn her one grow on my face. It's starting to come in now. She can't tell me nothing. I'm on that Don Julio. I fight everybody in this motherfucker. But it's the miracle. It ain't me. I'm scary. But when I'm on this train, I'll fight everybody. I'll fight Mike Tyson. I feel like I'm the man when I'm on this shit man. I, you know what I'm saying because I ain't never won a fight, man. I'm ing 90 bro. You understand I'm ing 90, but when I'm on this right here, man, that don't mean shit to me about me getting knocked out.


That don't mean nothing to me. How you got knocked out nigga? I'm stage 30 diabetic. I ain't supposed to be winging no fights. I ain't supposed to be him, but I am. You know what I'm saying? I'm him. Yeah. Respect me, respect my mind. Respect my courage. When I'm on this drink. Yeah, when I'm on the drink I put my pistol shit just to scare you. I ain't gonna use it, but I want scare. I'm gonna shoot in the air. Pow, pow pow. So when y'all leave and go tell y'all homeboys or the women leave, they be like Bubba Thug, Bubba th Killer. He shooting in that. Even though I wasn't shooting at nobody, I'm shooting in.


But that's, that's, that's, that's, you know what I'm saying? That's, that's what I'm putting out there for the world to see. That I get down for mine, but I'm really capping, you know what I'm saying? I'm really capping like that. Yeah. Like the whole time y'all seen me talking to the police, y'all thought I was talking shit to the police. I was really just telling the police go on and handcuff me. Put me in the car so I can tell y'all what I want y'all to know and then get down there to jail. Y'all release me. Yeah, I wasn't really talking shit to the police like that. I ain't built like that. I was telling them that's, you know what I'm saying, y'all doing too much man. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do everything y'all want me to do and a little bit more. You know what I'm saying? Hell yeah. You gotta know how to do this shit.


Right. Shout out to everybody that watching my show. You know I love y'all man. I really do. You know I'm rocking with y'all Shit. Well that y'all ain't no me And. we growing this show, growing. I love it. Views growing up, life going up, coming section going up. Y'all stirring this shit. I appreciate it from the bottom of my heart. I really do. Chapo what's up fam? Aaron Flowers. You know I ain't selling no whoop tickets. I telling you the truth Phillip. What a dude, Richard? What a dude. Like I told y'all man this weekend, man coming up Dallas, Texas Sison Texas five shows. Man, grab him tickets man. Go ahead and grab him right now while you on live right now.


Man. Grab him right now man. Pull up. See your boy. I, I'm gonna have a trash merch on deck. Got my boy Eddie Green gonna be in the building. JB Braswell gonna be in the building. Charlie gonna be in the building man. Malo gonna be in the building. I got my whole team gonna be in the building, man. I'm building something man. It ain't all always about me man. It's about us. Yeah, it's about us. It's our time man. And and this is what we doing right now. Pull up on your boy. I took a raven, y'all one. I took a 49 going one for Sures baby. We most definitely fixing sell it guy. So talking about who's selling the gas shit, I got that. This ain't trash. Pull up.


Pull up. Y'all used to got Reggie. I got that real smoke that's going hit your throat. Yeah, Real talk. You know I'm gonna see y'all tomorrow night, Monday night, me and t every Monday night. Me and t gonna be going live. Man, appreciate the love y'all been showing me and t you see I'm rocking the girl. Go and support my homie. TO two Go rock this girl. You see I'm rocking this set right now, man. That's what we gotta do. We gotta big up one another man. I could easily be on here wearing my own shit, but I'm rocking somebody's shit. If I can go out here and buy designer I can wear, I can wear my brothers and my sister shit. Man, y'all got some merch out there. Hey man, get on here and shout it out. I'll give y'all shout outs for free.


That's what I do. Y'all watching my show. That's the least I can do for y'all. Sure y'all, you know we a team. We a motherfucking team. Don't forget that. My cowboy nation, you know we gonna beat them. We gonna beat them stealers this Sunday. And I'm gonna talk about it on stage while I'm up there in Dallas wearing my cowboy. Girl, when you coming to my show and you a dollar fan, I wanna see cowboy jerseys. I want see blue and gray every motherfucking world. I want your hand greasy from rulers chicken. I wanna see the shag haircuts. I want see the big t Jordan. Y'all be motherfucker be wearing claiming they real and you knowing they ain't trash. Pull up. I'm Bubba Dub, that's my time and I'm out.


The Volume High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void, book prohibited, play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino. Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood?


That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now When it comes to travel bags and backpacks, colorful and unique options are hard to come by. Luckily, baboon to the moon has you covered. Baboon to the moon's bags are made for going places near and far, and for making you the brightest star at baggage claim made. With super durable materials in a limited lifetime warranty, your baboon to the moon bag will join you.


For all of life's missed trains, unexpected rain showers, love at first sight and compliments, check them out at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make the world more colorful. Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of the values that you know Minnesotans Have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live, Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy.


Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart. That's greenlight.com/iheart.