
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cashback offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


Yo, this is DJ Wells for Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of us this vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay is for clauses to get filled with statement pieces and vintage funds or must have sneakers wait for you and designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors to open to stacks of the rarest trading cars and a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


The Volume. Yeah, good morning. Good morning everybody. Welcome to the Bubble Dub show. You know how I like to do before I like to even before I even dig into my topic, you know I like for you to go ahead and hit that light button. Go ahead and hit that like button right now. And matter of fact, go ahead and hit the subscribe button while you in it. I know y'all been waiting on me. I've been waiting on y'all. Where you at last night? First I told y'all I'm down here live in San Antonio. I had five shows this weekend. I've been real busy but nevertheless I got my hands up this morning as I'm here to bring y'all a show and I know what y'all want me talk about and I'm don't talk about it.


Them Colorado Buffaloes, do you hear me? Got beat yesterday 36 to 14. Them white boy knocked the taco soup after news. Guess what they did yesterday? Got me all excited before I go to my show I'm gonna chill in my room. I wanna watch the game. I'm disappointed. Let me break down the game to you. And it's simple. Sometimes man people, people sit back and watch Coach Prime them. They watch Travis Little go get the hide when they watch the door do all this and watch Colorado get all this praise and which they deserve because Coach Brown turned down damn whole organization all around over there BY you sitting back in the cut just looking my damn ain't nobody looking at us, ain't nobody talking about us.


We going hit the weight room, we going hit the film room. We going really go out there and give it to them mother because that's what them white boy did. Them white boy look like they was on or shit. Colorado couldn't do nothing. What them boy yesterday and Shado run and Shado running for his motherfucking line. Oh I don't know who they handcuff for. BYU was but they were singing the motherfucking Bliss everywhere. The lane. Every time I look around shit the door was on his motherfucking back running backwards. You supposed to go forward fam, but you was going backwards. Your door was 16 for 23. 280 yards. Two TVs, two interception.


Not a good game by his standard. We done seen put up some motherfucking numbers but you wasn't able to do it yesterday. Different atmosphere. BYU came out ready to play and it show do you hear me in fucking show? Lemme tell y'all something. Colorado had two motherfucking rushing yos. Do you wear me too motherfucking Russian oranges. They ain't gonna get it and they didn't get it. That's why B you BY you beat they mother getting ass yesterday And I'm mad about it. I'm sick. I ain't gonna lie. I wanted come find them to win that I did but BY you wanted it more man they wanted it more.


They were so bold and they were doing the high stuff. They were doing the primetime thing on Colorado and ain't nothing Colorado could do about it so ain't no sense I'm Colorado player. You ain't hurt but hold your head high because you ain't even supposed to be here at the end of the day. Colorado Buffalo wasn't even supposed to be in no ball game. They had kind of coach primed them out a long time ago but they still made it. So at the end of the day the season was a success. Yes it was success. Yes I'm mad. Yes they didn't play what a damn, I get it but looking at the bigger picture, what Coach Brown was able to do? Coach Brown went to Colorado predominantly white ain't number mother white folks up there ain't nothing raise a potato salad up there during the holidays up there.


Y'all know I'm not right And he can change the culture up there in Colorado. He got each and everybody flying in and coming up there to watch this team play. So I wanna say I wanna congratulate Coach Prime on what he done overall, you know so far at Colorado. But we not gonna discourage this motherfucking office. We not gonna discourage this motherfucking office Unshoppable. It's Unshoppable. And I know for him he not gonna be able to coach his sons no more. You know Shiloh gonna be gone. Shado gonna be gone to the NFL going on do better things And you know Travis Hol not gonna be there yesterday.


He had four kids, 106 yards. He's gonna be off in the NFL so you know just gonna be Coach Prime. I gonna Spotlight gonna be just back on Coach Prime now. He won't be on Shado, it won't be on Travis Long. Rightfully so. It beat back on him now. Now the team can just do they thing now because they had a bull's eye on him. Really every game 'cause people were sick and tired of hearing about Coach Brown but Coach Prime them, they deserve that praise man. That man came in and did things nobody else could do. Cor Stewart rolling over this motherfucking grave right now. Real talk call's. All they talk about they got commercials, they got their arms playing right now that come from Coach Browns in the Coach Brown Effect is.


It's, it's wonderful. Look at Mike now. He a head coach now down there Norfolk. He a head coach now Look at the son Jackson. He a head coach now they're looking at the coach prime effect and what he's been able to do now they wanna go out and get these, these celebrity, not celebrity but these these star players as as as coaches now they come from Coach Prime va But don't think, I don't and I'm just going to give them slack just because I'm cool with Coach Bryan. That don't mean a damn they didn't get the job doing yesterday. The state wasn't well of doing yesterday. It was still pink in the middle. And those motherfucking white boys we all know they love they steak with a little pink in the middle.


Tell me I'm not go I eat with them white folk. They ain't getting no way or done steaks. That shit pink them motherfucker and real niggas don't eat that pink ass steak. We won't our shit where done. I'm just giving y'all facts today of what I seen yesterday look like the team they like they were just happy to be here. BYU wasn't BYU knew from the from the, from their very first kickout they was going to keep Colorado ass and guess what they did And it hurt looking at it. I ain't going to lie man it it hurt it it motherfucking hurt And you know them white boys they they on another level right now and I told y'all that like they come from this dude room and they come from Trump.


Trump got these motherfucking like folks good with swag again six, eight months, six to eight months ago you can walk into a bank. Even if you had good credit they wouldn't give you a me me doctor walk into the motherfucking range now what a five 80 or 600 Them white folks Janet did not checks. How I know 'cause I just got 15 bands last week. Tell you the truth. BYU was not bullshitting with Colorado Real talk. And man it hurts and I don't wanna keep going on about it because we moving on to the new year but I want to give credit and I don't want take nothing away from BYU.


Y'all did y'all thing, y'all played a great game. Y'all had offense sc every position you defense played great, you hear them and the rushing yards are two yard you hear Travis hung only four catches 106 yards. I gotta give credit. What credit do y'all I can't be on my show being by you 'cause I'm cool with these guys. Yeah it's cool but I got a motherfucking job to do and BYU y'all did y damn thing but before you hat us they jumping on you right now. I told y'all y'all trash no Colorado not trash. They play like trash yesterday but they are not trash. They far from trash Coach Prime and the Colorado buffalo they will be okay next year. I guarantee you that them people they going to, they gonna draft the right players and the players they gonna drop jump in that pool.


God Colorado going to kill I promise that now moving on from that game. Now I gonna talk about the game of the day yesterday for me The Broncos in damn Ingles. That damn bo Nick was getting off then Pay owe your apology boy you got them damn Bronco phone him but that damn but that damn Joe Burrow is him Joe Burrow right now. And I know the mark putting up all college his story numbers but right now pound for pound we talking about quarterback Joe Burrow is the best quarterback in the motherfucking league And if he had a defense and if he had a defense his team will be already in the playoffs.


They in the hunt but they be already in the playoffs right now. Joe Burrow had old 400 so tho yards again yo today. Gimme your more chase and he can, I'm talking about balling too. That's the way a quarterback supposed to run a motherfucking team that Brico, that's the way you throw the ball. I'm gonna hand nigga off a couple times and after that get out the got damn way. I'm Finn let the arrow out the ball and that's what Joe Burrow doing. I mean the boy getting hit as he throwing that motherfucker, he ain't right. Do you hear me? The boy ain't flinching as he throwing the ball he get hit in his real head and he ain't phasing him.


Man I'm gonna tell y'all something man. I've been watching football a long time. I done seen some great quarterbacks from the Tom Bradys to the to the Peyton Mangans to the EBT card ass Brett FI done seen a lot of good quarterbacks bro. But when I tell you Joe Burrow is him, Joe Burrow is him. If I'm Cincinnati Bengals I don't know who running that team. I-I-I-I-I don't know who running the roster part of that but y'all need to go out and get y'all a defense. Let me say this right now 'cause I've been real critical to the Bengals defense this year when we all have but yesterday y'all gotta stop when y'all was supposed to get a stop and that's all you have to do is sometime get a stop when you need to give a motherfucking stop at the end of the day.


I seen Joe Burrow throw a ball in the end zone to Jamar Chase and he dropped it. Did they stop him from going right back to him? Hell no. Sometime our team that we, whoever we go for we'll throw a ball to a receiver, he drop it and they don't look his way no more. That ain't what you supposed to do. You supposed to go right back to that motherfucker. You dropped that one but you better not drop no more. I seen your way and Bengals. Y'all better pay Jamar Chase. Like I said you're not gonna be able to pay him and Higgins, which you better go ahead and pay Jamar Chase Higgins. You going to lose him to somebody. Somebody gonna pay him big money and he worth it now. Cincinnati Bengals kick them. You need your motherfucking ass whoop off from missing that 30 33 yard field goal that would've ended the game earlier but you didn't.


Can you imagine driving down the field just, just didn't first down got the first down and all we gotta do now is just kick the field goal ball game over and this motherfucker up door warming up, kicking his leg running out there. It's all good. I do this shit in my sleep. Yeah miss the motherfucking field goal. Now if the Cincinnati Bingos would've lost they wouldn't even be in the playoff hunt right now. They would be, they would be done but they end up winning Broncos. I think all the Broncos Broncos in it. I think they in it right now or they just gotta win one more game. But I'm not mistaken I think the Broncos is they they okay. I think they control their own destiny pretty much.


They just gotta win. But from what I'm seeing from Bo Nick 'cause I was real critical early on from Bo Nick 'cause he was having games when he was having 135 yard passing. What goddamn quarterback having 135 yard passing besides my good friend up there in Indianapolis Anthony Richardson. I'm just, I'm just being real. Ain't no quarterback is supposed to have a hundred thirty five one fifty yard motherfucking passing just ain enough fail it's a passing lead and if you ain't got over 200 yard passing the game that's a problem. But that's what Bo Nicks was doing but the Bronco defense was handling bigness and I just wanna say I'm not gonna support Peyton but what you've been able to do with the Denver Broncos this season, it's marvelous.


I like it. I can see why they say you a quarterback coach but the things you did with Drew Brees, I'm starting to see that now. What you do with both Nick now yesterday he make a terrible decision in the end to throw that ball 'cause sometimes he quarterback feel like I got a strong arm I can get that ball there before that defender get there. But these NFL players you gotta realize these this motherfucking athletes big boys 6 2 2 60 run 4 5 4 6 40. They can god damnit they can cover ground like a motherfucking chee. Do you ever no motherfucker be jumping out that dip dip that cheat will be 200 yards away. He just, he he ain't even running yet. He just getting a little bit closer.


Little bit closer when that motherfucker, if something in that Chile brain when they get in that rain come here I guess come coming to get you. That's what they doing. Ain't no difference When you take that motherfucking under pack and you jump in the bed she rubbing on you. You just chilling right now 'cause you know you gotta buy 15 minutes for that motherfucker kick and when that motherfucker kick in it's off. Keys better be in up here because this motherfucker finger stand up like the statue of empty then we gonna do what we supposed to do. So go and put your motherfucker women come home, they gonna be in they phone that goddamn damn phone put that motherfucker on silent.


Gimme what I I'm single charge. Gimme what Patriot got blew out by a motherfucking charger. Jim Harbo ran Jim Harbaugh rang his ass from Michigan 'cause you know he was in trouble rang his ass down to the NFL now he doing his mothering name Justin Herbert you ain't gonna play out lie. Everybody wants claim you and me. Well God damnit show it in the playoffs. You know you white boy y'all I love Push Herbert all about Justin Herbert. What about it This the year now in the playoffs Make a name for yourself don't sure playing TV Me he ain't got this and that. He our man to bad Bill tha won two rings.


He ain't had the best team. He had a good defense side. The defense Michael Strahan no more. But he ain't had best receivers in the world over there. No he didn't. And Eli man done got the motherfucking job done getting Justin her but get LA Chargers to the Super Bowl. Him and John Harbaugh, that's all I'm seeing. Jim Harbaugh and Kaepernick with the 49 ERs went to the motherfucking Super Bowl they lost against his brother and Ray Lewis Motherfuckering during Atlas Ray having that but they still got there. This the time now where you gotta make a knife for yourself but nobody when that people just Justin heard. Okay Justin Herbert. Okay you don't want that People mention Justin Herbert you want to mention that motherfucker right there as a ball.


He's a gamer and the verdict is still out on him right now. Beat the shit out the Patriot rob a crowd. I'm sorry for your fam you need to go back down there to the massage polling down in Miami and and get some more holes to rub on you 'cause your team ain't worth a damn. I appreciate you for hiring Gerard Mayo Black man I love it. Oh you bet not fire him. You definitely better be back there next year. I know that 'cause they ain't got nothing up there in New England and I don't feel like nobody really wanna go up there and play in New England either. So at the end of the day getting the draft maybe you can get you some free agents to come up there. I don't know but I'm just gonna give a shout out to Jim Harbaugh but he's been able to do in this first year with the lrs got them boys in the playoffs.


Can they make any noise first round? I don't know who they'll be playing. Will it be the Texans if they play the Texans they can damn so beat the Texans. I'm not gonna lie if they play the Steelers they damn so can beat the Steelers. I know that. But if they got the Ravens, if they got them bag add bills you happy because then the top three team chiefs Bills Ravens, that's who coming out the a CI charged. I don't see nobody else coming out the a c but them three teams and the way Lamar and them looked the other day way Lamar them looked the other day shit they might be going and I know and I know Pat Mahomes over there y'all I'm I'm I'm still giving them the benefit of the doubt because they are the defending champs.


I'll never get on her and be like man if Ken she I'll be lying me by. That's something I don't do on the bubble dub show. I'm gonna keep it 100. You might not like what I'm saying but it's the truth. I got the chiefs number one got the bills number two, how can you help his number two? They ain't never won Super Bowl. Shut up. It's a different year. Three rappers. I we gonna switch over to the NFC Cowboys playing today. Playing the Eagles. I think they playing Tre land. It don't matter damn cowboys us. We ain't going no motherfucking well but if we lose I won't be mad at them motherfucker. Why? Because the Eagles got kicking kick get playing quarterback. We ought to have seven motherfucking sacks on Kenny. We ought to have seven motherfucking sacks on Finnie on Kenny, that's all Kenny give your ass him.


Let me say this and I'm not a hell and I want to see certain things I want see Sayquan Barkley get that record. I really do. I want see say Co Barkley get that Russian record real talk so he can run for 300 yards a day on the Cowboys. I wouldn't give a damn long as the cowboy win. I don't give a damn because I'm telling y'all right the day if the Dallas cowboy win I'm talking shit. Oh mother we got a chance to win. Hers ain't playing her still got damn ain a corner well still asleep. They saying her saying he came outta his house since that motherfucking concussion and concussions is real y'all I'm for the young men that's playing this game that's not in the NFL yet.


It's in high school. This a violent game. This is a violent game y'all and I don't think y'all really understand CTE. This shit is real and I get it, you know what you signed up for. I get it. That's why I gotta get paid the big bucks. But they don't get paid the big bucks like they should for what they put they body through. You got 6, 7, 6 8 men linemen running down the field in 185 yard hitting 185 pounds cornerbacks. You think that shit feel good? No it don't.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days new finance device qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. We've partnered with them to make this holiday season even better with all the shopping, gifting and holiday prep. My PayPal debit card is my go-to for getting more outta my purchases. Here's how it works. I choose my monthly category, gas, restaurants, apparel, groceries, health and beauty or just for the holiday season tech and I earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand bucks in the purchases in those categories. Yeah, 5% cash back this month I'm gonna go with tech. It's my category. It's a no brainer, right? Everybody loves the latest tech gives. So whether it's stuff for the fam or adding new gadgets to my personal collection that cash back adds up fast. So this holiday season, let the PayPal debit card do the heavy lifting sign up for the card when you download the PayPal app then pay in store and online and get cash back with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease and because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air intakes, exhaust systems and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. Seriously you had one job. Now the closest you'll get to the 50 yard line is parking lot. D Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates Northbrook, Illinois.


Your brain is a terrible thing to lose man. So with that being said, parents putting your kid in football, you're putting them at risk. Understand you putting your kids at risk. Understand that number one, if I had a son I probably put 'em in basketball and baseball probably wouldn't put my son in football but then again I probably would because we all love football man. But football is a dangerous sport. So any parents out there that got your kids in football and they constantly getting their head in the head watching 'cause it can't affect them from years now And your son acting out and acting like Ray JI don't give a damn what y'all say?


Ray J got CTE. That motherfucker running around here talking about he going expose this and that motherfucker like he on this shit. Ray J like you on that motherfucking shit. Randy come your your motherfucking brother. Look Ray one wish happen as y'all better keep an eye on that boy. Man I don't know what's going on up there in LA but these people man that we done grew up and watched over the years. These motherfuckers are weird. Look at Orlando O'Brien. Look at Orlando O'Brien. I don't know what the hell going on now we got breaking news D Logan been traded to god damn net about mother to town.


We done got ready now who we get because I know we ain't get Jimmy Jimmy up. Who we bringing to LA Is it Biggie, is it J? No we don't want JZ in LA right now. You keep your hot ass where you at Em done more. I said Brian keep your ass where you at But how y'all feeling today is Sunday man got some football. They had some football yesterday, got some football again today they Sunday. Man we are talk breaking though. The Angelo Russell God damnit God love it God damnit I love it. I don't know what's going on in this show y'all keep fucking with the goddamn sign, leave the shit alone. You're going from one thing to one another. Get that shit off of there.


Goddamn damn the hell y'all doing today man


You watching this show, it being presented by prize picks going download the number one sports fan app right now. Scan that right there at bar card scan it. Put that program on. Put that code in right there. Trans 52 Hs man. Yeah you put $5 in they gonna give you $50 estimate. You should do it right now. Matter of fact put your picks in right now so you can win you some money. When I get off this live I gotta put my picks in. I forgot to put my picks in. I've been so tired up with these comedy shows and stuff man. I'm behind on my stuff right now if you can't watch this show today. Damn. So can listen to it man On Apple podcast and Spotify go and download it. Don't just watch download it. We need the downloads right now man.


And I don't know what's going on with the internet with with the algorithm around room but I like some old woman picture on the skit and all of a sudden I've been seeing number cucks on my damn timeline the algorithm changed. I don't want see the old ass women on my timeline man. I like one motherfucking picture now there's a bunch of grandmas on my shit and I know I ain't the only one I know what's going on to y'all man. You can't click on nothing no more. 'cause if you do from now out that's all you going to see means these old ass people man ain't got nothing against old ass people but I don't wanna see some young hos on this motherfucker. Shit ass shaking and all that. I don't wanna see you grandmas and grandma pans and shit. Them ho no cooking for kpi.


That ain't what I'm looking for. That ain't what I'm looking for. Mark Zuck the bird. You gotta get your shit together fam. You gotta get your shit together. And one thing I like about what's going on right now is like let's content creators who've been making money on social media now you getting older people on there now like the grandmas and the grandpas they making money now. Hey and I ain't no hater. I love to see it because when we was doing it y'all was against it. Y'all are doing anything. Listen man now y'all doing the same motherfucking thing hypocrite as you doing the same mothering thing now all of a sudden now all you see now is women on there and thos and just smiling and shaking ass.


They ain't doing nothing. They ain't got no talent. Only thing they doing is shaking ass and wonder why your good dollars grow up to be hoes 'cause that's what you are. You show 'em you you ain't teaching these kids nothing but how to sell that piece. Tell me I'm lying fellas. And we love to look at the shit but it's our fault too. We gonna really love it. Let's oh my god man damn you fine man damn we need you. I tell you something real women don't have to get online and show their body do you hear me? A real woman can get on there and wear a regular clothes and just be beautiful. Just the way she's, I don't want no woman that's gonna be online showing her ass, showing her titties, showing her coochie print.


I don't want damn, I want y'all ain't want that but I don't want get at all what I want. I don't want nobody here getting, I don't want nobody here seeing now these days you dating somebody these days pretty much they on the internet they showing that cooch and they think it's cute. They think it's funny. They think it real women don't do that. What happened to the big mamas man? The real women, real women back in the day big mama grandpa go out have six, seven kids on grandma and grandma don't leave them these women these days they leave your ab behind a motherfucking woman, these women to leave your ab by liking another woman picture. Do you hear me? Oh you like that whole picture? Y'all must be fucking what?


She like my shit. I'm like her. She ain't nothing. You, you not Y'all know I ain't lying. Let your girl see you liking another woman picture. Watch how she Yeah but they can go and click on us or cherry feeding ash all motherfucking day they going think that's a problem but soon we click on a big fire motherfucking chick from Columbia no good as they got a problem. Now we need to put this phone down and ain't phone getting in the way? No God you wanna keep looking at us and Chris Brown. God damnit I gonna keep looking at these hoes too. I gonna stop what I'm doing over here. My girl gonna hit me up. Hey Bubba, you think we should switch phones for a day?


Hell I don't nothing in your mother phone. Ain't nothing in your phone. I want, ain't nothing in your phone I want see I done seen you some shit in your phone before and I don't wanna see you again therefore I don't want switch phones with you. It come time coming up. You think you can help me get a car? Hey yo phone you been getting around. That's how you gonna continue to get around. I'm not buying you no motherfucking car. You women got some nerd that ask your man to buy you a car to your daddy in when your grandma, when your with your grand ain't got no car, you the car.


You giving me some of these greasy as monkey. I ain't supposed to buy you a car. I be damn you better over if you girl ain't got no car kick it that way. That means she can't pull up on your As when you go off. Damn right. Not buying no motherfucking car. I buy her for my kids that. See I ain't buying no other grown person, no motherfucker car. I buy my key. I got two girls nine six and they get 1415 Lord let me let her see it and they won. They gonna hell well they want you give them point A or point B for me buying my drugs. I be damn I'm buying no mother car. Buy you a school.


I buy you a motherfucker school and let your school you go get charge that motherfucker up to keep it charged and $400 I go down and get you school before me going on that parking lot and pulling off or something. Shit. I bet not. And y'all bet not either. How many women buying y'all car? I said a lot of times I ain't that me and my girl bought me a car nigga it's your money. It's your motherfucking money but you want fool us and make us feel like she didn't bought you a car. Man stop it. I remember sitting that shit with Moneybag and Rie that time she bought me some land. Bam. We your motherfucking money about you no motherfucking land. Women don't even think like that. Bam. But y'all be all them bitch and believe nigga I need me a woman like that man.


That's what I'm talking about. That shit FI better open y'all out That's alive outside this internet y'all. It's a life outside that internet I guarantee you. Damn. I promise you shout I to the people that been popping up all weekend to my comedy show down here in San Antonio, Texas. We been having a, oh yeah my good Mexican friends goddamnit they been showing up Boost with the Spurs. You goddamn right Mexican mother pulling up and my name Seen your do down here too. They'll call me do down sit in your what's what do how you do man. Last show at night at six 30 and if you down here still in the city to my last show tonight at six 30 at the improv, go and grab them tickets man and come see me and my team 'cause we getting off.


I'm putting on a motherfucking shoulder out here and to the people who ain't never seen me perform you missing a tree. I promise you I I promise you you missing a tree. I'm here. I'm giving it to you from the start till the end till the real lies stories and they funny them motherfucker might be going through some shit come my show. I get that shit off your mind. Do you hear me? I get that shit off your mind. I promise you I will do. I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm gonna tell you the truth might not want but call tell you ass the is something on is something more y'all be thanking God that your ass alive right now because she could have called your ass home but it didn't if you just not tuning into this show.


I already done talked about Colorado. I've been crying all motherfuckering night. But the Bible say that may be crying all night maybe morning all night in the morning doing you know we upset about Colorado losing but guess what, it ain't the end of the motherfucking world either. It's all the way next year. Same with the cowboy. We ain't going nowhere. We gonna be right on the sideline where everybody else team who ain't going to play our this postseason. Guess what? It's okay. It's always a new hill. I talked to a guy yesterday Doug man I don't think it's Jerry Jones. I just looked at him. The fuck you mean You gonna think it's Jerry Johnson. We ain't been to the playoffs in 30 motherfucking years. Who is it?


Who is it The last best coach? Best coach we had with Jimmy Johnson. Jerry ran him out, brought in Barry Swifter, he won but that was Jimmy team and you ain't done nothing else ever since. So who's the problem? The players or Jimmy? I mean players are Jerry and I get Jerry, John do I can get get good players but he gonna go out and get the players when we really need them and when they're available. We coulda got big back Derrick Henry this year. Did we get it? We could have drafted Jamar Chase did we get hell out? We could have drafted the quarterbacks. Did we get him? Hell no. So the problem with the Cowboys is Jerry Jones playing it simple.


He do shit his way. And I understand this, your team, you can do whatever you wanna do with Jerry but that's why we ain't winning no Super Bowl. That's why we ain't been back because of Jerry only supposed to cook the chick, put the right people on the team and get out the motherfucking way. That's all you supposed to do. Jerry not doing that. He writing the check in, going down there on the field talking to the players and and and asking them do this. Do you like Mike McCarney or do you don't like Mike McCarty or this and that? No you gotta stay out the way. Let a coach coach at the end of the day you got to let a coach. Coach and I seen that the Sacramento Kings just fire Mike Brown. Get your ass slip out here, you got Rose on your team box Oles on your team Mark and your under the motherfucking achiever.


Bye. They done brought in Doug, Jackie Christie on the team. Ah he got goddamn interim head coach. Yeah Little Christie. Y'all know who Doug Christie is used to play with Mike Bigley. Yeah I did by them Bulls on that team. There's all likers now by the way. And Chris Weber, that team was supposed to beat the Lakers but we already know the game is rigged. I don't care if y'all want to hear this shit or not. It's real. Talk to NBA Rigg, the NFL all this shit Rigg. This shit is make believe it's intertainment all at end day's all about that people. It's all about that motherfucking people and shit.


They control what we see when Kaepernick was kneeling. Oh man we ain't watching football no more. Shit. Y'all was stagger to me knee watching. I know I was. That was most of the white folks. I ain't watching because they kneeling when you had our own veterans. So saying they didn't feel disrespected by what Kaepernick was doing but you had people still complaining about standing for the flag and that national anthem is what Racist do you emit the anthem? Oh we'll take a few parts out of it but it's still racist. Huh?


A fisting from his head all the way down. Do I gotta keep preaching y'all this shit do. I gotta keep preaching y'all this shit each and every day man I'm telling y'all some real live shit that's going on in front of our very eyes man. Yes I know this shit red but am I gonna stop watching? Hell no. I love watching football. I love watching basketball. The baseball and hockey. I love it. Rigg yo. They got money on this shit and so do I. Shit. Gonna say don't little one goddamn put money on the go. I'm putting money on the game. You should be putting money on these damn gang too. Stop getting too invested in this shit.


I get it. You got a team, you, you a Raiders fan, you love a Raiders you'll never root for now another team. I get it but when the last time the Raiders been to the Super Bowl and last time I checked every Super Bowl that happened, you motherfuckers tune in and watch it but y'all won't get mad at me 'cause I like Buffalo too motherfucker. I can like whip I want like nah whole you cowboy fan. Never mad at me for putting on that Buffalo girl. Every year you motherfuckers watch the Super Bowl. Don't you Damn me on mine Mind why you watching another team? Why I tell you why?


'cause it's inter same way Beyonce was down there shaking that ass last week and Godda h time. That was the best thing going on Christmas. Beyonce down there shaking neck ass. I love you Queen beehive god dammit. JC made sure Beyonce ass performed in that motherfucking but you couldn't make sure God damn Lil Wayne God do nothing New Orleans though. That's the shit I'm talking about. We know kids are going do his motherfucking thing down in New Orleans. It could have had a a split God Kendrick do 15 minutes and God wa in 15 minutes. Everybody would've been satisfied preaching today. They don't wanna hear that though.


I'm dumb. I didn't think about that. Yeah, yo Kendrick Cook came out there 15 minutes because he a man right now and then like damn little Wayne Bird man Fred Hot boys could closed a goddamn so Master P could have came out there too nine. Nah and coulda had burger on the goddamn on the goddamn chop tron from jail, God eating. So let the rains go up then I bet the motherfucker raid go up then I can put a Super Bowl shoulder killer for you. It'll be one fucking age too. It'll be one fucking age too. We'll talk trash other day going to the goddamn Colorado Buffalo friends, people throw in from everywhere.


Come down here and watch Coach Brown do they motherfucking thing. No people left halftime. Do you have Don folks have time? I know Coach Prime Hot. I know he got Guy and he ain't gonna let too much get to him. Yeah, I know he disappointed. He real disappointed but he also know he, he still got more work to do and I know Coach Prime gonna put the work in and make sure it be done. But they play like trash yesterday and I don't like it. I don't like you my motherfucking pit. Thank y'all for tuning in today to the Bubble Dub show. Don't worry, I'm going live. Lay on tonight about the Eagles in the cap. Don't worry, God damnit after my show. 'cause my show earlier today at six 30. So best leave tonight. I'm gonna go live again.


You motherfucker be Gate. Hey, your notifications are gonna be going live. Peace of love out The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in the world are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. BG W Group, no purchase necessary board web prohibited by law C, terms and conditions.


Hey, there's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again, podcast life. Short talk fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner heartwarming moments in awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelai Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters, whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.