
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts. My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22.


It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council. The Volume. What's up y'all? What y'all what's up man? I ain't in the good mood right now man. I'm not in the good mood as y'all could see. I was doing what I was supposed to be doing. That's why I don't like all this fancy equipment and all this stuff man me.


Them white boys were watching me Do what I do man. Hit the like button man. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button man. Now I want a cigarette. I wanna apologize for that situation that just happened. It's going to continue to happen. I'm letting you know that right now. It's gonna continue. I'm gonna keep getting my love gonna be on a slippery slope. Come on Thursday. Night Football Jet Patriots being excited all day for some football trash.


That's what the Patriots is. Robert Kraft need to go back to another spy. Jacoby Brisket never. I know his name Brisket but I'm calling him Jacoby Brisket. That ain't it. That ain't the New England the average. The average Hernandez ever riding around doing Drive-bys for that. Ain't the Patriot team right there. He was doing that for? I don't know who that team is up there in New England. Jerard Mayo. First time head coach. I'm rooting for you but you got to find you some offensive lineman fan. Five Sacks Tonight gets the Jets and I know the Jets got a good defensive end but hell they were rushing three.


Three against five and three will still win. That ain't gonna get it. That ain't gonna get it. Now we gonna sit around all for the last two and a half hours and wasted time. I just got, I just wanna say this right here tonight. Hear me out. NFL The Browns, the Patriots, the Giants and the Panthers. They need to be playing on BET plus they taking up too much damn our time on Amazon Prime play no motherfucker behind on Tyler Perry series. Nobody wanna watch no damn Patriots. Don't nobody wanna watch no Brown. Don't mother watch no giant and don't nobody wanna watch them damn Panthers either.


They ain't worth watching. What a damn And. if you watching my show and you a Giants fan and you a Patriot fan and you all them team like guess name find you a new damn team, you gonna deserve this shit. Got Aaron Rogers looking like he Pat Mahomes again and he's not. He's he's okay but he's not Patrick Mahome. That's how the Patriots made Aaron look tonight and I know y'all seen Aaron Roger coach wanna go over there and give him a hug. Hey Rod say never get your motherfucking hands up off me. This game ain't over yet. That's your problem. Roger say you want, you wanna celebrate too. You can't be doing that.


That's the problem some you men, you take these women and soon the day over you think you get some cat. Never. These women say you niggas have got date them again. They Don give a damn how much money you got. How many call how these women don't give a damn about that. They be y'all. Why? Like, like that? No sir. I'm taking studs on dates. Come here, take my stu to the rodeo. See she wearing her boots. I'm wearing my boots. She wearing her belt buckle. I'm wearing my belt buckle. She got ways. I got ways. Come on we matching. We come, me and my stu come here twin.


Now y'all talk to me about this old bullshit game that I had to sit down and do notes on and watch because I I I don't like all that. I feel like I wasted two hours of my life watching that bullshit. Talk to me tonight y'all come on. Y'all come on in here. It's Thursday night y'all ain't got nothing to do. Some of you gonna do nothing. Some of y'all don't even work anyway at the house all day. Bored lying man I'm tired. You tired from sitting on your ass. Get your ass on and work. That's hardwork people go out here and work every day. Work hard for our money then when we, when we get home and get relaxed people want to call. Hey big homie you got $50. Hell you better call that damn loan company down there and get you 50 up.


I'm not giving you nothing. We need help around here. Too much shit going on y'all. Let's talk about what's going on And. we gotta start it off with done got caught with Thousand. Yeah I wanna see P digger slip his ass out of this situation. I wanna see it right here Diddy. What you got the baby all for? Oh I know then I know y'all seen, I know y'all seen what him and his team wrote up to the judge. Sweet Judge if you'll just let me go back home. I promise you I won't have no women around And the judge told him son, that's the problem.


It ain't the women, it's the niggas for me. Come here Diddy listen to you. I like the way when you're scrambling Daggy. Yeah Scratching and cr nigga what grown man talk like that scrambling and crawling that that's fair. That seem like somebody trying to get away. See he was letting us know then he was a predator And now don't get me started. I ain't heard of just damn my brother Harvey Weinstein made him roll over and in shit in his cell too. Anybody that doing anything sexual allegedly a domestic violence went may ain't resting shit. But we talking about brotherly love right now. Somebody that I grew up to somebody else, God damn Harlem shaking to dig man.


Diggy was that guy that's don't sit up here and just knock him 'cause he's doing going through digging. Used to be that guy bad boy come out and play. That's what he was doing to them men and them big ass mansions up there. That's what he was doing. Haggett dark there a motherfucker in there room show dark. God couldn't bring light to it. I'm telling you the truth for day ladies and gentlemen did he been doing he acts the last 30 years. Biggie up there smiling like a motherfucker. Sky is the lemon and you know that you should on and keep on pressing on. Hey that's what Biggie down there, right up there right now screaming.


Him and Pac Diggy been getting away with with with with this kind of behavior for years. And we enabled it man that did it man Entrepreneur almost a big now man did it and dig everything. He sold half air with women and men too. Took these men Virginia did. I dare you allegedly do anything did it. I take you out my platelet fam and that's that's already diabolical that I had you in my music playlist. That's diabolical of me but I did. I had you in there now. That's a damn shame.


What the hell you doing all that lu Now I ain't saying all that lube is is a crime is not a crime to have all that. But what you doing all that mother Lou fa all the deal do I say deal do prices don't ring up up there in la Them up there say you were keeping them DDoS in business. I bet that room stink like a motherfucker. That room my ass in block a mile. Come here dig. Now you gonna tell that judge you won't have no women around. Come on fam. You don't want no women Suge. We're not rolling over this motherfucking cell right now man.


Looking at the allegations p diggy guy. Y'all talk to me. I'm gonna need some help with the allegations. I ain't know you can go to jail for being a freak. I ain't know that part 69. You a freaky nine. You man Ddy a 69. God I'm telling y'all the truth. Ddy oughta be shame of his damn self. Y'all and anybody else that was up there in them freak off. I wanna know who he going tell on motherfuckers already stepping down Kevin lives come on all of a sudden not the blue. You wanna step down? Mm you can't rule don't you run from this.


It's gonna be plenty more people fall to and I can't wait. I can't sit back and wait till these names come out. There's gonna be some big names too that was in there in them room. Spooning digging them was spooning in the rooms nigga you supposed to be making hits. You making hits. All right. I don't men, I don't like it. I'm I'm I I I'm hurt. I'm sad from what I done heard 'cause he's still innocent to prove gifts. But I'm hurt by these allegations by our brother son. Man lost his weight. Y'all see all them damn bottles baby. All he had in that mother that means so was going down every night.


Somebody was getting pleasure every night with the love. See but did people come out? Don't be surprised when you hear these names either. Don't be surprised when you hear these names either. I'm letting you know that. Right. Damn now well all my just fans y'all come over here and let's talk about it. Let me hear what y'all got to say. Y'all on track going to the Super Bowl. I know that. What you just fans figure say but I'm here to tell you right now. You a damn lie. That's fools. Those what I seen tonight. Yeah every Roger doing everything good. It is. You know we went through his progression made the ro that's just the Patriots. Robert Kraft don't even know that damn team no more.


Tom Brady don't even know that team. No damn mo. That's the team. The fact that Bill Belichick left, he come back, he ain't wanna put up a fight and he left for a motherfucking reason. He knew it wasn't up there in New England Power Billy you running right here crying folks. Let it go. Let it go. You bigger than that power period. PS I'm just, I'm just ready to talk. Let's talk now. Y'all won't talk sport damnit. We gonna talk sport.


Anything else y'all want talk, let's talk about it. I'm just telling y'all what I, the way I see things and how I'm feeling right now. I can't sleep at night. I still ain't be able to sleep but I with the saints done to the damn cowboy. I ain't slept. I ain't gonna lie to you now. I ain't had no rest. Just not taking my phone. I do not disturb it earlier. You know I was trying to get me a little, I was getting me a little big in 'cause I've been stressed. I had to get that off me. Don't have no stress. You got stress, you release it. I Don care if your girl let the at work you tell her you get your mother get ass to this house quick. That's what I do. I got a one inch killer when that motherfucker get hard he only stay hard for a certain amount of time and when he hard he a motherfucking killer.


I'm talking about a one inch constructed. She ain't got to pull him all the way down 'cause I'm so small you don't even know I'm in when I'm in. Come here. She ain't moaning no way. But guess what? My force against her neck against that wall. Pow pow bow pow pow knocking herself out with consent. Yeah I'm knocking her out with consent. Straight concussion. When you sleep with do Camille not from the meat from the force. I'm pushing you through the wall. I had you whole sign a waiver sign this waiver. It's gonna get a little physical, high physical shit. UC physical. You damn right. You come up in here, you gonna walk in but you gonna limp back like Murphy said you gonna walk in here but you gonna limp back.


You gonna get back in the car, you gonna call home you girl, you all right? What's wrong with you? He put it down like there. He must got a bickle. He gets strong and physical. That little short strong motherfucker. He must have, he must have been in wrestling in school. Yeah, I walk come straight hit off can can him. Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true.


That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying is George going to jail? What's going on?


And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Listen to Trendz Zone on the iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast. My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19, I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Gee you might not get pleasure but I am. I don't give a damn about you getting your oil. I'm gonna get mine. It's hard to find a woman. Take a one inch pens so when I do find one shit I'm going out the with her lead up with her pillow talking with her telling all my secret, all my homeboy secret and all they homeboy. I'm telling everything with these hoes. I'm laying, I'm pillow talking shit. She soon as she tell me, soon as she tell me I made her feel good, that's when I start talking the most. Come here. I make you feel good baby. Yes you did bro. Man I, I don't even supposed to be telling you this shit.


My partner just robbed a bank and shit man. Got the money over his baby mama crib right now. I gotta buy 300 Gs yo ho. Get to talking to me. I get to talking back and I can't help it come here. I love, I love a 3.5 hoe two but you let's smoke a 3.5 be I roll that motherfucker up real talk. She playing with my beard 'cause I like women who got her on their chin. She playing with the little hair under my chin and I'm playing with the her under her chin come shit. What kind of shaving cream you be yours? She had me. I tell her shit we sha together, we twins. Shit think about them stu.


You ain't gotta rap out her getting up and try to go get no kids and all them. Mm them kids with they fathers that lay me all night. Shit. We even go to Whataburger after six too. Come here, lemme get that number one with cheese. Get what you want baby. Got it. Get what you want. Get the big large so everybody know who go to Whataburger. No you them sold about this big come here only get full again because round two is coming and damnit I'm going for a knockout. Shit. Th passion up in him. Hey definitely gotta peel them boxes off. I'm not bullshitting you with my teeth.


Ooh you a freak or be? I'm a 69. I'm on 69. God I better start living y'all lives. Y'all too little tight y'all so y'all are away complaining about this. Stop all that and do your do. See I'm thinking about taking me a stu to my family reunion. Shit I'm gonna give her a shirt and everything baby. We family now. Everybody gonna think you a homie and not and not shit. You with me riding around my stu all day and he leaks. Come here.


Yep come here. Y'all call her Lee Lee but her name is Liesel. Come here. Come here. You can't hang out with the bro. Mm And I pull up. I'm jealous. I call all on everybody in this motherfucker. Y'all ain't doing selling dope any motherfucking way. Why you hanging out at the trap all day? Come hang out with me. Shit, I'm jealous. I'm I'm telling the two you give me some we together you gimme some care. We together. Shit ain't all that we be fucking no mind we together. I'm telling every, I'm telling every soul. I know Especially on that ride back. But you ain't, you can't believe who I just knocked down.


I'm calling everybody your friend, your cousin jumping in they DM showing them screenshots and everything. Shit. Not my lady, she's not my Lisa. I thought she was strictly girl never she with your boy. Now I'm telling y'all the truth now these are my confessions. Don't y'all go back and tell my secrets What I be doing? I get that baby oil dig. You ain't got shit on me when I got my stool. I get that baby oil. I oil up. Come that one inch slide in with no problem. I ain't lying. She said what? Hold put it in any hole you want it baby just put it in now.


Put it in it hole you want it in. Just put it in now. Now like I told y'all, I ain't had no damn sleep since we got beat by the Saints now we got the damn ravens. I feel like I'm cursed y'all. I feel like I'm cursed at the cowboy got the Ravens this week. The Ravens on too. Lamar Jackson is looking for their first win of the season. I don't know man. It's like man I feel like, I feel like the universe playing with me right now. Like I really do. Like when it's time for us to win we lose man and that shit, that shit bother me mentally though.


Huh? You talking to me like that? No you know what I'm saying. See I be talking to myself. I don't really be like Huh? What you say to me? Huh? Like I don't know and I had a vision that I went to a cowboy game and I rang on the field and I put them motherfucking hands on deck right there in the 50 yard line blow for I'm giving, I'm giving Dak what he want. I just wanna put these right here on him one time man of course I want the cops to be right there to break it up, you know what I'm saying? Like I want to hear them b and then the cops grab me and then the world see that like man do really got down on Dak but really and truly the cops help me like when people get into fights and shit man.


Who call a law shit. You better, you better. Thank God I called him better. Thank God I called him. Nigga finna kill you. Talking about you can handle it by yourself. No you can't. Yeah you went down off the first I knew then I wasn't gonna get in. That's when I put my hand on my damn phone. Nine one one get here quick. These niggas got guns. Well people ungrateful. I got into a fight. I ain't gonna lie. I got into a fight with somebody I held on for my motherfucking life. It took the job alive to get me off. That nigga Bob cramped down on that nigga I held on until the police got there talking about let me go shit I ain't letting you go until I see them red and white blue.


Then I let you go. So when them police got there I let him go and ran to the police. Said he damn near killed me. Come here, I'm going home tonight. I don't know about y'all but I'm going home tonight. Y'all might be going to a cell. I'm not. I'm going to my bed. I never let pride get in the way of me or my ego get in the way of me or getting hurt. I pride shit go out the window. Yeah some of y'all gets hit slapped nigga slapped me. I'm kill him. See that's wrong with you. Somebody do something to you wanna go and kill now you finna be in jail. Not me.


You might slap me back. I come back, I ain't coming back like old ball meant society when he came back with Kane blasting. I ain't coming back blasting. I'm coming back with a loud sound. Come here Tyrone. Put your hand behind your back. Anything you say can And we will be used against you in the court law. You don't have a right to attorney then you gonna point you one. That's what you gonna be hearing from me. That's how I get my payback right now. Give a damn who on the sideline laughing and this and that. I'm free. I'm here.


I can go to Popeyes right now and eat. You can't do that when you in jail. Y'all be tricking y'all self out your own spots because somebody said something to you or somebody done took your girl or this and that. You want to kill them. You a cow. You might could not fight me but you can't out down 9 1 1 me. I bet you that shit. Y'all talk to me tonight. What's going on man? Hell y'all holding onto his leg. I beat him and everything. I wasn't letting him go after that first punch. He hit me my knee wobbled shit. I hurry up and clenched come here. He talking me let me go. No hell no.


You didn't have to hit me like that. You hit me. I seen my third grade teacher. Shit. I'm not feeling let your shit, why my people in Raleigh, North Carolina man what's good? I see y'all here Sunday at Goodnight's Comedy Club. Pull up, pull up the Goodnight's Comedy Club. North Raleigh, North Carolina this Sunday night tickets almost sold up, sold out. Man y'all pull up and come see your boy man. October the fourth. I'm in Addison, Texas. Grab 'em tickets five shows grab 'em tickets right now. I don't know what you waiting on man. I really don't know what you waiting on. Y'all talk to me. You know I'm gonna talk back.


I got that headbang on man because you know I'm feeling like bru man. You know what I'm talking about. Back in the Cleveland days. Not this bru him. This bru here gonna do Selma head gaskets. He still bru though. He still go. But you Don sell head gaskets. Shit what? What I'm gonna do? Shit, what I'm gonna do with somebody take my stu. Shit gonna be problems. Lemme tell you something. I better not see now one of y'all talking to my stu boy. It gonna be up. Yeah it's gonna be on the floor type shit with me because when I start fighting she gonna start fighting with me and one thing y'all don't know them. Stu got hands.


I ain't like, I ain't got no hands me and her but fighting somebody one day shit. She got to throwing in them hands. I stopped throwing mine and watched her. I ooh she woo, she marvelous. She marvelous. Then old boy start getting the best of her. That's when I put my hand on my fire. My fire in this mother I shot now because I ain't gonna shoot nobody. I'm scary. Pow. Everybody started taking off running. That's how I got the reputation that I'll shoot something. I won't shoot. I'm scary. I was just shooting in the earth scare people. But my stu look that is man you real man. You, you, you, you down for me. I am but I'm really lying though.


I was just trying to show off now I can't get rid of her. That one inch me got her in love too. Come here. It's like a launch of hurt bubble here. I'm look eye when she going down because it ain't but one inch so she gets die. Come on. She killing me softly with her mouth killing me softly. Hey y'all don't know nothing about that man. I stu stab me so I put pause on her. No you ought bitch ashamed to yourself putting your hand on them stu.


Man check out to my people that's 60 and above watching this show. I got some old schools in here watching the show. Check out to my old school watching this show man. Yeah, go get you some blue shoes too Charles. I got some Charles on the show and you know what I'm saying, that tool don't work like it used to go and get you some blue shoes fa. That's all I'm saying. Get you some blue shoes you can't lose it will put you back in the groove then you will ooze. For real. Y'all probably saying w you too young for them. Stay out my motherfucking business. Stay out my business. I'm, tell me what, I'm too old and too young for. Stay out my business.


Y'all already know man. If you can't watch this show, you damn show can listen to it on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Type in bubble dub here. I'm here I'm baby. That's all you got to do to listen to me. You rocking and rolling around here And. if you watching this show then you already gotta a know your show being presented by prize picks. That's right. Going download the number one sport fantasy app right now. Use my promo code trash with the two H's. T-R-A-S-H-H trash. If your first time user they gonna give you fi. You put soon When, you spend five hours, they gonna give you 50 instantly.


Yeah if you're first time lose, you use my promo code trash in two Hs. You put $5 in, they gonna give you 50 and it's more or less over prize Pick baby. That's easy man. More or less. If you gonna know more or less. Here let me explain to you. They got Kayla Williams to have 0.5 passing yards over there. That's a, that's a quick mo. They got JK Dobbins to have 54 and a half Russian yards. You either put less or more. They got Adam Kamar to have 66 and a half Russian yards. You either put more or less. That's all you tell you what you can spend $10, you could spend $15 and win 1500. Tell you what they got an injury policy too.


What you mean injury policy for him? Check this out. You got a player right? He ball in the first half going off but he get hurt. Third quarter get hurt. Guess what? He gonna come back in the game. They won't count it against you. Them other apps don't be doing that. No other apps don't be doing that. You better get with Prize pick right now. Now I want y'all to go ahead and gimme y'all predictions right now. Ravens Cowboys give me y'all predictions right now. I'm in the Cums watch. Come to Mobile Alabama real soon fam come to Mobile album.


Real Mobile Alabama real soon. September 28th I'm in Naptime. Come here, go and grab them tickets. Me and Alls Jay be Simone Black Tony, come here September 28th. I'm in Naptime. Grab them tickets right now. They October 4th through sixth. I'm in Addison, Texas. That mean I need Dallas, I need Frisco, I need Fort Worth, I need Lancaster, Denton, Waco, come here, grab them tickets, come see your boy. Because if you loving this, you definitely gonna love me more on stage this weekend, this Sunday night. You can catch me in Raleigh in North Carolina at Good Night Comedy Club.


Hell pull up, pull up where the opinions too. I'm gonna make you piss on yourself. I'm not playing now who y'all got? Yeah, somebody got Raven. 41, 21. I don't like you Antoine. Antoine Weaver. Come on fam. One one. That's how bad you think the Baltimore Raven. You crazy. I feel a, I feel a hell of a game coming from D this Sunday. He owe it to us. Wake up oh ass. We got a game Sunday. We ain't going out like that. We not start the season one, two.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you Can. I mean the guy Hood winked everyone. He was very ambiguous and and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth?


You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Listen to Trendz Zone on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast. My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19, I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Y'all know in line 7.62 Jack, you know I'm not bullshitting you man. I'm telling y'all the truth every night. Telling you the truth. Dak boo boo man Dak ain't boo boo man. Dak definitely got the play. Bugger man. This a team sport. I mean for years I should pray and blame Dak and I was wrong man. It's a team effort man. It's a team effort. The offensive line gotta do what they do. The running back got to do what they do. Receivers gotta do what they do. The tight ends the the quarterback got to do what they do. The coaches got to do what they gotta do. The defense look lost. Do you hear me? They look lost. That's coaching. You gotta put the players in the right position to make the plays.


They not in the right position. They not in the right plays. They in past defense. When an opposing team is running the ball, that's a problem. Well that mean your substitution not right. That mean players not getting off the field in time like they supposed to do. That's all I'm saying. Y'all the cowboy. We in trouble. We in trouble. And I had to come on this motherfucking show and eat dirt. I had to eat it. I own it. I talk so much shit about them boo boo eating ass saints. But I had to eat my word. I don't, I won't do that no more.


I lost friends behind that same cowboy gang. People ain't, I feel like I ain't gonna never talk to a gig in my life. I take this game serious man. I do. Pastor calling me, I ain't trying to hear that shit. Damn. Because every time you talk to me about the barber and everything at the end you always asking me, telling me it's more better than to give than to receive. Then when you gonna start giving me some money then pastor I've been watching you count them motherfucking racks every Sunday start to bow. But me the good Lord we good. You know I don't, I don't wanna cause harm on nobody. You know what I'm saying? You were back there counting them racks. I bow, Lord knows but I'm gonna change man now I don't, I'm not going down that path no more.


I'm going down the path of righteousness right now. If anybody watching this show right now man, I want you to tell somebody in your family that you love them. Man. You know we, we often go so many days and months and years without telling our loved one. We loved them man. And when they die we all crying. I wish I would've told them that shook up. You should have told 'em when they were living. That's why you give people why they flowers while they're alive. Because they can do something with them when they're alive. When they dead they can't do nothing with them. Stop by all that man. When people dying y'all lying. Oh I know they ain't here. No they ain't. Them niggas killed seven people. How the hell them niggas going to hell? You niggas only you niggas can do that.


Man. Man I miss my nigga man. I was a good nigga man. Nigga to kill five nigga rape seven women. But he good. Stop it. I'm here to tell y'all now the nigga ain't in help. I could rest assure you that he was a bad person so he gonna be in a bad place. Even Diddy. Shit, fuck Diddy did. He violated women, violated men. I hate to speak on that brother like that. 'cause that brother going through a difficult time in his life even though he, he deserved it. But he's still a brother, he's still a human being. He's still innocent to proven guilty.


I just trying, I'm just wanna see he got enough baby oil to slip out of this shit. Let's see. That's all I'm saying. Do P Diggy have enough baby oil to slip out of this one? It's what I really wanna know because he slippery, he slipped away from that shine situation. He slipped away from the Biggie and Pac situation. Let's see if he can slip his slippery ass away from this. That remains to pc. Let's see, $50 million bond denied. That mean that motherfucking man got $50 million to put up and the judge told him no, no boy I so good.


I bet he ain't dancing in they motherfucking cell. I bet you that. I bet you that the di diler is not dancing in that cell. He crying. I bet you that. I bet you he crying that square business on everything I love. I know he crying. Let's get this check up with six six. Let's get this check up today. Ladies and gentlemen. Like I said, the New York Jets, I mean the Patriots, the Browns, the Johnsons, the Panthers. They should be playing on BET plus who agree with me right now who agree with me that them teams should be playing on BET plus behind Tyler Perry series them some series Tyler Perry be having.


That's what them damn teams need to be playing behind them. Thursday night games ain't hit on Amazon Prime. Lot of people ain't got them damn apps. Roger Goodell. Lot of people ain't got them damn apps. Let them people got regular cable. What happened to N-B-C-E-H-P-N and all that? A, B, C putting them damn game on Amazon. People don't got them out. I got Amazon because I love Amazon. Don't forever have Amazon but a lot of people don't have. If you ain't got Amazon, you might need to go ahead and get it. Some of y'all ain't got them smart TVs either. Need to update your TV baby. Hell appreciate y'all man for coming on here tonight with me.


You know we going live again Saturday night. You know we going live Sunday, Sunday night letting you know right now. After my show I will be going live. I know the Cowboys play around 3 25, 3 30. So I know y'all gonna be looking for me to go live right after a game. I have a show, comedy show so after the comedy show I will be going live covering all the games that day. So y'all get ready because when I come off that mother this stage, I'm gonna be on one And. we better have number one too. Or I'm gonna blow a head gasket. I can't IIII just don't want to see myself. I don't really wanna see myself as the cowboy. Look, y'all don't wanna see that of me because you thought you seen something this week.


You don't wanna see me this week if we lose because I'm hard headed. I done be $1,500 on the cowboy. I already lost 3,500. I'm trying to get it back. I got 1500 on the Cowboy against the Rave. Come here. What you mean? Oh the game will be over by four 30. What? Oh you trying to be funny Jack? No it won't. Norway won't fam don't say that. Don't y'all say that Y'all supposed to have my bag. Y'all ain't even got my bag right now. What about how I feel? What my real cowboy fans at. Make some noise in the chat. Hit the like button if you in the chat. You still gonna hit the like button by now if you in the chat man, too much shit going on in the world man.


Stop going out to these bars and drinking and leaving your drinks. Going to the restroom and coming back and drinking the drink. Don't do that. Bullshit. Let's start being more responsible man. Everybody don't like you man. Do you hear me? Everybody don't like you every green Ain't your friend. Stop trying to smoke with everybody. Everybody ain't got weed in that motherfucking sick off niggas. Y'all powder wax and everything else in them. Damn. Don't you smoke them. I'm not smoking nothing that roll up. Lemme see what you putting in this motherfucking you Calvin.


I thought they real come here. You ain't got none. You better ain't when you go to LA hit jokes up. Tell him you want that. This ain't train. It's gonna blow your mind. It's gonna blow your mind Jack. Real talk. Yeah. Trash of the day going to Diggy trash. They say he ain't no Johnson Johnson or nowhere in la. They got it on back order right now. You can about all the motherfucking Johnson and Johnson Oil did it. You the one who been keeping them in business.


See they was already going outta business when they had that covid bullshit ass shot. They came out. Y'all know that Johnson Johnson coach shot. They was go outta business did it. Put them back in business behind all that damn baby slippery ass. I told you should slipped your ass down nigga B with Russell you wouldn't even be in this motherfucking situation you in now. If you just went on down there with Russell and and live rest of your days, you would've been good. But no you wanna show your face, you wanna go down to the Manhattan. You okay now Your ass in mad in jail looking ugly. Carissa. Well yeah. Come here. Come here.


I got you. You ain't gotta worry about none of that funny business and all that bullshit dealer was doing to you. I ain't gonna do none of that. I'm opposite. I'm opposite. Come here. I need 17 with you. Just goddamn one inch under color gonna make you get your mind right. Guarantee. I'm telling you what God love. Come here motherfuck the nigga off off your head. Real talk and rub your feet. You ain't gonna get up and reach your son a bedtime story. Come on. I know all that. I'm gonna jack up all trades. She dub a stalk or gimme some and then don't return my call. Bitch I be in your bushes.


Queing, come here, gimme some pussy and then don't want return my call. Bitch I be on your apartment steps. Come here Bobby. Curing too. Real talk big links. Come here PS Earl Campbell links is what I have on there. If you in Texas. What you know about them? Earl Campbell links. D-B-T-E-N-T. Nah, I ain't got no promo code for that. This ain't tra but I just told you where you can go and get it at brother. Yeah. DM me man. I'll make sure you can get you some man. Real talk man. I promise you that. You going to love it.


I promise you. You going to love it. Real talk. Y'all just not tuning in. I I've been talking about them trash ass patriot. Trash ass jets. That's what I've been talking about. That's boring in this game. I done seen this motherfucking year. Shout got the A ride. You got your win. That's good. New York, y'all can get some rest tonight. Them rats partying like a motherfucker up there night. I know them rats partying right now. They listening to Ja Rule when you cry. I cry. We cry together. Shit. Them damn rats being Harmony up there in New York. I'm not bullshitting you. Y'all thought Nicky was a big rat. Shit. Barnes ain't got shit on these rats him.


These rats are got style they stylist too. Them some Gucci Prada wearing ass rats. I ain't bullshiting you. Thank y'all for tuning into this show, man. I see y'all again Saturday night, man. Y'all get ready to hit the light, but make sure you hit the subscribe, but make sure you get into comments right now. Make sure you get into comments right now man. Let me know you rocking with this show. Real Talk. I see y'all again when I see y'all. Peace. I'm out. The Volume. Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series in my podcast. Deep Cover out now all about George Santos.


It's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else and how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. We're the four band your tween made. You see we're the four band. It's Painful Concert number three. We're the four band. We're five 19. We are the four band only singing on Key. You love your kids enough to take them to see their favorite band.


Love them enough to make sure they're buckled up in the backseat. Show 'em you love them, keep 'em safe. Visit nhtsa.gov/the right seat. Brought to you by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Ad Council.