
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework, The Volume.


What do you do at Rev? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Welcome. Welcome. Make sure you hit the like button. Make sure you hit the subscribe button. Make sure you always keep your notifications turned on. You never know when we going go live over here on The dub, so I'm gonna give y'all just a few minutes to get in, get settled. I know I hit y'all, you know what I'm saying? At a little late notice, but you know, just one of them nights man, while I just fly telling stories man. It's some stuff I need to tell So you know, because you know I love telling, you know I'm a good talking Mo. That's me. You don't nobody know your business. Don't tell me shit soon I get off the phone with, I'm calling somebody, man, you know such and such just did this and that.


That's me. Don't tell me I can't hold w real talk. Don't tell me real talk. Black male, all all kind of, I I use everything I can against your ass just for me to win. I'm not bullshit. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show man. Look, lemme go ahead. Start the show off with this right here man. Something I gotta talk about man. Got a family member man. That's, you know what I'm saying? That was out there in them streets doing what he do, you know what I'm saying? You know, moving them things and you know we, we live, you know we, we, we, we live by principles, you know we, we, we real, we are ends. We real nickels. Yeah, we're gonna do no talking. We gonna do none of that. Well true story. My cousin, you know what I'm saying, supposed to be doing 15 years right now.


I talk to him every week, you know what I'm saying? Good spirits holding it down. You know I'm gonna go, you know, no fan. I'm finna go and walk this time down 'cause I'm a real nigga. That's what I do. That's what he told me last week. But I got off the phone with him about about two hours ago. He wasn't, he wasn't, he was singing a different tone. All that real nigga. I'm holding it down. That shit was out the window That tell me one thing though. Niggas in there broke his ass down like a gram. Just those niggas in that penitentiary done broke my fam down. Like he a gram ain't all about that. No, all I heard was excuses so he could come home.


That's what I heard. Girl ain't putting a normal books. I ain't heard from a kid. My mama done turned the back on me. Man you the only one look out for me man that you know what I'm heard, I'm heard a nigga that's is broken. I tried to tell you when I young slow down you ain't ruin missing. Will a hard head make us so fast? I'm gonna do this time I'm real This, this is what I do baby. Yeah. Death before this onor. You ain't screaming that shit in our family. You ain't screaming it now. But that's how the game go be real people that we used to grow a wig in the streets real nigga.


Are you getting money? But when they go to that penitentiary y'all, it's a different thing. I don't know what going on in nothing. Don't give a damn. But there's something in nothing that's changing real niggas who know this big gang to your ho. Now you spin gang to your n Yeah boy shit boy you boy you looking good boy. You got the, got the candy paint on the cars and shit. They can showing their pictures in there. Boy. You got the rims on that mother boy. That thing boy you sex in the motherfucking family. That's how other men talking to other men in the damn pen now. And you think I shit, I bite my way up out that motherfucker ain't no way.


I feel gonna do no damn kind. I'm gonna be in the infirmary. I'll be the sickest goddamn damn prisoner ever nigga. I'm in the, I'm in infirmary my whole damn sentence. Shit. Make it make sense y'all now this this my family. I consider him to be that guy. Yeah he doing time for somebody. Yeah he know he one of them dumb ones. He ain't, he ain't feeling that no motherfuck. No he ain't feeling that. Why? Because them niggas don't speak game to him. Some niggas in nothing Done talk to him about them boxers. I know what's going on. He on somebody done talk my family out them box.


He gonna need therapy. I don't need it because I can hear his motherfucking voice. His his words were trembling like ebony on players club when she got caught by Diamond. Y'all, I wish I could make this shit up. I'm not making it up to y'all man. I'm praying for anybody that's behind them boys. That ain't like that. My fam ain't like that. Y'all, he done got, he done got some meat in that mother. He done got some more, some meat in Now I know anytime he go from talking my day to talking my, he done took some meat my god. To see Hi and see Lord, I pray you wrap your arms around my family member in there.


I know, I don't know who it is but I know they, they they, they killing them softly. No I got, they feeling I got that. What them hold say they got intuition. I got their intuition that they, he done been fondled with in that motherfucker nowhere. When he called me again tomorrow I'm gonna get a outta him. Bam. You ain't got to lie to me. I'm your fam, I'm gonna be here for you no matter what. I fucking slide you 150 on your books too. I need to know you gonna talk some million nights. Don't, don't shit just me and you. I ain't gonna say your motherfucking word. I'm soon as that nigga tell me he ben over in that motherfucker, I'm calling every family member I know and tell them to know I'm gonna family down.


Damn the big roughest, roughest motherfuckers that was out walking around in these streets each and every day they there goddamn bending over Big Bend being over now running ths and shit writing niggas like he a real killer. Stop it be right you now pour it. Get this court oil. Niggas going, lying doing, you know what I'm saying Nigga lying there nigga be ping up man I was in population. No you wouldn't.


You ain't seen nobody but that damn doctor. That's the only person you seen and why y'all so worried about people snitching all the time. Oh damn. If they snitch or not, I don't give a damn about nobody talking. Talking on me. I can't give a damn y'all niggas ain't the streets dead Do you get the streets dead nigga ain't doing no motherfucker time no more. You out here living good, getting money, getting women whatever you get. Whatever you getting, you getting you from go through 30 years when you can come home and buy some shit.


I don't give a damn about y'all knowing I'm gonna snitch that. Put my name up there. Oh I don't give a damn. Put me in the courtroom. I'm talking and I'm talking. I old goddamn day too. I'm talking now. Old day I'm talking my shit ain't got nothing to do with my case. J came fire, come here Martin Luther King from Ka come here Nipsey come here. I'm ight. Everybody else trial what's going on except for mine no motherfucking way. I got children at the house depending on me and I'm finna go in here and lay down for somebody else. Is you crazy? Is you going? I'm gonna be one in that motherfucking casket. Me.


Who? Me? I'm the only one. Ain't nobody gonna be in the hole in my hand none of that. So therefore you gonna be the only one in that motherfucking in. They in that jail be me when we done. Oh ba you ain't a real nigga so can give a about being real. Don't that I'm gonna square snitch motherfucker. I move Montana. Ain't no niggas in Montana. I ain't gotta worry about nobody in Montana calling me a snitch. I move a Montana and become a rancher. I move a Montana to become a Rancho yellow stone ain't got shit on me. Kevin costing bubble do monster to God damnit I'm out there with the herd.


That's me. I scared ain't nobody gonna bother you if you move to Montana. White people won't. Some young nigga like nigga Montana, they looking for some diversity. God damnit I ain't gonna sign me up. I'll be the baggie son. It's in Montana. I ain't gotta worry about fighting you's all I gotta worry about fighting. Why I lied Ain't if I can just survive this long around here with these damn damn killers I could survive up there in Montana. Do you hear me cold? Ain't no niggas come around no cold bro. I ain't gotta worry about nobody breaking in. I ain't gotta worry about none of that. God damn.


I'm around you see your dub in Montana just telling y'all man don't let that stigma bother you man. I don't wanna be called no rat but man you able to get your ass home. Your mama got one good leg and one good heel. She needs your ass author Arthur. Your mama need you around the house helping her but you wanna go be a real nigga. Go ahead here, go home. You ain't built like that author. Your mama was a nurse, your daddy was a pastor. How you out here selling dope nigga? Cutting up. Cutting up. You wasn't raised like that author.


You wasn't raised like that. Get in the streets though. You out here acting like you don't do it. Don't do it. Y'all don't throw your life away behind bullshit. Don't throw your motherfucking life away behind bullshit Trouble. Easy to get into, hard to get out of man. Yeah, pride, pride, pride. Get to a lot of folks man. Yeah Pride to have you down there crying. Yeah. Yeah. Knowing you ain't did nothing but you want no man we ain't doing that. It don't take that long for them people to get information out you. You can tell what you want to tell on the way down they making that much better. I mean when they talking to the DA and all that, you know he started giving information owing you.


Damn right. I did. I didn't leave. I popping. I didn't leave hop nothing. That helps you in court. When the judge sees shit, he looking at it. Cooperated, cooperated, cooperated. No need for first party, second party third, no need for that. He was all boy you got damn like I was. Well Mr. Morgan we gonna get this 30, 30 year singers down to six months. Shit. In this six months I'm in the infirmary. I got a goddamn hurry. Do you remember what I just told y'all? Six months I'm in the efim but I'm writing letters home like I'm in gp.


Like I'm in general public every day. These ho ass niggas can't see me ah him. I walk around here, they gonna do shit to me. They showing me love lying. Them little letters I'm writing even though I'm a nigga come home on the streets lying and everything man. Man picked up the pen ain't shit nigga I did that on my head, you feel me? I did that on my head man. Hell I did that lying like a, that's what niggas do, niggas lie. That's what they do. They lie all the time. It's hard to find out who real and who fake but the fake one look real, real. Don't even look fake no more mean real.


You know what I'm saying? The real don't look real no more. I better stop trying to impress these folks man and live for you because they ain't living for you. They living for they self. You understand what I'm saying? They living for they self telling y'all what's going on. If you don't think I'm gonna talk about I'm sick and tired or you know her on the side having asshole. Oops I ain't got all the money for my rent. Ooh my baby car seat nasty. Ooh I ain't got no baby single daddy hand, daddy feet musty. Lay front wig wearing assholes. I'm sick of y'all. I begging this motherfuckers I ever seen in my life Must be nice out your bed.


Pay I don't know how I'm gonna get my eye paid but you better pray to God. You better pray to God 'cause I'm not saving your ass. No damn. No I'm sick of asshole. I'm sick of the motherfucking liar. Told me you gonna ride me like an open road but you ain't doing nothing but scoot. No my as me screwing my shit off ho. Quit scoot of the fucking, I will not get my stems. I look out you ain't got 'em yet. How y'all ain't what they done dog. Keep playing with me. I'll call CPS on your mother as right now or you can leave your kids at the house other week. Come over here and suck this meat.


You didn't do that. That 2 75 made you jump. I was just saying you do it now. Basically your kids at the high by sale. I give you $275 right now. Goddamn. Before I could hang up the phone. You was at the door. You didn't give that goddamn hundred pack time to digest. You was already, you was all over me. You were doing the alligator roll up my shit. And I loved it. I loved it. I supposed to take, my mama took a document the next day and I overslept because they goddamn alligator head you gave me sweet my two row motherfucker.


You I'm sick of your life. So you told me you were working overtime ho. I called up the ho. You've been to lift work 45 hours ago by your home. I ain't seen no emotion because if I do I'm don't want a flag. Ho. So where you been? Well I want know don't you lie. So God I'm already going to jail God damnit I'm gonna make it count when I do. You ain't gonna keep playing me like this. You ain't gonna finna keep making me look like no fool around this motherfucker. I say shop something gonna happen. I don't know if it's gonna be sugar in your tank or or something going on with your mama at her job.


But goddammit I don't gonna happen when your phone gonna ring and it's gonna be Oh God. Oh my. You damn right. He did what you damn I done it and I do it. I'm not gonna play with you hoes no more man that shit dead to me. God damn. You damn right. I'm repoing court. I bought this in my motherfucking name. Rung it here I'm gonna get to work walk. They walked in the Bible. They walked everywhere else in the Bible. God damnit you can walk now but you gonna motherfucking car. Car by my car seat. Fuck it. I bought it anyway. I bought that motherfucking car seat.


You didn't have shit no infamil. I I raised that motherfucking child like it was my own loved cherish them ing this the motherfucking things I get. I can't wait till we have court in CCP CPS court. I can't wait to go in there and testify on your nasty ass. Your she ate this meat for $75. She did what? She ate this meat. Sir. Sir, I I my eye rolled back sir. I couldn't see. I lost vision like Ray and then removing Rachel I lost vision.


All I could do was get feel for this motherfucker. I can't see her but I could feel more and she, when I lost vision that's when I put my hand on my pistol then because God damnit, I ain't gonna be the last one in this room. Get hurt if you understand what I'm saying to you now. How I lose my vision if God may ever lose. Your vision sounds scary on it but it ain't. Oh that's some sensational shit. I wanted it time, after time after time I would leave work. Do you hear me? I would leave work, have my homeboy called up and say family emergency. I'm going to that motherfucker who made me lose fish. I wanna lose sight H Sight Lord.


That's the kind of hair I'm talking about. I fell in love with that motherfucker. Y'all. These are my confessions. I fell in love with that motherfucker. She didn't have a car. She did then she didn't have a home. She did Then I upgrade this motherfucker. I ain't lying Christmas time that stocking you hear me Cripple down. That's costing fool. All of grocery food. Dad came the we in the Gulf boy. Shit crazy behind that. Mo. I'm not lying. I'm not lying to you at all.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream or is it their super comprehensive agent directory or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Gotta be careful when you're fine boy. But I'm sick of your lies. Some of y'all been lied to right now. You don't even know it. Some of you do know it. You going care. You just, you ain't love with this motherfucker. I get it. Bam. But it ain't worth this number. Heartache number headache in the end. Do you hear me? You start going crazy. You need to seek counseling. You start having withdrawals. I ain't had this motherfucker about three weeks now y'all. I'm going through. It's probably why I'm on here telling y'all about this shit. Now I'm having withdrawals without this motherfucker real talking. I know some of you watching this show tonight. Duh. What? What about Nadine? This the motherfucker.


I'm about this ain't nothing but a oh oh. Them kugels was the one. They ain't shit. Dean ain't shit that bad hip. One leg motherfucker cheating on me. I thought I'm the one who going do cheating but she doing it to me. I ain't had no goddamn Glock in a week and a half. Mama called and trying to figure out what's going on mama. I don't want talk. I don't wanna talk. I talk thought I had some good ine y'all.


I ain't gonna lie. Remember I came over here talking about it, bragging about it. I should have kept my motherfucking mouth clothes. I should have kept my motherfucking mouth clothes. I should have done it but I didn't. Showing out feeling good about myself got me one boy. I'm telling you what she doing This and that. Them backfired on my back. Man, y'all don't even understand how your boy feeling tonight man. How y'all doing man? How y'all feeling man? Your boy going through it. Y'all hit the like button. Hit the sharp button man. We got nine 20 so people on here man. Man we have 19,000 man. What the hell going on man Watching this show then you know it being presented by prize piece.


Man. Yo, go ahead. Scan that barcode right there on your right man. Put $5 in, you get 50 instantly. Real talk. You betting more or less on your favorite player. If you can't watch this show, you only can listen to it man. Go to Apple Podcast, go to Spotify, download The Bubba Dub Show. Put it in your rotation, download it. Do whatever you gotta do. But make sure you download The Bubba Dub Show man.


Y'all talk to me man. How y'all feeling man? Eric what it do? My guy, he la in the what? Louisiana. What it do bj? What'd it do? Fmo appreciate the love y'all showing out there man. It's all bad man. It ain't, women ain't like they used to be man. You know what I'm talking about. It is. It's hard at man been crying all motherfuckering day man. Smoking all day man. You know what I'm saying? My heart hurt like a motherfucker man. Man I don't, you know people be trying to talk to you. It's gonna be okay man. That's some bullshit. You know what I'm saying? That's some No it ain't. It ain't going it. It ain't. I'm gonna say it ain't going be okay.


Ain't y'all don't know how this shit feel man. Y'all gonna know the pain I feel man. I don't know how what I'm going through my mind man. I put this six tape out with Lene bitch. She better stop playing with me. Bitch I I'll upload it. Right Motherfucker now give a damn about you being nobody grandmother or mother. I upload this motherfucking be your right now take I won't but I don't want the world to see my one, his hamster. It ain't ready for the world yet. I wasn't hiding the, I'm not hiding the world for my one. His monster hiding my one, his monster from the world.


Y'all pray for me man. Y don't even know sometimes y'all like, I don't even know man. I don't know if I'm coming or going. I got a restraining order put on me. Oh man, I done went to that woman job. I been trying to go to her crib. I didn't contact her pastor. I didn't contact the doctor who when she was born, you know what I'm saying? Motherfucker like 94. He still remember though. No no more y'all. Somebody say hey girl, about to get their taxes. They on their bitch behavior. You better be, you better be because they getting back by 10 racks.


They gonna fuck it out. I I man these women get their taxes and they bucket it off three, four months right back selling the ass. You know I ain't lying. Yeah was it, was it February, March, April, may They cool June. June to December they back selling ass. You know I ain't lying. They ain't giving them no cat. They ain't giving them no head when they got money. But soon as them hole broke, look at your phone. Hey bighead, you don't know nobody no more. That's when them hole broke and they ready to do whatever ain't ohey and they ready to do whatever and I got a pocket full of celery.


God damnit come here. I knew you, I knew you. Find your white back home. Come here. I oh yeah. Damn. They'll go that stay gone. Gone and get but them holes gone always behind they way at gone. They get full with me. Yeah when they eat they come way past the belly. They ain't forgot. Tell you you feed them. Oh right. They gonna come back one way or another. They come back snooping around trying to figure out what's going on. They right. You thought the grave were green on the other side.


It wouldn't number me or door over there. Hey, I'm from Texas. Come get some of this sand. I steam grass baby. I I not say steam grass baby come here. Thought you thought you weren't gonna ever come back. I really did. I was done with you. The lie you told the mother didn't lie, you told you gonna come back. I knew you gonna come back now since you back. Let's get past it. Come on Uhuh. I ain't trying to go there with you no more. But we going though. We, I already got good Cruz. Where we going Co. I'm sick of co ain't be.


I want some, I gotta smoke some weed on this cruise. Shit Be i'll smoking. Yeah getting off, getting off. She trying to figure out how my thing keeps staying hard because I own PED. Maybe I'm rocking on the boat. Yeah playing. They live ride the boat work positions. Change it for me. Working for me. Ooh, I like your stroll. That's I'm listening to y'all let it flow.


Flow. Hey the, I shouldn't have took this show with you but you did bitch but you did wearing that motherfucker out at night. Don't you get tired? Hell no. Don't you get tired. I ain't gonna get you. I don't wanna see your face. I got the champagne like Nego Brown had when he pulled it on. Go girl. You know looking for the pimples on the Oh yeah that what Go on on them Cruise bitch put on we and shit.


You on calling bitch I'm fucking the dog. She got you tonight or killing. Piggy you must be used to me spending all that sweet wine RI can you tonight and another one. Yeah. Got your girl on speaker. I'm talking now. You should came to I'm trying. She didn't want me to call. Why you? Why you stopping your blessing Next time we go on trip you come to Si. Damn right. I need two foot Camino Cam gonna fuck around we leave my girl ain't me, you me, you for real.


I come shit. Tell junior Christmas came right that yeah you, you you want me to have them new dm. What color? Why the black I get 'em out for him. I'm showing how she on the phone got the new D. They sold out. He got some though girl. Mike might got the shoe right now. He got three pearls got him all kind of jerseys in hat. I'm fucking with this nigga whole time. It is her best. I'm her best friend.


Come. Come on don't y'all tell this story now. Now this between me and y'all now. Now y'all gonna get me in trouble. Don't y'all go back and repeat now what y'all been heard now go off What you see not what you heard now. I told y'all I see better than I hear. I said all I'm saying but you gotta watch the morning come around you and your girl ain't give them eyes. Yeah nigga she lucky. Yeah you right bitch. She is. She's lucky to have a nigga like me. But you can too. You play your chord right If you play your chord right, you might just get the man you looking for women, do you hear me? You might if you play on what you ain't you too anxious.


So you know I'm talking. You say so anxious. Being so anxious you give it away. You make your girl make her feel like bitch like my nigga you women gotta back off. Be un be uninterest in a nigga girl. Say how you with that nigga? I could never Yeah that's how you play it off because I'm doing that too. Ah, she whack don't bring her around no more the whole time back for Right. What you doing man?


Man how y'all feeling tonight? Big bone B. What he do? Self-made What he do? Man, lemme talk to y'all on every night man. Somebody say double dip, double dipping for sure. Two for one special for sure. Daffy. See what he do. F mo appreciate that Gli so appreciate that Fmo. What'd it do? Lavee? What'd it do man? What it do man? Yeah play your cards right. You gonna be good. I promise you that Show he knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Hell Somebody hear. You know it's part your show. What we do? The hell no send me. Somebody hit me up say do you ever do a threesome dude, no.


Hey on now I'm the mother fucking stu gonna be in that room. Everybody is gonna have bitty do you hear me? Ain't gonna be nobody else in there. No man, shit I that's rising to the occasion. There's gonna be some cakes everywhere else. Damn right. Two women and me and I'm all for it Don't be no other thing. Shit. I don't play no game at all. Careful. Yeah I niggas out there swinging. I there's some swingers that's watching this show right now. Y'all some nasty, some bitches but keep doing.


I like it. I like finding one of them white girls. I ain't lying. I like finding one of them white girl. We go to them swinging parties like we been together. PI don't know her. She don't know me but she got her eye on who she want. I got my eye on oh I three. That real estate agent Rachel coming surprised to see you partner. I'm surprised to see your ass too but ain't no talking during this session. It's who Goddamn humping and going on him white boy Jerry name Jerry he want what I got and I want what he got. He want Mandy and I want Rachel.


It a evenness change just your ass because I'm leaving the stain on Rachel. I'm coming from the hip wheel on Rachel. Yeah. Yeah. Oh damn. I put some oil on oil. Come here pumping the shit. I like you guess you texting me every day. What you doing friend? Shit waiting on you. You gotta buy 15 minutes and three. Your scared. I do. Come on running, running it. Oh walk like she had an animal running it. Can't get a note on me.


Need to hit me up when we going back. I don't know. I'm over there with Rachel all the time. Oh yeah. Two months. Groundbreaking new house. I'm buying God damn light. You let, I'm already letting you know right now Rachel. The reason why I'm in the house I want now I get them Rachels them, Jessicas them, Mandy, them Heathers them Sarahs them some good motherfuckers. Ain't nothing like going to them white folk. Hell when they, when they store their dollar outta black man and you walk up in that motherfucker and that daddy looking Who this guy shit your son-in-law nigga.


That's who I'm how you doing? We can't do nothing. My parents in this house. They don't allow that shit. Giving it to Rachel hard then no mother, I ain't got no meat so I'm having sex with Rachel. Real motherfuck hard and C girl. Yeah. You think Aaron Hernandez in that room? God damn right. I ain't got no meat but do I rough her motherfucking ass. Her boy And she says it's the best sex ever. It got a CTE sleeping with do blue said 42 hu. I call soccer ball. Let her make a make a tell her spin around when she spin around.


I hear right little motherfucking J she I know how role play will only gun the French black guy ever met didn't have no pings. Forhe. I love it. That's what she telling her friend. Hey but not love it and you better and you better. She called me Booie like Booie. You damn right I am. Come on baby, take me out to eat what you want. Eat my booie. Asparagus rib rib steak had big size your motherfucking bag and steam potatoes on.


That's where I'm on these days. I dunno about y'all but that's what I'm going So when you see me tipping through wild, don't you say your motherfucking word. Mm. Don't you say your motherfucking word B Do with that flag ass white girl. She might got a flag ass but she got a goddamn American Express card come out. Yeah. Approved. Approved girl. Come here. Everybody in the family Finn have good credit now. Motherfucker run through Rachel. She she gotta learn. She gotta learn.


I'm gonna give a hug nigga wake up call I'm gonna give it to. Don't worry I'm gonna give it to her. I ain't lie. Give it to her real good. Everything I can get up out of her. And then one day when she tried to call me I you Yeah and soon when she pull up in my yard with that bull shit on that carrying type shit 9 1 1 she's durang. Yeah. Yeah. That's how you gotta do it Claire. Real talk. Yeah. I'm just telling y'all what what it is man and what it can be.


Everything can work out just fine if you women play they role, they play they role. You got it made baby. Some of you women ain't working. All you gotta do is cook and clean but you still complaining. What is you complaining about? All you gotta do is cook and clean and sucks meat. What you complaining about? Because what you crying about? The next bitch ain't crying. She the next bitch. She don't know how she paying her bills right now. She going through it. She sag her wake up and down. Her kid frustrating her. Her boyfriend either dead or in jail. She just praying for a blessing. You got a motherfucking blessing in you throwing nigga away. You throwing in her wing. This guy on the street that you seen me looking at you.


That's what you want. That's what you want. That's what I'm going have off. Yeah you women got they back? Yeah I seen you looking at her. That's what you want. That's what I'm gonna have her. She gonna be in your position. I'm gonna help her legs up her neck. She don't think they can do it but I was sure all that motherfucker like I dig it, oiling up them Niels all that bitch your for 45 minutes way or another. I ain't know I could do all this. A lot of things You ain't know Goddamnit. I'm hurry repeat you. I teach you.


Do you hear me? I will teach you. Get your mind right. Thank y'all for tuning in. Tonight's show man. Peace and love. Blessing them out. The Volume


Something might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent who knows the home best. It's home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework


Bettering your business Takes Working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.