
This is an iHeart podcast, Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey There. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the point. Look for in-store tags on items like Pringles, Ritz crackers and chips. Slice soda, wonder buns and bread and natural choice lunch meat. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with Refresh Relieve of PF extra lubricant. Eyedrops offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes. Refresh Relieve of PF extra. Includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find Refresh online or in the eye drop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible


The volume. What it do everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Y'all already know how we like to keep things off over here. Hit the like button, hit the Subscribe button and when you do make sure you keep your notifications turned on Thursday night. How y'all feeling though? How y'all living tonight? It's Thursday night man. Let me talk to me, how y'all feeling tomorrow Friday? Some of y'all gotta go work tomorrow then you off the weekend. Hey, what you gonna do? You gonna hang around the house? You going to go out? I mean talk to me. You know what I'm saying? Let me know what's going on. You know we just got through watching the, excuse me, we just got through watching the New York Knicks be up on the Indiana Pace tonight.


The series three two now they won one 11 to 94 And let me get Sagus right now. The mafia is still alive. The mafia is not dead. It's still alive and it's still thriving in New York right now. Y'all seen that bullshit tonight? Pistols did not come out to play at all. I don't know what that was. Halliburton took self motherfucking shots off that stellar performance that he just had in game. What was a game? Four. You gonna come out and take self. Come on y'all. Y'all no good and damn well the people up there in New York bought this game. I think it was Ben Stiller, I think it was Gray Eyelashes and Tracy Morgan.


I, I think all the New Yorkers put money in on this game here because man I turned them had what, five points. Come on. Come on now y'all NBA y'all, y'all, y'all y'all really going to play on us in front of our face because that's what's going, they really playing with us in our face man. Everybody know they gonna go right back down nigga Indiana and end this shit in game six. That's exactly what's going to happen anyway. Bronson went out tonight, gotta give Craig hat 32 points card at the towns had 24, a newbie had 11, bridges had 12. Josh Har had 11 off the bench. The New York Knicks tonight had 60 points in the paint.


I mean you pretty much gonna win any game if you getting 60 points in the paint. But the Pacers never led, You know the Pacers never led this game. Like I said, Holburn took seven shots. Seum was the high score. He had 15 for them. The highest score was bigger. Dick Mc McFaren Bigger. Dick McFaren was the highest score for the Pacers and he came off the bench. But everybody know this game here with just just, they just like, they just took a flight up there and that was it. Like they knew they wasn't gonna win this game. Like they knew they wasn't gonna even play this game like this. One of the most boringest playoff games I ever seen in my fucking life because we already know Bronson and and KTown not going to do a motherfucking game.


Game six, we know that it's gonna be the same thing it was tonight in that game now and I'm sick of it putting my little old Betsy and shit and these motherfucking teams don't even show up. I ain't got money like that. I ain't got money like that. Y'all ain't no bullshit tonight but the series three two, I know I got some New York fans on here right now. Y'all lit talking shit. Oh we gonna win gang six. No y'all not winning them motherfucking thing and y'all know it.


Madison Square Gordon, we can't let them end. They on our court they can go back to Indiana and win it but they can't end it in New York. That that's all it was. Shit I took three, four naps during this damn game. I ain't lying. I took about three or four naps. Somebody say somebody patch just got picked. I believe it. Y'all let zesty ass cat go off You damn right cat zesty and I know he with Jordan like I get it Jordan, I get it but what the key at, that's all I'm saying call at the time. Yeah he with Jordan.


What key at what? Selling songs. What you wake big boy? I been there Hand troopers enjoyed Mul come here. I ain't be Look towns had what 24 13. Why watch Next game not gonna motherfucking thing. Fire trouble. Broon probably gonna go off next game but they ain't gonna win though. But that's probably what's going go on man. These people ain't America been playing in our face for so long trying to make us feel like sports You know it's like it's not rigged. This shit all rigged The we all know it now. We all know sports is rigged man.


Just simple as that. But don't be playing on us like that. Like we going to know like we really know like come on, how of sudden holler Brenda don't take but seven shots come. Come on man. Y'all be shaving point. I'm sick of you. Shaving point having that motherfucker man Vegas y'all need to quit this shit man. Vegas, y'all really need to quit this shit that y'all doing The man, how much money do y'all motherfucker really do y'all really need? I just left Vegas, Vegas making a billion dollars a day. All y'all hear me. Las Vegas is making a billion dollars a day. You gonna think the motherfucker make a phone call up to the New York. Hey tell Indiana goddamn hey I can't win this and that exactly what went on.


Yeah too much money been going on but I got something bigger than that that's going on man I'm mad and I'm embarrassed at the same time man my kids gotta go to summer school. Them motherfuckers fail first grade. How the fuck you fail first grade, all you got to do is learn fucking colors. That's all you gotta do is learn colors. Red, blue, green. That's it. I baby mama talking about they need more attention. No you don't. No they need, they need less TikTok. They need less TikTok is what they need. They need education.


My kids bri for the motherfucker but they dumb though. I'm just saying how you fail first grade, all you gotta do is take naps and learn colors. The teacher, the teacher going to tell me that my kids are having trouble identifying primary colors. That's what they told me. I say man maybe, maybe I said maybe my kids gifted in a, in a different kind of spectrum. Like maybe my kids see colors we can't see. Thetic was like well your kids are conia orange and yellow. Hell show show Taco Bell.


But them motherfuckers successful ain't they? I said show them Taco Bell. You know if it's orange and yellow but them motherfucker make much. That's I'm saying how fuck you for your first grade? I ain't pissed out between my kids between this rag last game here tonight. I don't even know what to say no more. I don't even know what's going on no damn more. I really don't. Y talk to me man. They need more books. They need more something. All they had to do was take naps and learn colors.


See nevertheless though man I don't shit man. I don't even know what to say no more man I'm, it is just this like shit going on out here too. See we can, we can, we can talk about what's going on out here right now. Last night I I, I was talking about the things that Donald Trump was doing, You know friend criminals and this and that and like I said I stand corrected. Like I said Larry Hoover still has time in the state to do. The motherfucker got 200 motherfucking more years done, done 53 motherfuck, didn't nothing.


53 motherfucking years. I'm still alive. What kind of niggas Mr. Hoover, Mr. Hoover ain't no regular nigga. No, no disrespect and I ain't saying Mr. Hoover ain't no nigga done done 53. That motherfucker was in there before Walter Payton was Peyton. Do you understand what I'm saying? Y'all Tupac was a year old when you win. Biggie was, biggie was a tadpole, puffy was a middle. The man done done 53 early.


Now I gotta come back and do another 200 and no way. How many men, You know women You know do 53 years in prison, 23 hour lockdown man niggas would've been unfolded man. Niggas been done hung theyself done, don't done whatever they could to get up outta that. That man steal standing do you that man steal standing 53 years, 53 years man got to give credit.


What credit do Yes he committed some crimes, this, that and the third but 53 years man that man is forgiven man. Come on a miracle man. What? Where's the heart of the man done 53. He ain't on that no more. That was in 73 times have changed that mother. That man they got, we got cell phones now we got computers now we got cars to drive theyself now when that motherfucker went in we were still riding horses in 73. Motherfucker was staying coaches and horses doing on in 73. Tell me I'm lying.


State prison gonna break him down. Hell he dang how much down gonna do to him? How of Mr. Larry Hoover? Y'all look it up right quick. How of Mr. Larry Hoover me talking about that state that time gonna break that man come on. That man can't possibly y nigga let this man enjoy the rest of his days on earth. Let him go out to the assemblies or whatever and do speeches and talk to the kids and and and stop all this crime and violence going on right there. He can do that the man enjoy the rest of his time on Word man. Real talk man. This y'all could do fucking 53 years he god damn man.


Who? 74 Shit man can't do no more time a miracle. Let that man out now Trump done mean motherfucker. Let him out. Let the man out man. I'ma tell y'all some real shit man. One time at my job man I used to go in late. I ain't gonna lie it dub used to be late then the motherfucker, I knew they were gonna fire me so when them motherfucker called me in that office shit I said man y'all know what I agree I can't stand y'all motherfuckers, I'm outta here dude said I'm glad you said that. I said why Said because we were just about to let your black ass go. I know y'all was but I wasn't gonna let y'all fire me.


Y'all got too much pride to get fired. I quit. I skipped about that motherfucking parking lot. I was sick. I got in my car, I drove down that goddamn road reality set in. I didn't have no JOB no more. I started crying real pills Nick. I was trying to figure shit out in the world. I was fire, I was irresponsible childish. I have a quicker job in a minute. I don't need that goddamn job. I'm, I'm good. Oh but when you can't go back home to mama and daddy you ain't got nobody to call on.


It's just you. You gonna have to figure some shit out. You gonna have to man up. So guess what? I stopped going late when I was and I got a job, I stopped. I stopped being late. I started being on time. I started snitching, took the supervisors and took the manager and took the bounces where they could trust me with this goddamn information I got. See I'm a bad son, y'all gonna stop cussing y'all I'm a bad son of. I go to one of my coworkers, they confide in me telling me all they business. I take all that and take it back to the boss and add a little bit more sauce to it.


So wasn't it time to get a bonus as I never get skipped over? Yeah she lot y'all like to go to work and run your mouth wanna be a show off. You gonna be a big dollar. You be the first motherfucker they lay off because of like me in there talking real talk. Say what you want about me, I'm gonna be employed, I'm gonna have me a JOB, some of y'all JOB, some of y'all can't get a JOB but you wanna work but some of y'all don't wanna work. Why? Because you're trying to watch that woman. You know about it.


There's somebody on my show right now. Y'all don't like going to work 'cause You know your old lady don't give that ass up. Well let her give it hell you gate keeping for get out the way you stopping her from growing nigga you can't stop what God got for her. Don't you even do it. Get out the way. So we all made mistakes right but on the up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen they admitted they effed up and I bringing back that OG cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti-pain for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here from T-Mobile. I don't know if you knew this but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, Chobani, Greek yogurt, Pillsbury Crescent rolls, cinnamon rolls and biscuits, Haagen-Dazs ice cream, Lindo chocolate truffles, Tillamook ice cream and Cove probiotic sodas. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wanna loose up to 15% of your body weight Friday's helps you achieve lasting weight loss. We combine GLP one medication with nutritional coaching, mental health support and fitness plans tailored just for you all included in one monthly price at Friday's, one price every month, all doses and everything is included. Getting started is simple. Take our quiz and get connected with a provider to start your journey. Friday's is certified by Legits Script so You know the medications are produced safely by accredited pharmacies. Check us out on Trustpilot with over 1,005 star reviews. Don't wait. Save $100 off any plan when you start on your weight loss journey today, visit join fridays.com and use code podcast 100. That's join fridays.com code podcast 100. Join fridays.com code podcast 100 medications will only be prescribed by a licensed clinician if deemed medically appropriate after a thorough consultation. Results are not guaranteed and may vary by individual compounded products. Are not FDA approved or evaluated by the FDA for safety, effectiveness or quality. Please visit our website for important drug safety information.


Tell me I'm lying. I got some people on this show right now. I'm watching the show right now. No I ain't lying to y'all. It's some niggas who can't go to work and do they job from calling home. Checking on they girl you got I'm, I'm tired to tell you when that thing down to get wet ain't nothing you can do about it. And I amm telling you what God look I be down, I've been through a wilderness. It's like walking up on a scene of a bad car wreck when you coming home to your girl and and another nigga ain't no running nothing making no noise Man you with my girl.


That wasn't the kind of nigga I can run and and do that to see my girls to mess with them real hills. I had to knock on my own door when that nigga was in my house. See it's all about respect. Talking of y'all on here. Hard headed shit wouldn't be me Doug. I wouldn't be you gonna all y'all men out in the world. You bad. You bad, you bad. You like to put your hands on people, men and women. You bad. You bad motherfucker with these you bad. You wanna do all this and that.


But with the goddamn police there y'all don't have the same energy. Why? I wanna know what is it about them boys and blue. They put fear in your heart. The hood around your homies Little Knuck Knuck the man he ain't scared of Don he got by his but when the boys roll up nothing, nothing, nothing to do with wrong. He I'm the type of motherfucker the I get behind me and nothing and mean nothing, nothing together we run.


He say you go this way and I go that way back but the whole time when I'm running I'm looking to see where he go so I can get the police the information. So when they do catch him and he write me letters fam, I don't know how these people caught me. I'm gonna write back God. God told him where you were. Fight you need, you need some rest. It's a lot of niggas watching my show. Y'all need some rest. You look weary Outy, you tired. I appreciate you for watching me. I love you But you're doing some fucked up shit out that nigga you're stealing.


Yeah you're stealing and it's a place for you Jake. Your then y'all wanna cry friend leave motherfuckers. What he at told y'all my cousin killed two people. My ain't mama. Them talking my friend never. I told my mama you go to church every Sunday. God ain't pleased with you. Want your nephew free. That nigga's a killer. He used to slap me when I was a kid and now all I said y'all want him free. I don't give him the chill. We in Texas Greg Abbot, God damnit I want you to get up out that wheelchair God damnit and give my cousin the child Greg Abbott ain't doing nothing but drinking now here in Texas and y'all know it.


That's a milk lo or drinking something. I remember when you went out down here in Texas, Greg Abby was in Denver, Colorado skiing with no leagues. Nigga ought to be in the genius world ruck. Call my grigg egg. Y'all know who need to be the governor today. Scarface. Hell Scarface from the bowl. Yeah that's what we need to be the governor of Texas. I promise you I used to get, I'm right the first log ain't going pass down here in Texas no more child support come you hold you nothing.


Damn lot of y'all nigga be going right down there to my favorite old spot down here InTown. Y'all be going to carroll you niggas still be going to Carroll 30,000 behind on child support trash. But you riding swingers though. You better ride about him because there nothing you gonna be riding so else and it ain't no selling on be big old cars pick one.


Trying to tell you Daffy. See go. I ain't getting age baby. Them niggas at Cairo is dangerous. They be inviting me. Doug come to Cairo Nip. I love it though. I love, I love at Frog and everything because that's where 'em old hoes at. You know them hoes who back in 98, 2005. Them ho going to Cairo now they old and wore out. Them the ones out. Don't nobody want your come here, come on hold papers. Y'all be fighting it. Y'all be whole be y'all whole nigga leg go. Some of y'all know y'all ain't got it no more. You see you still got the name when you still got the game but you ain't got it no more Baby get your old ass out the way then you get home and make some goddamn vegetable soup with crackles.


Yeah you gotta watch your diet when you get over four, five baby you ain't the same cholesterol different. Your peach thing more than ever now. Yeah you got to go get the laser now your regular wax don't get the hairs off like it used to. You got to go get the laser come here when you get older you gain more weight. All that picking you up and flipping you like I used to do in oh eight. I can't do it. No God mo I need you to lay down on your back like you on a stretcher weight on Red Cross to save your ass. Do you help me? I done got asked me was I still fucking my Baby Mamas Mamas when I'm sure I don't goddamn damn child support.


I go over there and give her me and I stir ain't like wrong and I mean that too. He don't going ahead first and me so when I can't make them child support payments I'm give nothing. Damn right. I am mind your business. But I love Barbara Lynn man. I mean I love Barbara Lynn to the point where, how y'all ever woke up two o'clock in the morning rubbing beay on a old motherfucker in her thigh. I did that but my emotion to stress that I, I'm the one had to do that for her.


I'm the one that had to have her roll out the bag in the morning 'cause her hip don't want to act. Right. I do all that. Her little punk ass son gonna tell me I can't come back out there no more punk out all that. I don't know who I am. I done got 75 people locked up. Boy I don't even play with me like that. I'm human. I put niggas in prisons. I put ho in hospitals and I do that. I run from fights from real niggas. I do that. I don't mind dialing 9 1 1.


I do that. I don't mind calling my pastor begging for two or $300 every now and then. I do that. Do that make me a bad person. Hell no make me safe. I'm a safe nigga. What they say? I'd rather be safe than one sire. And if you ain't trying to work me, what? Si This shit all make sense to you if you just listen what I'm saying will make sense to you baby. I'm just telling y'all some real shit here tonight. What's going on man? Just now toing into The Bubba Dub Show.


Thank you man. What took you so motherfucking long to come over here? Oh everybody is, I get it. You want to go check em out? I guess All good. You can check them out to check me out first. Damn yo. Because I don't just bring the rain, I bring the with the SunShot. Anybody watching this show right here tonight might be depressed, might be having anxiety, might be going through so much in your life going through turmoil. You going to know where your next meal coming from. You gonna know when you might get your next job. But just know long as you alive. God Got you baby. Real talk. Don't give up.


Chin up. Head up. Yeah. Get your posture right. Yeah. When you, even if you a cripple of blood. What's up cub? What's up Blood? Yeah. Get your posture right homie. Yeah. Get your posture right. Get your mind right. Let's get back focused. Yeah we, we kind of plague off a little bit but now let's get back focused. My people that's in school right now in college let's, You know what I'm saying? You, you home right now. You ain't, You know they gonna let school out for the year. You still need to be focused. You know you need to go ahead and get you a job. Yeah. That for your aid. Don't kick in like it po Don't only get you a job and don't even catch up. Yeah. So you can get your books. Get let's get back focused.


Let's start worrying about what Trump doing with everybody else and let's get back focused. Let's start worrying about who our Baby Mamas scoring. You ain't working no more. Let's get back focused. Let's start worrying about all these holes. Let's get back focused. We lost focus and I have too. So that's the reason I'm talking about it here tonight. Let's get back Focus. Hell we got bigger fish to fry. Yeah. It ain't just catfish, it's blue fish to hell. That's what we gonna do. We gonna get back in the groove baby. Yeah we gonna to get back in the groove man. We gonna take it over here to my arm so some baseball.


You know I told you I do the baseball thing now man. We gotta talk about baseball. This the baseball segment of the show right here tonight man. All right. We had a busy day man with baseball games everywhere. Like real Talk like baseball. We busy day like Waffle House at 2:00 AM Check it out man. My shit get back to, all right, here we go. Brave Vertical Phillies. They, they played two games day The Brave Vertical Phillies. There was two games a day on the doubleheader because why not lose two in one day game one Phillies beat the Braves five to four but game two it got real nasty. Braves beat them boys. Nine to three. Chris Sale on the mo. He was throwing number. He ate straight out.


Yeah on the mound. Ate Strikeout. Shout out to Chris Sale handling your business out there man. Then you got Theo Blue, Jay Russell, the Oakland a Theo Blue Jays beat them down. 12 or zero that wasn't even know damn Game. That was a wildness check right there for your ass. Me er it Cleon Hagg A home run and five rbis. Five rbis. Man the man was driving them runs like he was Uber east. Yeah, I better go check him out. Make sure y'all check him out on Prospects too. Earned Clement man remember that name man. Real Talk National. The rest of the America. Honestly the game do all the vibes of dudes fighting over slash slice of pizza but neither one of 'em had to injured. Finish the game man. Due to the rain and shit man.


That's my baseball tape for the day man.


Baseball picks Pull 'em in right now with prize pick right now. This show being presented by Prize Picks. Download, prize pick. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs right there man. You bet you it. It's more or less on your favorite player. Over on prize pick. Yo. Your favorite player man. It's either more less like earned. Cleon had five rbis so tomorrow he playing tomorrow night they might have him down for 5.5 rbis. You only put more less. That's all you gotta do. The pitch on Hugger had eight strikeouts. My boy Chris Sale next game they might have him down for 80 and a half strikeouts. All you gotta do is put more or less over that prize pick man you put $5 in they going to give you 50. Real talk to my people out there that's watching this show man.


And You know what I'm saying right now you are watching it. I appreciate it. But for the ones who can't watch it 'cause you at work, you can only listen. Go to Apple podcast, go to Spotify, type in the Bubble Dub show. Boom. There I am. I know y'all seen at the first of the show. I told y'all I'm gonna be in Tampa Bay June 20th at the Funny Bone grab ups tickets June 27th through June 28th. I will be in Greensboro, North Carolina at the Comedy Zone. Once again Greensboro, North Carolina, June 27th through the 28th. Two shows Friday. Two shows Saturday this Sunday I will be in Charlotte, North Carolina on the 29th.


Charlotte, North Carolina at the Comedy Zone. Two shows on one at seven and one at nine. Brag 'em tickets if you need help getting 'em tickets you go go bubble dub t.com right down at the bottom and y'all can find out while I'll be performing live on stage on my comedy tour. My comedy tour it's called I got motion tap in with your boy Moving on. Somebody hit me up on, on the hell no segment and this part of the show where we where I let y'all know if it's hell no or not. Somebody asked me would I ever leave Barber in for one of them young things. Hell no. I'm my old tender for one of them young.


I like, I like the old meat. I like the old meat. I don't like this new meat. This new meat ain't right. Y'all know ain't lying. You know y'all dunno how to wipe. They dunno how to wipe. You go down and taste that motherfucker taste like a bigger on palm ain't supposed to taste like no bigger on Pond. Huh? Not the ones I eat. I eat taste like they come from Arbery's. I been naming even as somebody that y'all talk to me tonight. Who on here eat Arbery's? I wanna know, I wanna know who keeping Arbery's in business.


Who on here watching this show keeping Arbery's in business? I wanna know somebody say old me stink. Oh my god. After Diddy dug. What you still get busy with Cas you got right and bring her to the family reunion too. Class reunion. I done all the reunion. I bring Cassick with Mee. I give her some Puff. Never gave hee ARBs nasty. Somebody say they love arb. See see everybody See some people like arb man some people don't. I just wanna know who keeping them motherfuckers in business.


It's all I wanna know because somebody keeping them in business. Nobody eating that trash. Arbery listen die ass. Who eating it? Somebody eating Arbery. I figure that the people who eat arbery eat ass. Let's do a poll. If people who eat arbery eat ass now my cake eating ass is good. Now if you haven't never ate no ass, you really might not be from this spectrum. Evil talk to me them chicken sandwich is good. Ar somebody say they love eating as AR is true. It's burger than McDonald's broken.


Somebody say shit I do but no ass being scared to eat. 70 women had roast beef between their legs and ain't nothing wrong with a woman having roast beef between her legs. Do you have them one of the best women in the motherfucking world. You see they been through something and them the kind of women I want. I want a motherfucker who been through struggle. I want a motherfucker who been through struggle. I want a motherfucker that can barely walk because when I leave a motherfucking ass I ain't gotta worry about it. That shit man. Do you hear me? Anybody that watching my show right now. I know I got some diabetic motherfucker watching my show right now. You motherfucker better start eating right.


The doctor done told your hardhead man you better start eating right. Most hardheaded nigga I ever seen in my world life damn die. I'm on y'all ass. I'm on y'all high blood pressure nigga asses too. I'm on y'all ass now come goddamn I need your hear need watching me every day. Goddamn. Take care of yourself. Stop bullshitting on him man. Yeah, never know when it's gonna be your time. Take care of yourself man. Real talk. Y'all take care of them goddamn dogs. How y'all coming? Them, them, them frenches. Y'all take care of them goddamn dogs better than y'all kids.


But you gonna take care of yourself though. Come on man. You want to get all the money, you wanna make all the money. You wanna keep holding the money up to your ear. God you better goddamn eat right or somebody else gonna be holding their money up to their ear. Somebody else gonna be having y'all dogs. You think these women just gonna sit around here let y'all nigga die and and and God ain't gonna have nobody else come in. Shit. You niggas know that. Now when y'all go to jail y'all nigga go to jail for six weeks and she already with somebody else. What's up? Sad b Spencer. What he do? Miguel? You know I ain't lying.


Doug stud still take your son to basketball camp. Yeah that stu. Yeah man I I think I told y'all that shit man. Yeah my son father still be taking him to basketball camp. Yeah my son, well my baby mama left me for a stud and the stud stepped in and, and been been ever bit of a man that I am to my son. So my son got two fathers, me and him. So it's all love on my end when I can't get there and take him, he Yeah. So it, it is, it is good with me man. You know IIII like the stu on the cool like studs, You know what I'm saying? She, You know what I'm saying, she don't be tripping with me and shit. Like she like she let me come over to the crib now I can come in the house now and You know we play dominoes and shit.


We jump on the madness shit like You know we Finn to get on that new call of duty when they come back out. But You know me and my me, me and my son follow I You know follow too Real follow. But shit, we got a hell of a relationship man. We gonna me, me and him me bro. We drank beer and shit like man man we we going suit shopping soon like man it's a some real fucking love over there with the stu man. So no disrespect to tending to the studs man I got love for stud community man. You know every now and then I hit one of them little motherfuckers like, You know what I'm saying? Just take them boxes off. Take that motherfucking muscle shirt out. Get yeah get in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah like that real talk.


Damn buy some jays and some timberman boots out, You know what I'm saying? You know just already because she don't want nobody to know that, You know what I'm saying? She's still a girl. I'm gonna to get it twisted. She's still a girl Cam and I get real. I can't believe you already on hard shit. I can't believe You know this kale rock wild I up in there and rock with that man. Shake with too. Yeah. Y'all thought Diddy was shaking? I'm gonna shake with too. Speaking of speaking of puff shit puff on his way home, puff on come home and I know how his in the closet niggas happy.


I know y'all niggas happy that been having relationship and fuck that's not happening And that's your business. Bobby Brown voice, that's your prerogative. I ain't got nothing to say ba do your thing man. Real talk. That's what's going on.


Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool ru sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's A reason why it's been the number one men's any purse print for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, Chobani, Greek yogurt, Pillsbury Crescent rolls, cinnamon rolls and biscuits, Haagen-Dazs ice cream, Lindo chocolate truffles, Tillamook ice cream and Cove probiotic sodas. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Y'all think I'm playing? I'm freaky. Yeah, I'm freaky. Some of y'all freaky too. Don't me saying I'm the only one Freaky everybody freaky in the world man. Shit what we do It's a freak fish going on. Find your way to do man. I need to get, I'm gonna be out in Jacksonville soon man. I ain't worried about it. I'm gonna be gone now. Shout out to Levi you sports talk. Join it for the first time from Ace time. Man shout out all my little league football coaches. All my little league basketball coaches. I'm coaching the basketball team this year. I'm sponsoring everything 'cause I'm sponsoring that ass for them parents come here. I not a lie, I don't want any child.


They got they father in they life on my team. No I want all the boys. All they got is they mama god damn. Commit. I got you. I got you. Y'all have a special place in my heart. The young men gonna have following y'all life. Y'all mother putting y'all in sports and she want a good handsome man like myself to teach y'all how to be real men. Teach y'all how to probably play basketball. Goddammit. Look no further here. I'm bubble do you. Aint anybody out there that want to be assistant coach, you can't do it on this goddamn team. I'm every coach all in one going to buy me a minivan tomorrow morning C 12 seats so the whole god damn team can ride with me and a parent too.


If she want commit, I'm gonna be getting off telling you Right. I'm gonna be doing my thug el. You guess what? We listening to the game then drink more mean. I like us. What my Drake fans said. I see Drake coming back. I Drake ain't never went nowhere. Y'all Drake, Drake, Drake, white boy. Drake ain't went nowhere.


Yeah Drake still him. Kendrick still him. Oh y'all thought it was war Never. They like to play on our intelligence. They like to play on our intelligence. Remember that Kendrick had a hell of a spike. Everything Kendrick touched on his goal now all of a sudden great done got 85% spiking his music again. Come on now they peel in them back way war. Come on. You know how it go. We made you we'll take it. That's why I got real love out here with the people.


You can't fake this shit. I got everything I got. It's organic all the way down to the hundred pack organic you dig. When you real with the people man you gonna get real results when you fake it with the people you going to get fake results man. That's why I always try to keep it 100 and try to be transparent as I can to be with y'all. 'cause lot of time I don't watch people and just throwing up. They like to play. They like to play on they fan base. I'm not gonna do that. I I treat all y'all with respect and love. 'cause at the end of the day y'all be paying a nigga bills man. And it is my job to come out here and entertain y'all and, and and put smiles on y'all motherfucking face and say shit that y'all want to say but can't say I see it for you.


That's what I do and I love doing that shit. So I appreciate all of y'all hitting the like button in the, in the comments and sharing my shit with your coworkers and your mama and your brother. Man I appreciate that shit from the bottom of my mother freaking heart man. And I'm working on my cussing too. I'm dialing down. Y'all see Night Dub didn't really do. I did. I'm working on me. I'm trying to be off self-centered. I'm working on me. If I'm working on me then you gotta work on you Now if I'm working on me to do better this and that, I need y'all to do the same thing. God dang it. That's all I need. Yeah. Told you we gonna laugh.


We gonna laugh over him. We might cry. We gonna talk about God we gonna talk, gonna talk about the, we gonna talk about it all but most of all appreciate it. Sigo. Kaba. Appreciate that. Appreciate that two hours man. Real talk. Appreciate y'all for tuning in tonight. Next game. When when the next game with the Knicks in the places. What's the date? Thursday So everything again was Saturday. Saturday That series will be over then Indiana will be ready to face the the Oklahoma City Thunder led by Shay Ant man at the podium. I know y'all seen Ant man at the podium somebody he wasn't mad and all this and that which is cool.


He young. He 23 I guess wanted him to know Man it ain't easy getting back to the Western conference Congress brother. You know it's injuries every year. They kind of ridicule you right now and and this and that but You know you 23 at the end of the day we all make mistakes but, but just no man. Life ain't guaranteed man. Life ain't guaranteed. Remember that man. Yeah you could be great today and Trash tomorrow and they go for me too but shout out the end. Have a hell of a year. Send LeBron them home. Send Jimmy Butler and them home. Lost in the wi come final say he gonna work his ass off this on in in the summertime.


I believe you And that's what great players do. You work when ain't nobody else. You working on your game man. That's what and all my artists out there. My comedians work when you ain't work you don't need to be seen work. All my rappers work, work nigga put the work in man. Nobody gonna give you shit. Keep telling y'all that. Nobody gonna give you nothing man. You gotta work. You don't work, you don't eat scrap business. That's what we doing. Revs helped the Knicks more definitely than Revs helped the Italian mob. I told y'all could tell your mob is still alive in New York right now today.


It's striving they steal money laundering, they still doing all kinds of shit up there. And I know some money laundering going on tonight up there in New York. I can bet you got shit right now. Ain't no way Indiana gonna come out and and look the way they look. Come on now. What's up Curtis. How you doing bro? Kareem what it do? Yeah man they trying to, they trying to tell us we stupid when we not man we smart us black people. We spend the most money in the world man. Just imagine if we saved it. Just imagine if we investig go or spent our money the right way, what we could do.


You know what I'm saying? We culture, they, they follow us with everything. They steal everything from us man. And all they do is give us a couple dollars and we good and they can have everything. Like I said, we gotta stop that old monkey ass shit. Oh I got this type of shit going. Let me buy and and You nah nah you not going to keep this shit. We trying to build a wealth. Anybody can be rich. I want to be wealthy like the walk hell like the wall. Yeah that's what big wealthy ass family. Yeah by dying though. All of them got built. Why can't we have that?


Huh? They ain't sold Walmart and they probably never will. Why wouldn't we get something? We got to sell it. Why can't we get this shit and let it go generation to generation to generation to generation. We so quick to get a quick buck. Oh they give 'em it's 20 million. If he was three more years you had that 20 nickel and more and more. Telling you all the truth and all this shit about Trump. He he he playing. Lemme tell y'all some real shit. I don't care nothing about that politics shit. But lemme tell you something man. It's real white man in the world hate Trump.


They don't like that motherfucker. Why? Because you can't control him. That's why I like him. He, he a renegade. You can't control that motherfucker. That's the first president that ever came up said he was going to release some JF King and this shit. Even though we already knew about it but he still did. Nobody done it. They like they was scared to do and Trump say fucked y'all. I'm the big book. I do what I want. I'm telling you the truth. Trump a wild coin. You when you talking about the door, y'all need to draft him.


Got them like that coming from Trump give a damn. He put tariffs on your ass. That's why I like Trump. He could be a piece of shit. He could be, he could be a racist, he could be all that. I just like him 'cause he speak up, he tell you what's on his mind. And for the last time my people, I'd rather a man tell me he don't like me nigga. Motherfucker who pretend they like me and don't ain't day all weak week. Now let that dissolve in your heart. Tell me some real serious night because I be saying too much crying going on the internet, Democrat public, fuck all that. We all guys people because I'm about this shit.


I'm trying to figure out how I'm gonna buy a goddamn corn of eggs. How I'm gonna buy some light bread milk. I got kids. That's what I'm trying to figure out to do. I gotta take care of the fat. Not no motherfucker in the office that loves shooting golf and playing and I do not. But I don't like it to smell like to if you get what I'm, you understand what I'm saying to you. I like a man me. I'm saying sometimes we gotta be thankful for what we got. Could be worse. Sometimes we look down our long noses and I knew, I know I got a long nose and a big nose.


I know I do man. Man I wish I had a so man you may not need that. So your kidney, your kidney failing. You ain't know it but you want that soul craving for it. You want it but you don't need it. A lot of us need prayer. So when you gonna believe in God so you gonna want the prayer but you need it. Some of you don't want a job but you need it. Nothing wrong with no nine to five. I wasn't doing what I'm doing now. If I wasn't in my purpose, I'd be doing nine to five.


Punching the clock, been there, done there ain't nothing wrong with You know, let nobody tell you there's something wrong with you punching the clock. As long as you go to work, you always got a goddamn check coming in. Long as you go to work, you always gotta a chick coming in. Whether child support taking it, whatever it is, you got a chick coming in. Some people can't say that. Some people gonna know what they gonna eat tomorrow. They don't know. So if you have that, be thankful and be grateful you are right. We don't know when to stop. We don't but we ain't never had nobody to teach us either.


That's the point because some of our parents wasn't taught right. You understand? And they parents wasn't taught right. So you gotta look at it both ways sometime bro. And there's no excuses. There's no excuses. A lot of our parents wasn't raised right, so how were they gonna raise us? Right? They won't. They done the best they could. Yes. I have no regrets about my childhood, how I was raised at all. 'cause I know how my parents' upbringing was and lack thereof. But when You know better, you do better. Yeah. Some of you right now probably into it with your people.


Some of y'all probably watching show probably into it with your mama man. Make that right with your mama man. You only get one mama not don't know y'all stories or whatever, but if you into it with your mama man, make that right. You only get one. You can get another woman. You can't get another mother. Some of you fathers out there that ain't beating your kid alive like you supposed to. But, but you, you, you really want, you want to get in their life, get in it. Yeah. It don't hurt you. The child might talk shit to your daughter. Whatever it is, do it whatever don't matter how damnit, go and make it right. Them, your them, your babies. That's your blood. You take care of that. They come from you. That's your means. That's your bloodline. You take care of that. Some people can't have kids.


You can't be thankful, be grateful, be understanding. God is just with us every time we do wrong. We ask him, forgive us. He forgive us. Why can't we do it for one another? Why can't you do it for your sister even though she lied on you? Why can't you do it for your brother even though he slept with your girl forgiven? We ain't say you got her life. I say forgive it, forgive her. You want God to bless you but you don't wanna forgive nobody for what they done to you. Let me say it again. You want the good Lord to bless you but you don't wanna forgive somebody. And God forgive us all for our sins. That's my time, peace and blessing. I see y'all watch The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chas and Company.


Hey There. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Pringles, Ritz crackers and chips, sliced soda, wonder buttons, and bread and natural choice lunch meat. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in-store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


You have A long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh relieve of PF extra lubricant. Eyedrops offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes refresh relieve of PF extra includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find refresh online or in the eye drop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


This Is an iHeart podcast.