
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they can achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into Breeze. HubSpot's collection of AI tools to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan, Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


What's good? It's Colline Wit and Eating while Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Laton, DC Young Fly Phone Thugs and Harmony and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday. Listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by State Farm. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


The Volume. Not my Dallas Cowboys. Not my Dallas Cowboys that kept that. Kept the game close all the way to the end. Welcome to the Bubble Dove. Show tonight fine up my per 30. Don't wore off. I'm upset tonight. Hit the light button while you already here. Hit the subscribe button and make sure you keep your notifications you keep them on and not do them. Keep them on. Dallas Cowboy came in tonight gained them one, two in a row. I don't know why I keep putting my damn face.


I why We got a love and hate relationship and here I'm, you know what, I'm gonna go back home to my to to my babies. That's what I'm saying. And they let down again. Damn Cooper ru. I don't know why you in the league. I'd rather swap you James 16 for 31 Ain't get you been quarterback for dollar Cap for the last four weeks. You ain't done a got bang you stinking nigga up. What the hell is they seeing in you in practice because we ain't seeing it. Got Trey over there de used him.


Cooper Rush throw the ball like he got two left arms. The boy just ain't right. I thought it was Jason Gary over there. I said hell well I thought Jason Gary retired. How they throw up quarterbacking again? It's Cooper ru his ass off the team. Stop lying to these players and tell them that they ain't quarterbacks they not he gonna a good head coach one day Cooper ru before quarterbacking never do I want, do I do what I him on my team? Absolutely not. Absolutely not.


I go and p Diggy sale right now and hang out with him before I let Cooper Rush quarterback my damn team speaking to Brother Digger. You finna get a sale Jay-Z come here. God damnit you come on. This is reasonable now though. But I'm just saying did finna have some lot more motherfucking friends up there and let me say this now everybody I keep picking on my good old black people, there's some white people that's been doing some bullshit too. All that shit finna come to the light. Us black people. We ain't, I ain't the, I only freaky mother because in the world I know some white people that's freaks and I mean Freaks sleeping with dogs and everything but we ain't even knowing that tonight we on sports.


Goddamn we had Joe Burrow what we wanted Michael Parson ball out tonight. You got every right to gig on your podcast tonight and call your team trash because that's what they're trash started with. My cornerback Trayvon did probably one of the best cornerbacks in the league. I can't tell. Playing 35 yards off the ball. You mother motherfucker scared of Jamar Chase. Is that what you telling me? You got scared of Jamar Chase. What you shoulda have been doing is pitching Chase as one of them holes you like he I shit Chase wouldn't have caught shit.


You think I'm bullshit? Put one of them IG models put his face on Jaar Chase body shit did. Who locked him up? Telling y'all the truth got bland back. He ain't done a motherfucking thing. Twisting and turning. Don't even know what a ball that bitch. Look ahead. I ain't nobody doing nothing. You damn right. Ain't nobody doing nothing. Rico dial the running back for the cowboy 18 s 131 yard. Give him the motherfucking ball. And I told y'all go show Dak when y'all showed Dak we started losing know why he coming to the game for.


He need to be practicing on his damn wedding ceremony. Shit, here we is five and nine went through the long summer months waiting on my football team to play again and y'all come out this season and don't do a damn thing. Oh I'm upset, I'm in my feelings. Go now Defense make us stand forth in 26 block pun. I'm feeling good. I'm finna jump on I talk shit. No we got a hero that wanna try to catch the block point and I dunno that young man name I heard he just came to the team.


He just signed on. Well guess what, it could be your last damn game. If I'm Michael Parson, that's the first person I'm swinging on in the locker room. Hey you me? Yeah Throwing them bitches. That's what I'm throwing. I'm throwing straight hands on him. He gonna be our team tomorrow. Cowboy have that game won y'all. I don't care what y'all say. Cowboy played a great deep, that defense balled out for the most part to hold Joe Burrow, Nipsey 27 points. Most teams can't hold them under 30 points. We held them to 27 points and steal lost.


They threw that damn ball Jamar Chase 35 goddamn time. Why we ain't throwing the lamb that many times? You know why? Because we ain't got no motherfucking quarterback. Who is that Jerry Wrinkle face Jones no more Jello for you P No more Bluebell, vanilla homemade ice cream for you P. No more getting ass either that that's day you better keep your wrinkle Pingers in your god damn pants from now on. I Jerry Jones you gonna d enough the 95 years you been on earth you gonna dunk another. Put that wrinkle shriveled up motherfucker up because that's what been going on at these parties.


Yeah you billionaire. It ain't your looks, it's your P folder and you know it had the game won, y'all cowboys man could have could went down in the end and finish this game but man mistakes after mistakes after mistakes cost. The Dallas Cowboy we are not a good team. And I know some of y'all thought I was done with the cowboy nipple. I'm gonna ride with them motherfucker I I'm gonna ride. I'm still a Buffalo fan. Both of my team lost this week. Damnit, I'm going through it baby mama calling she nigga $175.


She she won't get it this week because I lost it. I got a habit y'all I got a bad habit man. Betting on them boys. I can't get, I just, I don't going know. I'm gonna bet next week on even though I no they probably going lose. I'm still going bet money on them not my money. The plug money calling me when you going turn in never not turning shit in Christmas time coming. I'm coming over some of y'all house. Y'all got them little as Christmas trees up. Put that shit up. Them kids don't want that small ass tree. That's a damn plant you done got out the backyard. Look at my tree. What the ornaments?


What a presents at Y Women quit put them small as trees and get back to the traditional ways. Small as plant in your living room. That's a weed plant. Hey I'm, I'm tired of this shit. I've been looking at y'all rag ass old motherfucking year. Some of y'all build like upside down on strong strawberries all a sudden now you want try to put on them old ugly ass pajamas. You and your partner stop it. Y'all women been tricking us too. Making us think y'all have been working now.


Y'all wearing them wounds up on gun. They catch stink up under them. Stop one them fellas you start smell them under. They ruining the goods smell like rotten seal on meat. But she bad though. She funky though. That's what she is. Some of you fellas ain't ain't just talking about the women too. These women talking about you men too saying y'all ball stink but want some head nipple. You nigga got to start washing your body. You got to start washing up on your ball real good, your meat real good and start cleaning yourself. Jumping in the shower two or three minutes jumping down, putting cologne on. It ain't gonna work.


Your meat stink. That's why she don't wanna suck it. That's why she keep not the night job. Why not? You still got that funky motherfucker in her face. Stop it. Stop it Cis NGA Bengals. Y'all defense ain't really worth a damn either man. Y'all holding, y'all holding the Bengals back too. Y'all defense Joe Burrow now on the cool. Y'all should be in the playoffs. It's not the offense, it's the defense now Hendrick tonight you showed up and played tonight against the Dallas Cowboy. Can you show up next week and do the same thing because I ain't seen a quarterback connection like Jamar Chase and and and Joe Burrow since Randy Mouse and Tom Brady.


I ain't seen it. Have y'all seen it because I ain't saw it. Every chance Burrow get he throwing it to Chase. That's what you gotta do. But do we do that? Hell no. Hell no. We gonna do it. We don't even run game working. We want to start play action. Got Cooper Ru can't throw the ball for me to You hitting nigga in the turf. Get his ass out there. Kaepernick rolling over in his motherfucking bed right now but one of them sisters too. Y'all said what y'all want Kaepernick he got a bad ass sister on his team too.


Real talk straightening Con sister too. Real talk. He used to get it on Stove Done. Come on. Screw her about that straightening and con shit. I guess don't understand y'all my Dallas Cowboy fan, we done been through it. We been riding with him, been through the mud with this team man I I man I'm lost for word for night man. I'm thinking we going beat the Bengals. I'm finna talk shit. I'm finna call everybody. I know Super Bowl. It's something in the earth. I don't know what it is but I God and this shit here happen to me. Only shit like this happened to me man like messed up.


My parlay messed up. Everything it do man it man it hurt man. My phone gonna do not disturb by the way so I know who crawling me trying to get they little old money you ain't gonna get. I bet you y'all Y Lights like this when your team leave make you want make that phone call. I'm way and I ain't doing no motherfucking talking when I get over there so you can get your old son ass out my way. I'm feeling hell no business tonight.


Oh yeah I do anything for that cat. This chick I talk to her son Mama challenge. He can't he be stuttering. I be riding there talking right along with that stuttering motherfucker. Oh you really? You really take your time with my kids and dude I can't stand that no talking motherfucker but to get in that I'm gonna do what I'm do never where your at? Nevermind nevermind. She at the question. Why you ain't sleep? Why you ain't sleep? I'm telling of me to come over and do what I'm supposed to do your ass up.


I don't like that. You gonna get your dang glove from Lethal Weapon three face having ass in their bed somewhere and go to sleep and leave me alone. My name not Mr. It's in your Dove. It's my name. Call me seeing your dog. It ain't mr lot shit going on y'all. I've been telling y'all y'all. Y'all ain't been paying attention What's been going on in the world. They trying to distract us from something. I don't know what it is but they trying to distract us. Ladies and gentlemen if you white, black, Mexican, whoever you are start paying attention to what's going on in the world. There's a lot of bullshit going on and you gonna wanna be involved telling you right now.


My brother called me earlier today. Hey bro, police got me pulled over. Can you pull up there? Absolutely. This my brother, it's my fish blood. Damnit I'm gonna be there for you bro. I pulled up on the scene, police officer told me, sir, if you know what good for you, you'll get back in your car and you'll leave us alone. Shit that's my brother. This what I told my brother bro. You got this one on your own. I gotta go police ain't gotta tell me what one motherfuck time to get in my car and go I'm leaving because I done seen so many other situations not turn out so good. So I'm watching. I know what's going on and you ain't finna see me on the news now I might have been talking shit on that phone to my brother on my way.


I ain't know about what I was gonna tell them polices but when I got down there person I lied. I'm not doing none of this shit I'm talking about at all. Nothing but respect. Yes sir. Officer can I do a U-turn this time just to get out your way Officer? Yes sir. And yes ma'am and I'm officer. I talk all that shit on this internet too about them police. But when I'm in they face it's nothing but respect.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll but with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With Breeze HubSpot's collection of AI tools, you can pinpoint the best leads possible, capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, what describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Number one, New York Times bestselling author, Jennifer Ill Almond Trout brings you the first book in her flesh and fire series. A shadow in the Ember, born in the veil of the primal Sarah Fina's future has never been hers chosen before birth. To uphold the desperate deal of her ancestor, Sarah must leave behind her life offering herself to the primal of death. Sarah has always known that she is chosen an assassin until the primal of death chases away the darkness within her. A shadow in the ember available in print, ebook and audiobook where all books are sold.


Somebody got shot the other night. Everybody ain't saying nothing. Everybody playing that no snitch role. Not me. Police come to me. Did you see something? I seen everything sir. But I don't want to tell you right here in front of these people. What you can do is, what you can do is come around, come on, I'll meet you guy at the station or you can come down to my house and we can talk about what happened. People texted me, man they ain't gonna never find out who did that sick tomorrow morning at 6:30 AM break it. No, it came from me. I told them you damn right. I tell on you. See I'm not holding nothing back you them jets ain't worth a damn.


Aaron Rogers need to retire right now. They might as well let my my homie Jim Jones run the jet. Let him coach the Jets. Word gang homie. Yeah, yeah. That's what they need. Jim Jones as the assistant coach on the Jets. Bam. Power alive baby. You god damn right Tom, Tom and Fat Bass rolled over. They motherfucking gray yellow Bey rolling over in the studio right now. Rain Water rolling over in the studio right now. Studio Studio Studio.


Big t Plaza closed. It's a bad you're gonna be a cowboy fan y'all. I'm just going to be admitted. It's a down, you're for us. And I don't, I don't, I don't see him coming soon. I I I don't see it y'all. I don't, we in trouble. Y'all just face it man. Damnit we ain't a good team. We ain't, we just not a good god damn game. I I I, I'm lost for words to be honest y'all. I don't, I don't. All my damn team losing. That's what problem Lakers losing. Cowboy losing bill's losing. I, I damnit, I'm about to give up.


I'm about to give up y'all, I damn chiefs keep winning. No they they be cheating for them damn chiefs. I don't care what y'all say. They be cheating for the Kansas City chief and I'm sick of it. Tell I look around that damn zebra taking them down at the end of the game and winning the game. I'm sick of that shit. They ain't calling no hole and call or none of that when it comes to the Cowboy. We can't catch a goddamn break. I bet Cooper Rub breast belt like straight up turf shit.


Mike MCC Cordy can't coach y'all here. He can't coach one for damn. Keep putting Cooper Rush on these damn bootleg bootlegs and he can't even throw the damn ball. Well if he can't throw the ball, put somebody in there that can Don't make no sense y'all. It don't make no sense. Thank y'all for tuning in right now. If you getting out tuning in, welcome to the mother fucking bubble do show I'm upset right now. I'm upset to the Fuller because we supposed to win that damn game. What more do we supposed to do? Michael Parson Gas can't breathe, can't do none of that. But he giving, they got all they got but you got digs then you got Bland.


Them giving up all these damn yard then nigga and, and all that Ain't no way man. Ain't no, ain't ain't ain't no mother way. The Cowboys could be five and nine nigga do you hear me? Five and nine. They mean we ain't pretty good at nothing. Food don't taste the same. When your team little man the head ain't the same. When your team lose y'all, y'all don't understand the battle that I'm fighting. I'm fighting demons man. Because when I wake up in the morning, wherever I go I got this real about them sirens cowboy.


I can talk so much shit to everybody that I know. Oh you better believe this whole old last week I've been talking cab butter shit. Wait the Monday night we gonna show y'all what we gonna do. Nah, look at me quiet. I ain't got nothing to say. We don Juice and I No like you command the fans on here. You on here talking shit. Y'all not gonna do a damn thing either. You damn commanders ain't gonna do shit. You want me to? Yeah I'm I'm gonna be petty tonight. I'm finna name teams who ain't going do shit. Commanders ain't gonna do nothing. Packers ain't gonna do a motherfucking thing either. My Raven fans, you ain't going do a motherfucking thing either.


Aint your same thing. This sir don't happen again. My sugar talk about my 1995 last championship. Some of y'all teams ain't God Jacksonville Jag won when you it you motherfuckers ain't gonna never win. Yeah Sister N you won tonight but you ain't gonna never win. I knocked the goddamn cheese off y'all Cincinnati Bengal Chili do you hear me? I knock the cheese off the Cincinnati Bengals shit because you not the rudest chicken. I got mouth tonight eat goddamn cheese from Green Bay no more.


That shit dead them damn food stamp bread for allegedly getting, he don't buy Wisconsin cheese no more Because the chili is what y'all known for in Cincinnati. That's what you're known for. I ain't got nothing to hold onto right now but my, my serve Siping ass Texans, that's the only team that's been doing what they supposed to do this, this year is to Texas.


What you mean be your shit? Don't worry about the bills we gonna beat. We gonna beat the damn Ravens. I bet you that And don't get mad Raven fans. Y'all ain't the only one I'm talking about. It's some too. If you ain't the Eagles and you ain't the Lions and you in the NCI don't wanna hurt your motherfucking mouth besides the Rams 49ers. See Hos bad and cur Fers and I mean all my team lose Lakers. They won the night against the Blazer but they supposed to beat the Portland Trailblazer man.


God damn man I wanna win. I know Kobe would wanna win man. Kobe wouldn't be satisfied with this Lakers team right here man. Niggas ain't what for Damn Magic Johnson where your bad blood ass at? You can't make a call or something. We need brand Ingram. We need porn stars Zion with matter of fact who in here watch porn? Lemme tell y'all something man. Who in here watch porn? I love porn but it be them advertising for me you them commercials that that that cartoon who here be on watching porn watching that cartoon? That cartoon say hey we'll make you come in less than 30 seconds. They live, I came in 15 seconds.


I couldn't walk for five motherfucking minutes watching that porn cartoon. I getting out with Rabbit. I'm not porn. Y'all be seeing advertising popping up. You wanna come in less than 30 seconds. I don't, I'm pushing you. I'm saving money off this talking to y'all fine cost me more money. This ain't cost me nothing. I way get on that on that shit.


I be in the gang then I gonna be in the everything over him. We talk everything over him. We don't get talks boy we talk everything whoever come across my mind. What I'm gonna talk about, shout out to James Hard. What he doing for the Clippers right now? Ling need to retire. Yeah, I said Ling need to retire. You got porn tipping Dad, James Harden running that team now and they looking good bag as Denver Nuggets.


They going man that West man they West Summit still got thing over there. You got Minnesota over there. Shit. Golden State Lakers ain't got a motherfucking genius. Dallas, do you hear me? Shit still got the Kings. We ain't, we ain't built we ain't we we we we ain't built we we ain't got nothing right now man. We I'm I'm just being serious man. We ain't got nothing. The only thing LA got going right now is the we up there.


That's about it. Other than that for sports. No shout out to my Steeler fans. I gotta show y'all love. Bingos don't mean Ravens don't take it to heart man. I'm just going by what I've been seeing these last couple of years. I don't really feel like in the playoffs the Baltimore Ravens gonna give Gary Henry A. Ball like they supposed to give him. That's why I'm really not that confident in the Raven. Now if they gonna give Derrick Henry A. Ball like they supposed to then I can say yeah they can probably knock off the Chiefs but right now I don't see some Taylor Swift got going on in the air missing some Marvelous I be Taylor Swift, frost Sugar go down through that Oprah.


Where you being boo? I ain't seen you in a long time. Oprah, where you at? I need to see your face. Come here. I call Oprah. I call you think I won't lay up and raw dog Oprah Winfrey you a mother fucking liar. I give her to her anyway. She getting her pregnant. Give a damn she's 72. I get over with her pregnant on the first night. I'm going down throughout just necking. Same way Norby had risk. That'll be me and her shit. I know a good thing when I see one and I ain't gonna let it pass me by either.


Oh no Dub ain't gonna let nothing pass me by and just like you better not let this opportunity pass you by.


What you talking my fa talking my prize pitch. This who this show being presented by? Yeah first time used. You put the $5 in $50 will be in your account immediately and you're betting on your more on your favorite player more or less.


But Ville right now if you can't watch this show and all you can do is listen to my show, well go to Apple podcast or go to Spotify. Type in the bubble dub show and download it. Listen to me. I'm what you need to hear. I'm not gonna tell you what you want to hear. I'm gonna tell you what you need to hear and to my Dallas Cowboy fan, I'm gonna tell you what you need to hear. The season is off and I mean off. We ain't going no damn where. So you can go on and put that rag la barbecue pig up. Put that damn oak wood check applewood that you got. Put that shit back up for next year. Save that shit. Don't you put nothing else on that pit?


No damn mo people showing up to your house. They ain't bringing no silverware, no plastic place, no plastic cup, no paper towel. They ain't bringing nothing. But they big ass self. They ain't get over there and about the game. I'm gonna be the only motherfucker At my house complaining and jumping up and down. Sit your ass down on my couch. I still pee on that motherfucking couch and you jumping up and down all like you mad. This my house. Let me do that but but you keep going back and forth to the kitchen fixing plate. Motherfucker better told my daddy don't back.


I'm your father. That's what you say. You say I'm your son. That's what you say. But the right now I ain't feeling like that. Shout out to the VI and Sam dorm. Shout out to all the Great Lakes up there in Minnesota right now. I'm gonna give y'all, y'all do but y'all gonna do something play hell now I'm gonna give you your credit. I'm not going hate y'all having a great season with Sam Doggle, but I'm just keeping him 100 with you from the way I feel. This is all my opinion. You're not gonna do a motherfucking thing come playoffs. But if that's the, if that's the goal just to get to the playoffs and that's what you want.


Take it. I guess sometimes you just want a little something so I'm not gonna be so hard on shoulder. Hey man I hope y'all go all the way man. That let me be, I hope y'all go all the way because we, we, we sure we sure in the hell ain't. We sure in the hell ain't it hurting y'all. My head hurting y'all. Y'all gonna even understand man. I put so much energy and time and effort into them boys. Mine and mother. He knows what he saw and he's here.


You Y'all watch this show. This part of the show is called the Hell no said me man. Somebody asked me, well I started a franchise with Cooper Ru. Hell no, Hell no, hell No, hell no. That Jason Gary motherfucking wouldn't even be on my motherfucking team. What heck coach Wake up in the morning on Monday morning somebody I'm ready to go win with Cooper Ru not no damn body but that mother Bel strong squirrel teeth face. Mike. Mike McCordy. He the only way wake up with we got Cooper, we got a chance.


31. Y'all wanna, motherfucker can't complete the ball. These jam don't to somebody, even though it might not be his own team but somebody catching it. Me what I pay for A BBL on my, why would I pay for something you can't pay for for yourself? Shit, I want a flat stomach. Shit. Doing some powder and run around the lab. You lose all that flubber. I bet you and you women got some kind of motherfucking nerve be laying up in these men bed, eating them men groceries that they done providing for you and texting another niggas.


No you ain't your kids. Get out my motherfucking house. I'm pig. I take all my snacks out. Your daughter and son lunch kit and see you the fool. State him trash the other day. Go going. Going to that number 24. Number 27 for the Cowboys on that block. Put the hell was you thinking. Must have not been thinking well since you weren't thinking bye. You off the team. Boy. You're off the team. You had one chance to get it right in your, oh look, don't look at God now.


Don't look at God now. He can't save you. He can't. I'm going to bed, man. Thank y'all for watching tonight's show, man. Yo, I'm out. Peace. Some blessings. I'm out man. The Volume As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones.


Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth.


So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for. Give the gift of sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors. And they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select Jlab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the JLAB Blue box at retailers everywhere or visit j lab.com today.


Game on because ES ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus for bundle subscribers. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from EPN plus together like never before. With ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton Crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances, and with that comes a sense of Freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit Facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by your sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current FT members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.