
The Volume. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. You know we all, before I even get to where we going, make sure you go hit the like button right now, man. Yeah, I'm in the chat right now man. Go on and hit the subscribe button right now, man. You know I done did the Unthinkable man. Where my East Texas people at right now? Y'all come on in the chat right now. All my H Town family. Where you at? Dallas. Where you at? Chicago, North Carolina, Atlanta, New York, Santa Claus, the elves, the Rain deals come, come.


I told y'all I was gonna do it. I just didn't know when, but I knew I was going to be able to do what I'm finna do right here today, man. And I know y'all ready because I'm ready. You know I finna bring somebody to the show. You know? You know he one of the ones? Yeah, he three times Super Bowl champion too. Yeah. Y'all know who I'm talking about. Whatcha talking about Doug? I'm talking about unc. Yeah. We finna bring UNC onto the show so y'all get ready. We got a hell of a show for pop up here today man. And we finna go down through there. Make sure you in the chat right now hitting the light button right now. Make sure, make sure you already stir it right. Matter of fact, be stir this right now with your pastor, but that's what been, that's what needs to be going on sir, this week everybody, you know I'm feeling real good today.


I've been on that darn Julio too. My phone been ringing. You going live with you. Damn right. I'm everybody wanna call me now. argenx uncles sister and brother ain't talked to them negro in two or three weeks. All of a sudden now they see me figure go live with, they want to tap in. But I ain't mad at them though. I ain't mad at them door. But how y'all feeling right now though? So I bring him on. How y'all feeling though? Talk to me man. Really wanna know how y'all feeling man? Because I'm feeling good man. Feeling real good, feeling good about my Lakers. Feeling good about what my Lakers about to do. Even though they got bro down there half G Lee, half him, leave him where he at?


He's what? He's, I love what he's, what he's, he ain't aggressive. They need to feed bro James some firecracker pot or something. If I'm LeBron, I'm giving Bron, James firecracker pie, fora put a spark in Junior. Hey boy, you don't gonna shoot the bow. Come here and eat these cereal. Watch him go out there and do what he supposed to do. Feeling depressed. No need to feel the depressed, man. Hey, let's get ready. Let's bring on, on, man. Let's get ready to bring UNC on. Don't need to feel depressed, man. We don't need that right now, man. We don't need that. You Finn, to go ahead and start the show right now with unc, man.


Unc, how you doing dub? I'm doing good, man. Thanks for having me on, bro. I appreciate this man. I appreciate you taking the time out your bitches schedule to come on this show with me, man. We really appreciate it. But let's dive straight into it. UNC 2024, you started this shit UNC with Kat Williams. After that interview, after that interview with Kat Wig unc, how have your life changed? Man, everything about me. Everything about she, Shea, media, my life, my personal life. My business life. I couldn't even imagine it dove. If somebody would've told me during that interview, after that interview, this was what's gonna happen to my life. I wouldn't have believed it.


Now Kat did tell me, he says, this is about to put you in a different dimension. I like, okay, yeah, Kat, right? Yeah, yeah. I didn't even know, you know, I thought, look, I was hoping that we can get 10 million views, but I just remember after the interview, my producer CJ was shaking his head and he's shaking his head like, so I cover my mic and I look back at him. 'cause I'm thinking, I said something, Kat said something, we're gonna have to edit a lot of this stuff out. So I had no idea. And when I got back there, I said, what, what happen? He said, they're gonna be, this is gonna break the internet. I said, you think we gonna do the 10 million that we was hoping for? He like, it's going to do more. I said, well, what do you thinking?


He said, Shannon, they're gonna talk about this the whole 2024. I said, you think CJ is? I had no idea. Do I I'm talking about, I was in, I was in Cannes, I was in south of France, I was in Bordeaux. The people that walked up to me and didn't call me my name, they didn't call me Shannon. They called me unc, they called me Shea. And I could kind of understand in, in their, in their, in their accent the French accent. Kat Williams, KA, everybody, Kat Williams, Kat Williams. I had no idea this was what my life was gonna be like moving forward. You're like a rock star out here now. And I'm, look, you know, we got affiliation know we partners or whatever.


But when that happened, I had so many people hit me up, man, about, about, Hey man, you gotta, you gotta hurry up and, and and ask Unc, can you get on this show? I ain't thirsty. Lemme work and lemme be, I don't, I don't let the king with that Cat William interview on it opened up Pandora's box because everybody want to tell they truth. And my auntie, my auntie, the next week we went to church, she went up there and did a confession that she'd been sleeping with the past. Oh man, I'm serious because you Ka Williams. Hey, I tell people all the time, I don't know if six people gonna be able to carry my casket because I'm taking a lot of my secret. My cats are gonna be heavy as hell, Doug. I've taken a, I'm taking a lot of this itch to my grave.


Need a frame or a forklift to carry my casket. 'cause I got a lot of secrets I gotta be married with. Oh, not me man. Not me, UNC. I talk, I pillow talk with him. Unc if's something on my mind. I oh, I'll be pillow talkers. I'm not lying man. I can't do no crying. But you did dub hell, you going dime me out. Hey, I, you, you see I these rappers going to jail and you than me. I'll be home in two weeks. Oh, two weeks. I have never been here. I'm, hey, don't even worry about nothing. Let's keep this thing on the hunch, but I got this info for you. Name Dave's receipt. Hey, what we planned. Hey, I got the diagram how we drew it all up. Oh no, I can't do one day incarcerated.


I tell this story one time I was supposed to be in jail a month. I called home, my cousin answered my phone. He ain't never been to my house. I knew then I was coming home because he ain't, oh dear. Now guess what? Guess what? Now we trading places like us because I'm home. He ain't there now. I had to give rid of unc. Let's keep it moving uncle. Lemme talk to you about this. Everybody always talk about going to the Super Bowl, playing in the Super Bowl, but how was it leading up to the Super Bowls? Because you won three. That's the best part about it is, is the journey not so much the destination. Yeah, I remember growing up as a kid and wanting to be play in this game, but it's the journey. It's the, the starting out the off season.


It's the training, it's the mini camps, it's the training camp, it's the, the the process game by game, step by step. And you can't skip any steps. Dov. And you know, the, our first Super Bowl, 'cause the year before we got upset by Jacksonville who had only been an a, a a, an official NA team for two years. They'd only been in the league since 95. And here they are, 96 we're the overwhelming favorite. We're 13 and three. We got like 10 pro bowlers. We got a bunch of all pros and they come into our building and they beat us. And I was like, well damn. And I, because that was like my sixth or seventh year in the league. I'm like, well damn it took us that long to get here. I don't know if and when we gonna be back in this situation again. And here we are the next year we had to lead, we were having a great record.


And then we go on like a, a two or three game losing streak at the end of the season. And so we lose the division. And so now we've got to go on the road, we get Jacksonville back. So now Mike tells us a story about he got word that once the Jackson, the Jags found out they were playing us after their game, they were celebrating like, oh, we about to do this again Doug. We open up a can on them. And so now we got to go on the road. We gotta go to Kansas City. Kansas City had just beaten us three weeks earlier to win the division. We beat them. We gotta go back to Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh had drove us earlier in the year. We beat them. Now we get Green Bay, who was the reigning Super Bowl champs.


And at that point in time the NFC had won 14 straight Super Bowls and they hadn't been close other than that one that Buffalo lost their on the field goal. All of 'em, you remember, remember 55, 10 45, 10 35, 10, none of the games were even close. Man, Dov winning that game. You realize, you realize what it takes in order to win that game. But then once you win that game, nothing else matters. Nothing else mattered. That's all you play for. That is the drive. I didn't care about Pro Bowls. Yes, pro Bowls and all pro, that was great. A thousand yards.


That was great. Leading the team. That's the drive that you want. You want that because once you win that Super Bowl, you go to the Pro Bowl, everybody address you as champ. You the big dog on the block. Now everybody's like, man, and then, you know, we trade helmets. Everybody want that Super Bowl helmet. Everybody want the Bronco helmet because we are the champs. Man dub. If you play, if you play a sport, a professional sport, your ultimate is what the World Series or the NBA Fi finals championship or the super. Once you get that feeling, that's all that matters. Dov. That's the only thing that matters. Oh man, I tell me about, you know, I ain't never played professionally or nothing like a college level, but in high school, you know, I played, you know what I'm saying?


I played, you played what? I played wide receiver. I went across that middle and never win again. I quit. I joined the damn band. That shit ain't for me. Dub you from Texas. They play real big boy football in Texas. I ain't, I ain't big though. That's the problem that, that's my point. You, if you from the southern states, you from Georgia, Florida, you from Texas, you from Cali uk man, we play real foot football. Is is the rite of passage. That's, that's a birthright that if you come up in the south, you got play that you got to be about that life. But you know what, I always said this too, because it was a lot of players on my team.


They needed football way, way more than I needed. You know what I'm saying? Like, so I was like, you know what, I, I ain't, we ain't rich. You know, we, we, we, our family didn't have no money, but we wasn't just in poverty like that. Right? So there's a couple players, I mean they, they playing just to eat and I could see it in they eyes. I'm like, nah, this ain't for me. Let me go with basketball. Yeah. And, and, and play something like that. But no, we were in poverty, Dov we were in poverty. That was our way out. That was the only way. 'cause the only thing that not me and my brother, we talked about, my brother and I, we really didn't talk a whole lot about women. We didn't talk about a whole, the only thing that we, he and I talked about, and I remember we used to go into the branch, we used to walk across the, the dirt road and go down the field and young pine trees, they call 'em saplings.


And me and my brother would bend a couple of 'em down and we'd be sitting on them. And my grandma used to always tell us, don't y'all bring them damn red bugs back because the red bugs be on the trees. Yeah. And we would just sitting down there and we'd always be thinking, man, man, what gonna do, man, I wanna play in FL saw on and they making man a, I remember going, I was working 12 hours Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, a half a day on Saturday and make $30. Damn. So $30,000, $50,000, a hundred thousand dollars. Man, that was a million. That was $10 million to me. And then we caught, so like we have up until from the fourth, from like the third grade all the way until the eighth, until my freshman year in high school, we also caught chickens for the Claton Porsche plant.


And so we got paid a dollar thousand. So we go to a chicken house and we catch 14,000 chickens. And it was like eight of us. We catch 14,000. That's $14. And so that's how we supplemented. And I've always thought of myself as a, a provider. So I would make, you know, we, we work Sunday night, Monday night, Tuesday night, Wednesday night. And then that would be, that's decent money. And I would always remember giving my grandmother $10. I give my grandmother $15, give my grandmother $20. Because in my mind I, if that was a lot of money, she could buy groceries, it would help pay a light bill, it would help pay a phone bill. So that's how I was wired. And so I just remember growing up like I'm going to the NFL.


That was the only thing that I thought about. And I dove and I tell people this all the time. I ruined a lot of relationships. A lot. I probably should have been married. But you sacrificed if it interfered with, if it, if it interfered with football friends, I let friends go because if you're not wired, like I'm wired. If you're not, I, I had to let it go dub. I had to let it go. And, but I don't, I, and, and I told people in my, in my Hall of Fame speech, I'm not here to apologize for that because it got me here and it got you something that you never would've enjoyed. Had I not been as Dr. Driven as I as I am. But dub that was, it was life for us. Because I remember growing up eating what I ate, you know, drinking well water.


We had a well that we dripped the bucket down just like you see in the forties and fifties. I know you had that in the eighties. My grandmother had one of those old time that you pull water and you prime it and the water come up from the ground. Now sometimes you have a drought. There was no water to beat. No matter how deep you dug, there was no water. So we didn't have to go fill up 55 gallon drums, put from the convenience store. That was our drinking water. That was our bathing water. And so I just knew the way I was living. I didn't want my kids to spend one minute in that life, let alone a year. And so that's how, and and I tell people, I I, I, I remember not really, I've never showered in a house until I was like 20.


I went to the, I went outside, not, not outdoors. We found the woods. So it didn't matter if it was raining, you had to go. You had to go in the rain at night. The mosquitoes, everybody know, if you live in the south, mosquitoes are bad. We have bug spray. We try, try to spread it around and try to go as quick as you can. But sometimes it don't worry. It take you a little longer. And the mosquito like, yeah, we got one to take bro and correct. And they, they, they, they drill little dub. But I just, and that's, that's how I'm wired still now. And people like, well Shannon, why do you work so hard? Because I know what it was like back then. And I ain't ne I'm not going back. Large will he gave me this drive, this discipline, this dedication. I'm not going back Dov and I'm not gonna allow anybody to take me back.


I rep, I feel like. And another thing, Greg, as you was hall of Fame, as you was, as you say, big brother was colder. He was big. Bro was colder. He, he was up. But you know, the, the the greatest thing that he did for me is that what he had, he allowed me, like, I remember he got a a M three BMW and that's probably before your time. But they had this M three BMW had a sports package, had a spoil on the back. He would let me get it. Mm. Any car he had Now at the time, I had really never, I mean I drove and driven a tractor and things that had ma had manual transmissions but never had car.


He left it with me. He said, well you gonna learn to drive on this. Well his car was like 35, 40, $50,000. Oh you stunned. He said, learned what? So everything he had big body Mercedes, let me drive it. Porsche nine 30 str let me have it. And so he gave me enough because he know, he knew that I wanted to be just like him. And if he let me have it for just a week, he said, my brother gonna go get that. He brought me to his house. First time I had ever seen a, a house with a garage. So, you know, he hit the button and he got a three. He got a two and a one. And the garage, the guard, the stalls go up and I'm looking in there and I see, I see a, a sic porsche, I see a big body Benz, I see this.


And on the wall, I still have one of those. There are these things that you got from Spencer's, which is a novelty store dub. And it had justification for higher education. And it had this big old house and it had leading down from the, the water, it had this five car garage. Man, dub man, I saw that. I saw what he had. I wanted it. I had to have it. And I thought I was working hard. But once I saw that I went to overdrive. I, I was possessed to get that. I needed that, that was gonna get my grandmother, my sister out of that.


My sister hadn't worked since she was in the early twenties. My whole process was, my grandmother had worked at the nursing home where she ended up spending the last coup the last two years of her life. The buried nursing home that she worked at. She was in there. And the lady that she, that she used to clean, 'cause my grandmother used to was a maid at the nursing home, was her roommate. So the lady had been out there, my grandmother had started working out there in the early seventies. That lady was still there. And she was my grandmother's roommate until my grandmother got really sick and put her grandma and put my grandma in her room by herself. But man dub all my, all, the only thing I've ever wanted to be in my life was a professional football player.


The only thing I ever, ever really wanted to do was make my grandmother proud. My proudest is not the hall of Fame and it means a lot to me. So I don't want to diminish that. I'm meant a lot of Hall of Fame, Georgia Sports Hall of Fame, Colorado, the division two Savannah State, Savannah State retired my jersey Glenville High retired. My bro, me and my, me and my brother's jersey. 'cause we both wrote a number three. But when people, when I go back home and people used to say, Mary tell my grandmother, mayor, you did a great job with them boys. They so mannerable is yes ma'am is no ma'am is yes sir, it's no sir. That was my grandmother's proudest accomplishment. Not, she put two boys with a, from a two stoplight town with 3,500 people into the NFL and they making millions.


That wasn't her accomplishment to have people say, Mary, you did a great job with those boys. My grandfather died. I was in the third grade. My, we had no really, my brother became my dominant male figure. And from that point on, I used to have a smart mouth. I got to about nine years of age. And then I just realized it dawned on me one day what my grandmother had actually done. She had raised her mom, her three, her nine, and then she took my mom's three. And there's no doubt in my mind I will go to my grave believing my grandmother loved her three grands more than she did her own. Mm. From that point on dove, I never gave my grandmother any problems. I never gave her problems. When we were in high school, we play a ball game, the coach would take me home because granite was home alone.


My brother was in college, my sister was out dating my nephew and my grandmother was at home. I'm going home. Hey sharp, you go, nah, I'm going home. I'll see y'all, I'll see y'all on Monday. Hey, I go out for a little while, Saturday night, walk the streets with my homeboys. We laughing and talking, you know, had to make that run. You know, I had to do a little something, you know, I had, I had to shake the covers full dark. Oh yeah, you to the full dark because dark come in, I gotta get back home to granite. So I was shaking the covers. But man, Dov, that was the only thing I honestly, I can honestly say being there and, and, and, and, and, and and taking care of my grandmother and making sure everything was okay. And that was, and I just remember going to college when I left for college at Savannah State in 1986.


It was ju it was like a ju like the late last part of July, maybe the first part of August. And I'm getting ready to leave 'cause the, my teammate, my high school teammate, he's going to Savannah State also. And he and his mom picked me up. They blew the horn. Now I got two grocery bags, Winn-Dixie shopping bags. That's my luggage. I got everything that I'm gonna take to Savannah State. My shoes. I got a couple pair of jeans, I got a couple of Izod shirts, my toothbrush, you know, I got some ivory. So that's what I'm going with now. I'm thinking my grandmother's gonna get up out the bed 'cause she can see me as I'm walking. 'cause her bed is back like right here. And I gotta walk past the walk out the door. I'm thinking my grandmother's gonna get up and say, Hey baby. Okay, make sure you get, hey, get up there.


Call your granny. My grandmother never said a word as I walked out the door because she has spent 18 years of her life trying to instill the right thing for Shannon to do. She didn't tell me to go iron my clothes. Shannon don't drink Shannon be respectful Shannon do your homework. She said, I spent 18 years telling you that another 10 minute speech now I wasn't gonna do you any good. I walked out that house. I left that house that at the minute I walked out that house. I was a boy in that house. The minute that screen door with the screen punched out, the minute that door closed, I was a grown ass man. I thought as a man, I didn't think of a child anymore. I didn't think of a boy anymore. 'cause I was going to Savannah State for two reasons to get a degree and go play in the NFL dub.


I didn't know which one was gonna happen first. But I knew they was gonna happen. I walked out that house, a grown ass man. I thought as a man, I did things like a man. I needed to make Bear Porter proud. See that's what I like, stuff like that. But my, my my, my upbringing was little different. I knew I wasn't gonna go to the NFL. I knew I wasn't gonna be to the NBA. I knew I was gonna be a hall of famer and I'm a hall of famer of eating As so you, I I'm bad mother. You, I'm telling you. That's what, see you ain. Fair Hall of Fame. That's true. This was my calling. This was my calling. Huh. Now you know a lot of people ain't gonna be with it. A lot of people gonna be with it. I'm just telling you my story.


That's my hall of Fame. That's first night I trust. No, I I trust them. Dub dub. You speeding. You speeding. You ain't got no seatbelt on. Don't you got one of old cars that ain't got no seat belt, got no seat belts no airbags or nothing. I mean, don't you wanna get to know No for what I God say we ain't gonna be on this earth this long. I ain't got time to time spend my, unless I know everything about me, nothing. Oh Lord. Oh, I got to get it in and get it out. I thought, I thought like okay, maybe after like a year white, that was something that you build up to Bill.


Ain't no way I done took you out to eat you back in the car. I had this one chick uncle. I ain't gonna lie. She say do I'm be hungry. I don't sleep on the first night I rolled our ass around past 12. It's a new let's get to it. I ain't had that kind of gas do. But but do see, and there and people laugh, bro. When I grew up there were, there were some women that as the old people used to call them, talk about they were loose but girls wasn't giving it up on no first day. And, and, and I'm telling Ocho and Ocho be like, oh who you? I'm like, bro, I don't even know how to ask bro. So I just, hey, I'm always like, hey, hey, they need to start taking their clothes off because I ain't trying to take nothing off.


I taking my clothes off going to bed. Yeah. But I, I'm taking off my clothes, clothes to change to put my sleeping clothes on. I don't even know how to ask. I wouldn't even know how to ask girl for no sex on the first night. Dog. Shit's my specialty. Shit. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm letting that know off the rip during the text messages because oh see you, you work out, you know NFL you, you know you wo I'm not, I'm a BB n I'm a bad built nigga. So I like the league of lights off. If a female cut the lights on the relationship off. Don't you cut them lights on in my high because where I'm from might be roaches. You know like no roaches going when you cut the light on they gonna scour. Yeah. Yeah. So I like the league of Lights off for a reason to hide my bad built body and my roaches dog.


Duh. Oh. She think it's unc. She think unc, she think it's me tingling holding my finger. It's them roaches. You touching me everywhere. I know it. That's being some of my homie. That's right. But see you got it. See you driving around that big boy, you got that big rr so you know they straight. You straight. I ain't got that kind of bread do I ain't got no rr. I'm falling in your footsteps. I'm kind to be like you. I ain't got no Rolls Royce. I got a nice car out there on. Look, it got big rims on it. It is knives, candy paint. But there ain't no mold in it. I got a big wheel too. A big wheel.


One that rough. You pedal man. I ain't got no bread like you dub. I got no, I gotta try to save my little bit of money. You be Huh? You gonna be tricky when you take out on a day though. What, what you spend, what's the date? What you spending on a date every day? 300. 300. Oh you rich. I think that's a good date. What you take it? I take my, I take my steak and shake do, I mean if I get, if I get a a 50 or $75 steak, she get a 50 $75 steak. I don't drink unless it's my cognac and I'm at home. I don't really drink publicly 'cause I'm driving. She go a drink or two. Let's just say each drink is about $15. That's 30. We at 180.


My, my ginger ale ain't gonna cost for like, like $7. That's $14. Maybe we get some sides. I give three. I give 'em $300 plus, you know, let's just say the meal costs 202 2 25. I go ahead and make it easy to give the rest of it, to give 'em the rest of them tip. And then I get a valet 40, $50 for the a car. So I'm out three 50. Are you expecting something after you spend that? Most of the time they, they take Uber. So they going, they way I'm going mine. I ain't so I ain't even, I ain't even, I ain't in no situation. She come. You right here, right here. I ain't got no baby.


If you ain't got no baby sugar, you can't come to eat. I'm not going understood right now. All that. Hold on my mama text me something wrong with my son. Let him die. Come with me. Let him die. I got get this in. Come on Dub dub. Hey what about, what about you say, oh hey so are you gonna be free tomorrow? And they say, well I'll see you tomorrow, tomorrow promised. Ain't that what God said? Tomorrow's not promised. Come on, lemme hold. God has been good, been good to you. Right. So you know, normally I'm a, I I you know I get, I get to home base too fast.


Right. But guess what? Them little sparks you put me on too. I been getting off. Yeah, them sparks I been getting off. They the truth. Hey do them sparks man not had no sparks one time. So I got up to go to the bathroom, you know, wash myself off. I come back, she looked at all in the closet. She looked under the bed, she all in. I was like, whatcha looking for? He say who helped you? Because ain't no way no one man did this kind of damage. I said that's all mean sparks. I thought fired from a do I know you did. I know you did.


You hey, because women know the difference between regular Ps and, and and, and and and some souped up pins. They know the, the difference. Yeah. Yeah. The brick hard hardly the two lift that thing a that thing like the, like the times of 29 very hard. You have that prom wood, you know, everybody know what that prom is man. So, but I say you better than me because like, you know, if I'm taking the chick out on a day I'm spending three, 400, man, you know it's off the rip. Ain't no going no separate ways. Ain't ain't none of that. You coming with me for the rest of the night.


We going enjoy ourself and then you can go your merry way. I think that's, I think that's law. That's a law on guy be nah dub, I'm dub you get to point, when you get too big, you get to dub you getting to a point now you got like, I, I'm like this is how I operate. Dub no means no maybe means no Yes means no tomorrow. So I'm gonna be 1000% category for certain. You want this act to happen. You think if, if I'm, if I'm kissing on a girl and all of a sudden she say no lights on, shirt on, let's go. That's cool. Yeah, automatically. But she ain't, she don't say they, oh well hey mm, I can't take no shit sharp.


They gonna do whatever you want nigga. No they ain't gonna do it. Hey that's okay. Hey I'm good. I, at this point in my life, I've been told no a lot and I'm okay. Me too. When they say no, it's, it's okay with me. Ain ain't no no more for me because I'm letting them know I'm the real, you ain't never had grape sober like this before. You ain't never had grape sober like this. Moving on, let's talk about this. What's your craziest fan experience you ever had? Me as a fan or somebody coming up to me? Somebody coming up to you Man, it's just, I mean now do you rockstar now?


I know, I know it. I mean in the airports, I mean now the people that it's, I still, you know, like you said Dov, I played 14 years in NFL. I like to think I was a pretty good player. I got a gold jacket to confirm that I was pretty good won, won some Super Bowls. But the celebrity that I've experienced now, you, him, you, him. That thing is Bel If, if somebody would've told me that this would, it was gonna be like this, I wouldn't have believed it. I'd say, how is it gonna be more, I'm gonna be more of a celebrity now and I'm in television than I was. And I get it. I'm on television. People see me a lot more now. I'm on ESPN. I have my own thing with Club Shehe and Nightcap and that name and grip I guess because they get an opportunity to see my face.


Now Dub I don't have the helmet on. I don't have all the pads on. But man, I mean the fans, the fans, the fans are, I can say this, the fans that you meet in the street dub versus the fans that's online, that's different because I don't get any of the, the vitriol and all the, the, the snide and comments. When people see me, they give me love. They take pictures, they be, man, I'm so proud, you know, they want me to talk to they FaceTiming people want me to talk to their dad or their mom or their their brother or something. The husband. It's just all love. And it is, it's great that not only my people, 'cause my community really shows up for me, especially when they see me out.


But white people that give me respect and talking about a club Shehe and we watch you at OCHO blah. It's just, it's it's, it's been, it's just been a great experience. It's been so great. I couldn't have believed. I wouldn't have believed it. And it's awesome. I'm not on your stagger, but for me, when they come up to me, them niggas be, want me to do standup. Come in Walmart al eight, like right there on the spot. Be funny though. And you better be funny too. I'm like, come on man, buy a ticket to a show or something. I'll give you a show. Yeah, nah, do it right now. Do take trash right now. Then they, they pull out their phone. But look, I love it. I don't never turn 'em down because what got them, you know, I wouldn't be in this position where I'm, you know, it's the fans that, that, that drive our names, you know, through throughout the world.


And you know, when I, I was in Buffalo, I went up there and holler at my young bull Ke Coleman and white people knew who I was. Huh. I mean it was just like, dang, this is, but you know, the first thing they say though, and you know, oh that's brother do. Hey, hi is Shannon. That's the first thing they say. Black people say white people say, hi, is Shannon. Yeah, good you cool guy. Do A lot of times when white people see me, is it okay if I call you up? Like sure. But I'm like, I'm thinking to myself, you older than me. We could be brawls or something. I, I'll be, I I know y'all didn't know situations. I mean there are some situations where, you know, sometimes the person is younger than the actual uncle.


That's a situations like that. But nah, it, it is, it's, it's an unbelievable feeling do, it's an unbelievable feeling to get the love and the respect and the appreciation that I've received since I've kind of been on my own. Once I parted ways with Fs one, you don't really know what's, you know where your life is headed. I didn't know E-S-P-N-I had, you know, talked to Stephen a but I didn't know that they were as interested as they were. And so I did the one year deal with them. I was, but I was gonna do my own thing. Shahe Media, I was gonna do Club, Shay Shay, me and Jamie Horowitz sit down and concocted an idea and came up with a show called Nightcap, pitched it to Ocho.


He was in from day one. And the rest is, as they say is history. Everything that has happened after that has been nothing but, but nothing but a blessing. Yeah. It's funny you were saying that while ago when Olga, people calling you that that's how it is with me now. Like, my, like people older than me, like my uncle older than me, but he calling me big homie. Come on man, I ain't your big home. But you know the, you know the Fame or success they think you have or they, they look at you like that. Now every time I call big homie, like I'm, I'm big homie. I'm your nephew man. Yeah, that's, that's the thing. 'cause like when I see, when I see my homeboys, you know, bucket and burns, they like homeboy you are the same, but everything around you has changed drastically.


And to, but that's, to me, I try to stay as level. I try to be the same guy that they met 40 years ago. I try to be the same guy they met 30 years ago. Yeah. I understand my circumstances, I understand the situation that I'm in now is a lot different than, than, than it was then. I understand. I have to act accordingly. I can't do, sometimes I forget that I I'm who I am and you know, the Laker game, not withstanding, I forgot I be bad. I I really truly forgot that I was at a game. But hell, I thought I was on the corner just, just August-ish. You were going o you were going o ooh that I ain't gonna lie.


That wasn't, that wasn't my proudest moment. Like I gotta like being at games after going to basketball games and you see these guys and the way they shoot the ball and the way they do certain things, you have a greater appreciation. I I think you have a greater appreciation. Excuse me. When you see a a, a particular sport in person. You go to a basketball game, you go to a football game and you go to a baseball game and you see these, these athletes, these prime, even WNBA, you have a greater appreciation for the athlete that's involved in, in, in said sport. And so yeah, I, it it, i I I definitely let my emotions get the best of me. And that's something IIII promise I won't ever put myself in game.


So now when I take my ass to the game bub, I just sit, I just sit down there and eat my chicken tenders and keep my damn mouth closed. You know I learned a valuable lesson too about two years ago, you know, getting on, getting on her, running my mouth and, and messed around and bumped into Dwight Howard in person. You know how you walking sometimes you accidentally see a snake and it started you. That's how I rode Dwight. I walked right past him, didn't know it. Then he said something like, oh, the gig on your ass. I jumped, it was Dwight Howard. I said, and every muscle in his face, I'm like, and Marco mess it. He made me gig on that show right then and there and have that little debate with him. But I told the word, I'm telling you my heart was beating Michael.


Man, I think you gonna though, but you ain't. But you didn't but you didn't show no fear though. I didn't show it, but my heart felt it. I ain't lying. I was scared. Do do you weren't gonna hit him but nothing in the stomach. Nah, he was sitting down. So I was going, oh, okay. You know I was got a quick one then I was going run. I ain't gonna lie, I was gonna give up outta though. Fuck. I ain't never won a fight man to man. I ain't never won a fight. I'm oh one 70. Have you actually been in a fight? Yeah, I get my ass tore up every time. What, what? Okay. What caused you to fight? Running my mouth. I talk a big game. I, my bike, my bark loud, but my bike ain't vicious.


Yeah. See I think the thing is you weren't in a place of like, you didn't really want to fight. No. So I think that's the thing. And so, so it kind of caught you off guard that you found yourself in that situation. But if there's a situation where somebody's gotten you agitated, I think it you bring a different level of aggression to it. Unc, last time I had a fight, I got knocked out. I woke up, dude got pissed on me. True, true story, true story. Unc dude pissed on me, man. Come on. Do you gotta get him back? Do you gotta fight till you win one in jail? That's my get back. Oh, okay. You know, I put them folks on him.


Dub you dying to buy cut dude, every time he come up parole, I make my way right back down there and talk again. Look at them letters. He been sitting his family members. He ain't done with me. He ain't learned nothing yet. Leave him in there. I'm telling, I'm telling you the truth. But as the NFL Hall of Famer, when you see players thinking they should be in the, in, in the hall of Fame, who, like, what, what kind of player do you have to beat to meet your criteria to be in the Hall of Fame? The, I even, I stopped talking about it because what started happening is because I'm in the Hall of Fame, the headline always read NFL Hall of Famer, Shannon Sharpe says X, Y, and ZI understand that my word when I'm talking about football carries a little bit more weight than somebody that didn't win.


Like that wasn't the player that I was at that I played at. That wasn't a hall of famer that didn't win championships. So for me, I don't even discuss it though. I thought I knew, I thought I knew what a hall of famer was until I saw guys coming up and they had to wait two and three and four and five years. I said, well I don't know what a hall of famer is. I said, I know the guy that I played against, that guy's supposed to be in there. And then I saw guys that you weren't on our scouting report that we had to worry about go in on the first or the second ballot. So I just, I just, I just stopped. I just stopped, just stopped even talking about it. Dov you talking about my brother who I des who I think deserves to be in the hall of Fame.


Absolutely. Don't ask me about any other player. Absolutely. You know, you played in the area where they, where they were head hunt, have John Elway, did John Elway ever throw one cross the   you alligator on? They like, no. No. And that's what caused me to get knocked out a lot of times because I wouldn't all alligator army or I wouldn't pretend like let it sail over my head. Orlando Thomas knocked me out once in Minnesota back in 96. You, it's on, I saw it on YouTube a couple of weeks ago. He and he intercepted the past, got knocked out in the championship game against the jet, against the Jets. I I, yeah, I prob there's some times do I probably should have short armed it, make it seem like I was a T-Rex and I couldn't catch it.


But my pride, my pride wouldn't let, my pride wouldn't let me do it Now, you know, it's the game. It's all, no, I hate to say this, but you know, this era, none is not your era. You know, they protect the quarter back a whole lot more. Now what kind of yard, what kind of yard you think Elway would have in this era? You with him? I mean all those quarterbacks. I mean you look at the marinos, you look at the elways, you look at the guys that put up yards back then. 'cause back then there was, you know, the incidental contact, they didn't call it in order for you to get past interference, the guy had to, the, the quarterback had to be looking your way and his holding, you could attack the quarterback. There was not an area in which you couldn't hit the quarterback.


You could hit him in his knee, you could hit him in his ankle, you could hit him in his back. The only, now the quarterback, you can only hit him from the top to the bottom of his letter to his of his number. You can't go below the waist. The Tom Brady rule. But I under, I understand why you wanna make the sport as safer as you can. You understand, you know more about, we know more about head trauma, we know more about the repeated hits to the head and what it calls long term. And so I think once we know that you should try to, you should try to do better and protect the players. It's just like the car. That's why they added the seat belts. That's why they add side airbags, front airbags.


That's why they, you know, they move the gas tank and from the back to the side, we, when we know more, we should do more. When we, when we can make a game or a sport safer, we should absolutely try to do that. So I understand it and you, you're right, it's not the same sport, but I understand why it's not the same sport. It's the rumors going around. Do you see Coach Prime coaching the Dallas Cowboys in the near future? Ooh. Do you think Jerry will make that move? I don't, I think do I think that time could coach in the league? I do think he could coach, but time old school, he ain't buying all that cell phone and guys checking the email and the Instagram and all that stuff.


I, I look, I understand guys are trying, guys are are trying to, and I, and I don't, I don't want you to come off of one of them curmudgeons. But guys sometimes I feel trying to do too much and they lose sight of that. Your primary objective is to play football and building a brand. If you win, it's easy to build a brand. Now what's the hard part is build a brand while you lose it. Because what is, what is your brand if you losing And so that, that's, that's, that's that's that's my thing on that. I'm glad I don't play Now it would bother me that guys don't, didn't wouldn't take it as seriously as I think they needed to.


That's, that's the thing that irked me the most guys didn't take mys meeting serious walkthroughs practice, bro. I'm trying to get better and then you wonder why you're not playing. You wonder why we lost the game because you bull jiving the meeting. You sleep because you bull jiving the walkthrough. You bull driving in practice and then you expect to come. And this is what I tell people all the time. Dov, you win the game Monday through Friday, you don't win the game on Sunday. You win it Monday through Friday. The preparation. Yeah. That's, that's what you, that's what you have to, that's what you have to do. And so that's, that's what anything, I mean people think that we come on that I come on the show and I do Nightcap or I do club Sheha.


But if they knew the hours that I put in to get ready for it, the research that we've done on each particular guest, I think that's why the guests appreciate coming on Club Sheshe because they know I've done extensive research. My team, we've done as much research as we possibly can on this individual. We wanna make sure we give their replys, we wanna make sure that we show them their respect and give them the praise that they've earned. Not that they deserve what they've earned. And I think the, the guests come on and they appreciate that and they open up to me a lot of times in ways they have it on other shows and sometimes it's the party hell, it's still a party that you get for me. They don't, they don't, they don't drink enough of that. Doug. They don't drink enough of that to to, but normally they do take, they do take a a, a bottle or two with them, which I'm more than happy to, to let them have Miss Pat.


She's gonna be my guest tomorrow. Dope, dope Dove. She was unbelievable. She was unbelievable. It. She's gonna be great. It's gonna, it was one of, it was one of the best episodes that I've ever done. Miss Pat, one of the best episodes I've ever done. She, she was amazing. And I can't wait. I can't wait for your guys to see Miss Pat tomorrow. Oh man. You know we going to check that guy. But, but your cowboys Who, who? Say it again. My what? Your cowboy. I'm a buffalo. Be you from Texas? No, I done been to all the cowboy games in the world. They ain't never invited me out to nothing. I went to that Buffalo game Bill, guess what They invited me to come back.


They invite. So I'm gonna bill now. I'm going wherever the money going. That's where I'm going now. They trying to talk, they trying to do a deal with, they try to do a deal with shit influencer deal here. I'm Jerry. But see the thing, but see the Cowboys, they're so big. They don't have, they people want to attach themself to them. They don't feel they need to attach themself to anybody. Well I sure ain't hurting me. I fucking go get this money on you should. You should that And that's, and and, and, and hopefully you've gotten everything out of this partnership that you expected. Hopefully we're delivering everything that we promised you that we would as far as infrastructure, as far as producers.


And if there's anything like you got my direct number so there's anything that's, that doesn't meet what you think it should, just reach out to me and I'll make sure we get it corrected. Alright. We good Unc He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you. Hell, hell Unc let's get to here. She part the show. I do the hell no segment. I'm gonna ask you something and you let me know if it's a hell no or not. Okay. Spend the night over a girl house. Oh hell no, man. I ain't, I don't know how old you are. Dov, but I ain't spend the night. 9 19 93 was the last time I've closed my eyes at a woman's house. Why? What happened? That ain't happening.


Huh? What happened? Hey, Biggin said they kicked in the door waving the four four. Well he swung the door for waving that chopper. You got some, you got right? I'm good. I'm I'm good. I'm good. I'm good with that Dub. I, I, look, I don't, I promised God after the first time that I wasn't gonna do that no more. And here I go one year later. Nah, it was three years later and I did the exact same thing. I said God, I know I promised you but I tell you know what I promise you, you know promises like pride, trust then an easily broken dub. I said, I say Lord I'm gonna commit to you. I'm, I get, I'll say I I you were scared. I ain't gonna do it. Hell no.


Sucking a woman toes. Oh no. Absolutely not. What you like that old? Unless you got some barbecue sauce and V on them, they better be pigs feet. That's the only thing I'm sucking on. Neck bone oxtail. Hell nah man. I'll do that. Going down below the first time y'all get ready to do the do. No hell the first come on Dov. Ain't nobody, y'all do. See y'all young boys messing the game up. Y'all young boy messing the game up because y'all doing this kind of stuff. Y'all, it's good too. Y'all got, y'all got the girl booty opened up like curtains got to.


Ooh yes. So man. Yes. Y'all driving the price up or old? No, I ain't doing that. I ain't doing that now. Hey, if you came in and your gas was unle, you leaving the leg. We ain't changing nothing. Oh man, come on man. At some point time y'all gonna say, you know what, nah, not, not the first night Dov. Okay. Maybe like two. It's magical. Okay. Y'all kicking like two, three months in. Why that long? It's 60 days, two months? No. Yes. Off the rip. I won head on the first night too. Okay. I, yeah, for sure. Okay, I see what I'm saying. We, we thinking it be, ain't it better to receive than give it you.


Oh. Oh baby I got a different Bible than you then. Oh. I took a chick out on a date. We went back to her crib to do what her do. True story. We went back to her crib to do what her do. Soon we go in her apartment. It's a old woman in the hospital bed hooked up to a oing tank. True story. I didn't wanna judge. I was like man this whole still live with her mama. I ain't gonna even judge it. But I feel bad though because when I found out her mama was on hospice, I did the best thing I could ever do. I turned that woman hospital to bed around the opposite direction and told her grand dog her ass up on neck couch. I ain't lying. Oh her. That the last one, last word that woman heard was wrong. Hold Bubba do come on man.


You can't, you can't hit nobody in front of their dying mom or grandma. I spent $115 on that dinner. I wasn't gonna let this go. I gotta pray for you dub shit. I need it because I had to get it in. Look, I don't regret a damn thing. That was some of the best chickens I ever egg at her mama funeral. I got, Hey look, if somebody look, I, I don't, I'm scared. I I already know I'm gonna get caught. She can't get outta bed. She can't move. Dub you ain't, you wasn't afraid You ever by the house And the girl and the girl's like, come on, let's do it. And you know people at home, I can't do that Doug. Man, maybe you better man than me.


Unc I, I, I got to get it in any way I can. Unc I'm not finna be sitting here playing with you, taking you out to eat and you want to kiss me on my cheek Goodnight. I be down. You got 71 for steak in your stomach. You finna get another one too. You burn some calories. Some calories, huh. I'm damn scary though. So you go, so you go out with the anticipation every time having sex on the first date every time? No. Hell no. Because they, as you be honest with me, let me know. Do you just want, or do you want to get to know me? Number one. What you say? Number one? That's what I want. I want it right now.


We can leave you behind right now. What? Okay. What, okay. What, what would lead you to want to get to know them better? What, what, what would that and she gonna bring up during the date that she ain't behind going rent? You know, you know, because women throw hints, you know they throw hints like, you know, you doing your thing. You know every, everybody ain't able see them. The ones I get away from when they, them time go shit down. Oh, it's time to go. Yeah, them time right there. Run me off. You know I got a little change now Unc now. So you know, I, I, I done moved up from the $50 to the $60. Yeah. It's a difference from a 50 and the 60, but them 50. So she, if she start hitting around like, whew, boy, these bills, they ooh, time ain't time's hard out here block.


Hey, guess what? They about to get a lot harder because I'm up outta here. Hey man. Oh man. I guess wanna thank you man, for stopping by the shoulder today man. Thank you so much man. I thank you for having me on Dub. I really appreciate it. Like I said, hopefully you getting everything outta this partnership that I told you you would get. Yes. I appreciate everything that you're doing. Keep doing your thing bro. Much success. Hey y'all go make sure y'all go, if Bubba Dub is in a city near you, y'all go check out the brother. The brother is hilarious. Does great work. Hardworking man. Bro. I appreciate you being a part of Shake Shape media company guys. Appreciate that. Appreciate you. Have a blessed night. I know you in Ochoa.


Crank up like on, Hey, hold on, hold on. Before I let you go, before I let you go. What, what got Lakers going do man? If, if, if, if I, I like the move that JJ did by putting Dlo, having dlo come off the bench because now he's going against the second unit. He's able and Officer Reeves doesn't have to guard the best perimeter player. So now he has some energy to give you that work on the offensive end. So I like the addition ad keep playing like he playing Brongo keep doing his thing. I still think we need a piece. We do. We still need, we still need another. He came on your show. He came on your show. We need to go get, get Howard. We need to, we need him. SP Hayes ain't it? Fam Hayes ain't. Yeah.


Yeah. How Even on your But I know how to make, how work, how weaknesses is ho. I have every hole lined up in LA guy enough for him. He going Baw, that's his weakness. See you gotta take to your players, you gotta know what they like and what they don't like. Howard like holes. I'm gonna put holes in the building, Andro sports. What? Be there? They definitely there. See y'all be y'all athletes. Y'all begging me 'cause I would've ended up like la more old and then run them brothels. I aint, but I woulda, I would, I would've got sick. I roast pork 'cause that's all I would've been taking, you know? Yeah, you can't, you can't, you can't take the things every day now. Who me? I'm two, two times a day.


Unc. What? I'm pumping over here. Pumps in the bumps pumps in the for unc. Man. Thank you for couple double show, man. I know my audience man. They, they love you man. Thank you for the opportunity you gave me for this partnership, man. Being Parker Chase a media man. You just don't know. You changed my lives so much. Thank you. Continue. Great success on both shows. All the shows you got. Appreciate it bro. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I'll talk to you soon. God bless. I love you man. Thank you guys. Enjoy. Yes sir. Hey y'all, I told y'all man, I told y'all I was going to get uncle on the show. I done did that. Who y'all want next?


Talk to me. Who y'all want on the show next? Man, I'm all ears right here today. I'm feeling good. I done got uncle on the show. I'm getting some head out this show. Come here. I gave your head on the show. Indeed. Indeed. What's up though, man? Y'all talk to me man. Appreciate that man. Appreciate that. I'm gonna get Ocho, y'all want Ocho next. I'm gonna reach out to Ocho, get his black ass on the show and we gonna make it Do what it do. Thank everybody for tuning in today watching this show, man. Man, it's just a blessing to, to be in this position to have those kind of people on this show. It's a blessing to have my kind of y'all kind of fans to come on here with me. I'm gonna get Coach Prime on the show.


It's gonna be after the season. I'm gonna get Coach Prime on the show. It's gonna be after the season though. Nevertheless. Thank y'all so much for tuning in today's show, man. In case y'all don't know this show being presented by PrizePicks, use my promo Coach Trash with the two Hs down below. Remember five first time using $5 in, you get 50 instantly real talk 50 instantly, more or less on your favorite player over there too as well. That's all you got to do is type in trash with the two H's and and you'll get a discount man. Also, if you can't watch this show, you can listen to this show on Apple Podcasts and Spotify going download The Bubba Dub Show right now.


Let your friends and family know this is the show where you can get your sports talk. You can get your live talk, you can get everything right here on The Bubba, Dub Show. Y'all won't skip. I'll reach out to skip in this camp to see what's up, man. I'm reaching out to anybody who want to come over here. Damn, y'all could come over here. I don't give a damn pull up. Dammit. Pull up over here again. Once again, thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show, man. Love y'all. Peace. Blessing him out. The Volume.