
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy, one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Tired of restless nights. At Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you


The Volume. What's up y'all? Welcome to the Bubble dub show man. You going, talking about go ahead and hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Make sure you got your notifications on as you never know on the Bubble dub show when we going to go live man, I'm gonna give y'all time to tap in with me tonight though. Monday night coming to y'all got a lot of talked about, got a lot of talk about tonight, A whole lot going on in the world. But I'm gonna give y'all a second to get y'all self together though man. Well good evening, good afternoon, whatever it is. But you know I'm down here in Texas h time to be exact and there's a lot of stuff that's going on in the city.


I I just want to talk to the world people who tune in. Let me tell you motherfucking protest or something. Yeah you protest. Y'all know y'all motherfucker Mexican. Y'all know what I'm talking about now. Y'all done came around here. Y'all done barbecue dog kicking horses all motherfucking year. Y'all done went down there and boing trump in off it. Now he can turn. Get y'all now. I can't go get me a motherfucking mano bowl because y'all out on the damn freeway. Y'all get y'all good tortilla cooking asses back in them damn restaurants and start cooking. I don't wanna hear that crying. You Nigeria come here.


You big heavy sound. No where I'm motherfuckers if you illegal damage you got to go now. I told y'all two months ago, January 19th, Trump was gonna get on your ass and he doing it. I ain't heard alarm mower in three damn days. My home association hitting me up telling me about my yard. I'm calling Pedro no answer. I rode by Pedro house the high boy up nigga. Ain't no storm coming. Only time you board your house up is a storm is coming unless something is wrong. See Pedro high boy up.


I'm looking for the zero turns and all that shit. Ain't nothing now what? Trump ain't just taking people man, he taking the equipment and I, my good Africans coming. Oh y'all thought I was gonna talking about illegal Mexicans. No, Trump getting every damn body. They ain't look, they ain't stu my black broke ass. They don't want me. They, I seen them jump out on somebody I, I tried to get them to jump on me so I can sue as don't even want me so I'm good. Yeah but I'm talking to you good Nigerian. Yeah you big heavy sound wearing mother aggressive motherfucker. Y'all some y'all ain't never mega Nigerian. Them motherfuckers aggressive. They'll holler at your girl right in front of your face and them niggas 6, 5, 6, 7 heavy voice shit.


Dude start holler in my girl. I went and got in the damn car. I waited on her. I wasn't tripping but I went and got in the car. I went in the order with this nigga 6, 5, 6, 7. That motherfucker likea hit me and knocked me in Nigeria. I beat damned I know when to talk and I know when to be quiet too. I ain't say shit but when she got in that car, let me tell you something. You bad built diabetic breast smelling motherfucker. How you gonna talk to another nigga stronger Me? I was like David Ruff, I made your asses. Oh yeah y'all voted him in there.


I don't wanna hear no motherfucking crying neither Now y'all love shit why y'all got got flags everywhere? I already, I already can't Good y'all see I dunno. I ain't heard no lawn mower. I ain't had no taco and my Chinese French y too. I ain't no no orange chicken. Chicken ain't supposed to be orange nickel supposed be golden. We we getting this back to the American way.


We getting this back to the American way. Pound express trash that shit through. We gonna want pound express no motherfucking mo. We want the real KFC back. Yeah we want the real KFC back. We want my ans and uncles back in the kitchen cooking again. White people, your ass stay out the kitchen. Y'all can't cook pretty good. I our ancestors rolling on the grave with these good white people cooking our chicken. Do you hear me sister Miss Mary the white woman. She what? Go in that motherfucking kitchen and cook.


Why could sister Sarah tell her sit take a lo off. Let me cook this white people cook the chicken plug every motherfucking well they jy DMA shit eating they bloody ass chicken. Let the black folks cook the food. Let us pray over the food. Y'all set the tables. Y'all like to know what shit go napkins And y you know all the attempt. Y'all good with white people. Y'all good at setting the table but let us cook the god damn food and stay away from the sweet tea. We like our shit Sweet. Don't no unsweet tea. Do you hear me? Never.


If you're welcome to the show. Thank you for what? Coming to the mother bubba do show I'm the only one that sense his own cuss words as he saying I'm a bad mother. Y'all know ain't lying. Y'all been seeing my good Mexican friend up and down the road all day. Hooping, hollering, making up all that goddamn no. Cut that shit out and go home and go home. You good soccer player motherfuckers. Y'all take that shit to the soccer field. Stay your ass off the main road because she gonna get that over. Y'all already ain't got no insurance, no Medicaid, no bar.


Bar. Y'all motherfucker are good. Good healthcare system shit. I'm Pedro, you better find your way over here and mow my motherfucking yard. I ain't bullshit you on five more. You mores the most and I done. Yeah. Yeah you good, you good. Dallas Cowboy in Jersey wearing fake Jordan wearing motherfucker. Y'all come here back and play talk to all that shit. Trump backing off it now.


Cutting that shit out. Y'all got to go but the dope can stay Do you hear me? Y'all can go but the dope can stay. Ain't bullshit feeling good tonight man. I'm feeling great. Damn Nadine. Them cook me some pinto beans, creams, corn and breathe. You. I'm full. I I'm gonna have gas later but I'm full now. I'm full as a kid. She in there right now freshening it up. That them old folks word right there young girl. I'm finna go here and take a shot. Whoop woo bet them old schools I'm finna go here and freshen up for you baby.


You go ahead. See y'all ain't know now you ain't got a wood leg. She ain't got the one leg. She got the whoop one. You know them old school back in the day they can get the rises. They they had wooden lid so now you ain't got a wooden leg and I take that motherfucker off. See I like my nipples play with it and she know in bed so she get the full of that. Oh fake leg that wool and do it like this in my nipple to hit my nipple. Boy that turned me on boy. I'm turning they D ass. Oh boy. I'm shit I ain't lying. Other night the lights went out God damnit look out when the goddamn lights went out I got freaky then I'm talking about super freaky.


Yeah you you mean one inch of fun. Do you need to see hey motherfucker one is but when they get in she turn it. Y'all know sometimes you can be gummy. It don't, it don't rise like it normally do but you can find some of them women that make that thing they old school making my shit ain't bullshitting. I wash her car for clean the inside, inside out full vacuum. I mean vacuum and all that. I'ma ride her tie four back her car in. That's how you know she got a young nigga when her neighbors come through that no nigga ain't got her young whipper snapper like me.


I got her car back in. I'ma ride everywhere. This being na thing baby. And I'm riding with her and I'm listening too short. Old school music. Getting it, getting it good getting it while you can. It should be getting it. Getting it while getting it good. You should be getting it. Getting it while getting it good. Hey telling y'all man go get you a old school man. She'll change your life. Ain't real talk. I know y'all watched that boxing match last night. Clarissa Seals Jane she knocked the goddamn Jodeci boots out Perkiss.


Do you hear me? Girl she know motherfucking well. Perkins was 45 years old. That motherfucker hit Perkins with a punch. I thought she hit her with a taser. She gets hit the ground say oh Lord we done lost Perkins. Perkins baby you fall a good fight but you stay your old ass out that motherfucking ring. Do you hear me? Go and get your C CNAs. Go and get your CNAs and get your ass out the damn way. It's all good though. CNAs right now. LVNO and there you go. Shit stay your ass out the ring with car. That motherfucker got Mike Tyson arm Cal muscle Shit.


Did y'all see Papoose? Papo tied that girl tumbling boots. That nigga been with Remy Martin 40 years. He ain't never tied Remy's shoes. I know Remy died when she seen Papoose coming out rapping. You got to be a bold motherfucker to let Papoose walk you out and rap. No love ppo love everything. Him and Carissa got going Black love Black unity. But if you think I'm letting PPOs come out and bring me out Nip, I wouldn't give a damn Elon Musk try to give me eight bills. N with no motherfucking poo nigga DMS rolling over this motherfucking grave.


I only from Flint. That's where the fight was in Flint. Need to fix that motherfucking wild up there. Flint Trump. Yeah you you taking care of the right business but God take care of that up there in Flint. That the of Galveston The of a miracle. Of a miracle. Lemme tell y'all so when white people get together, when them motherfuckers huddle up, Ooh a motherfucker make changes don't they Black people we just did the same thing. We just huddle up. Yeah, yeah we just huddle up. Everybody wanna be a quarterback. Everybody can't be a quarterback. Somebody gotta be a center. Somebody gotta be a wide receiver.


Somebody gotta be a tight end. Somebody gotta be a fullback If you have you or a half back goddammit somebody got to be something more than what's the other white people know how to come together, stay in the house, the motherfucker know how to eat decent bread now us we looking for the mustard to catch up and the hot sauce to go on. But goddammit what if you ain't got, if we just come together, it'd be a beautiful thing. If we just stop blaming the white people for everything, we'll be all right. They ain't about them. It's about us Russell Shear. I wanna say congratulations to you. I pray to God that, that that the ratings and bees go up in women boxing and because you doing your motherfucking thing now I want you and Layla Ali to put that cat shit to the side.


Y'all got going and come together. I look motherfucker want to go get bald men paw. I ain't stopping there no light. I'd rather drive to New Orleans 'cause I'm scared to catch a flight. See you airline but get y'all shit together. They said it was some piling like Denzel in the movie flight last week for Southwest. Get his drunk ass on their plane and fly. Nigga you crazy. They gonna suspend him. Buck suspend him. He must be white Only white bo get suspended.


Niggas get fired when you have a conversation with a whiter and black person. It's a little different. Hey man what happened to James? We fired him White man. Hey man what happened to Dan? Oh you know we had to, we had to let him go. Let him go. See that's I can't do white people get let go. We get fired. You motherfucker bug learn any difference   and green in they face all day. See it the motherfucker. You just a number. You just a number. I know. So you black folks in white people in in jobs and shit. You ain't nothing number nigga. You supposed to have six niggas on this team and it's six.


I ain't like you going stop it. You ain't been to none of them houses. Hell they stupid Rich Carter. Hell they got you at the regular hill. This school look different. Rich Carter look different. Huh? I better wait the oh congratulations to you Carissa Seals and what you did. I wanna salute you mama keep keep doing what you doing. There's a whole lot of other bullshit going out in the world. 50 D caho, big mitro rat ain't going big niches Lavy ho whipping work. Hallelujah.


Come that big 50 say he put big, he put BMF on 50. Say I give it for not take it nigga that's how much 50 this dislike rent Ross. That's real. That's real Big meat just got home chilling still full of Thanksgiving and God 50 going on. Now do do I care if big me snitch or not? Hell no because ain't no way I would've snitched it dead 20 years he ain't a good one. Lemme tell y'all mother, ladies and junior watching this show. If I was ever facing a time big me was facing, I'm not thinking do no motherfucking 20 years, never do motherfucking 20 hours.


Y'all gonna send me to Guatemala wherever and that's where I'm gonna be until my time up and then goddamn I'm gonna come back home like everything good. I ain't even come back home rapping. Call my snitches ain't worth for damn the whole time I'm the one they were doing I a talk. So if the big meat is a a snitch he'll trash, I'm fixing leave my family living this million dollar life I'm living and and and I'm gonna talk and still do too many years shit. They say big mech had cabbage just like a motherfucker when he came home. Don't nobody wanna go no prison but dummies and idiots all this goddamn free for jog around this motherfucker.


You think I'm feeling good You


This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings sports book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk eng.co/audio.


In 15th century Florence, the great inventor, Leonardo da Vinci dreamt of creating a flying machine but something kept getting in his way. Admin piles of it. Luckily Leo used the smart buying tools on Amazon business so he could work more efficiently. With the extra time he not only invented the flying machine, but actually built it. Whoa, easy there. Leo, Amazon Business, your partner for smart business buying.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Lived at Chumba life. At chumba casino.com Pgw group. No purchase necessary void work prohibited by law seat terms and conditions.


How y'all doing tonight though? I, I'll never even hardly say that lately man. How y'all doing? How y'all feeling man? How y'all feeling? The bubble dub show or what? Man I try to make my shit different man. You know everybody different. You can have one chick, she was quiet and then you had a loud chick, then you had one. You can't, you can't figure the one out. This one motherfucker. She in between. You can't figure this whole out. There's something about her that you like. You're going crazy behind this motherfucker. But that motherfucker ain't no let me tell you. Them pretty teeth, pretty skin motherfucker pretty face slim. No, no fat body fat dumb motherfuckers.


Ain't nothing but devils. Are we family? I could talk to y'all man. I had, I got one of them bad motherfuckers. I thought I did. I thought I hell I been feeding her her. I been feeding her this one, one, this Caterpillar for about four months now. Going down through two. No call. I can tell I don't call no fucking doing. I been doing my motherfucking thing. Doing what I'm to do. Shit fucking other people. I told my partner about it. He how he laughing? Shit I wasn't even trip shoot I took this motherfucker on a trip.


I done lay yo shoot. We got an investigation going on. I ain't going even bring it up to her. I'm Finn find out who them other four niggas is and if they got a wide four old lady, they ass I live, I'm gonna be fucker putting sugar on my frosted flakes. Don't be me. You learned anything from me. When it come to these hos I'm sale. I ain't sharing shit so late at night when I don't want to jack out and I call you and I can't, you can't come to me 'cause you laid up with Fred. Well guess what Fred ass is gonna check.


I'm gonna call this old lady and tell him what's going on. You think I won't win? I will. Shit, I'll do anything to win baby. I'm not playing. I I'll do anything to win. Yeah, if your girl cheating on you, you ain't got nowhere to go. Shit. Keep letting her do what she do. Yeah it is. Yeah nigga. Yeah you gotta, you gotta think you gotta be, you gotta be on offense nigga. Yeah some of y'all ain't on offense. You ain't Man my girl cheating. I'm finna go. Nah nigga stay nigga up nigga. Yeah she cheating on you. It's okay. Yeah you suck that nigga me. It's okay. Yeah he riding around in my car. It's okay. I eat that. I eat that for now. Nigga get mad when leave because she let the little nigga pound on.


It's all good. It's all good. Put the, put the read the power, everything's gonna be okay. I know it hurt. Tears rolling down your eyes. Your chest hurt. Some of you, some of your weak you make you wanna go get that pistol and do something. Don't do that. If you got the beagle to keeper you don't need. Yeah don't do it. Don't take your anger. I don't nobody go to the weight room my nigga and work out man. Live some weight man. Yeah you wanna live a long time. You can't. You can't. You know what I'm saying. You can't do what you doing now in jail. Yeah. You don't wanna mind nobody out him but you niggas go to jail and start minding all of a sudden now. Yeah people don't want to talk about it. You left here with about fade now you in never dreadlocks.


Who twisting y'all nigga's hair now Who doing you niggas hair in jail. Which is what I wanna know. Big meats had them same motherfucking braid 30 years. No shit. Y'all don't want to talk about. Oh we gonna keep it real on they show. I done have cousins and shit. Go to the pee and tell me what going on. I know what going on in there. My brother nervous. He work at the prison. I know what's going on in now. You come in that motherfucker broke some of you, some of you real niggas. Y'all fight it out and do your thing. Do your time. Some of you niggas fo niggas who timid they go up in that motherfucker acting out hard and them big niggas break 'em down.


They go in your room, they know you broke. You ain't talk to your family, you crying. They can console you and shit. They ain't gonna try to them first nights they gonna let you think everything good for about two months. Calling home everything good. Then they approach you like man I don't get down like that. Yeah I know you don't. But I do. I'm bend knees now What? Go on here. Real talk. Real talk. Then they come home acting all hard, trying to beat up a little old, you know what I'm saying? Beat up on old a nerd nigga like me. I'm knocking out eight nigga I'm taking care of your son nigga your son couldn't read.


I got the little blind motherfucker to but you home now. Damn. Drug kingpin. You you nigga. I'll send you back this little old coming home party. Be a go away party Nick when you come home I go and buy my business. But if that bitch called me one time telling me you put your hands on her, you going back nigga I'll send you back. Give a damn about your kids nigga. I ain't have no father. I mean don't give a damn about yours. How y'all feeling man?


Super Bog is Sunday. I can't wait. Y'all can't wait man. People Sacramento Kings done Tre D and Fox to the San Antonio Spurs man. What y'all think about that? Re I think it's a good trade. You know I think Wendy Humble and, and Darren Fox can do, so they still got CP four over there. I know y'all saying three CP four. That nigga fo it CP four nigga CP three. I like that for San Antonio yo to keep it one. Oh the Kings they end up getting Zach Levine. I like that too. That's, that's, that's really you nigga already got Monk over there I think. Let's see how this shit play out. But I like it for both teams though.


You can, as you can see San Antonio organizations making the moves, they, they finger story just putting everything around win Humble and like I told y'all previously, WEBY yum gonna probably be the richest NBA player ever. It honestly bro, when that, when when it's time for that dude to re-up, it's gonna probably be half of Billy. I promise you it's gonna probably be half of Billy for Win Beyond. But when, when his contract come up, I'm telling you I see it right now and I'm hearing through the grapevine, the Lakers, you know Lakers, you know we got Luca, big Luca is what they call him. I just want my Laker fans to know everything gonna be all right.


Luca is up there in the heating heels with LeBron and Savannah and, and bro they, they they, they all smoking bro. Got the red wine going Hey I'm gonna be youngest now I'm gonna let the K out the bag. I'm gonna be youngest with y'all though one time for my people. Soon as Luca stepped foot on that court and they win. I don't care if they win by one game, he better than Larry Bird. Larry Bird trash Dan Marley trash, dirt and whiskey trash green white boy El pistol Pete wake him up trash big boy.


I'm like Hagers hot, y'all lost ad nigga you lost your old leg and you still making it ain't you. Y'all lost ad nigga you lost your favorite dog. You still making nigga ain't you? You lost ad your bitch lost your food stamp card but you still ain't you you about losing no. Lost my bitch to my pastor but I'm still, that's the new saying in 2025, I'm still, when she, she threatened to call police and when they pull up I'm still here where I'm going.


All those stuff that those black folks don't even do. We steal here my essays and Chinese. Y'all can't say the same. Y'all getting y'all asses back up where y'all from? The illegal ones now. I don't want, y'all think I'm being racist. There's something I could never be, you know you know the Bible say God rang on the just and the unjust Fuck Larry Bird. Fuck Larry Bird. Look over him. Fuck Bird deadly Shrimp.


Fuck about Larry Bird ain't had no motherfucking skill like Luca and y'all know him stiff ass back. I always want hype Bird stiff ass back can't move like Luke can't you roll like Luke the locker room drinking milk a lobe nickel ain't dropping 50 white chocolate my guy now you know I love white chocolate but Larry Bird can't fuck with. Look I got Pie. Who John Stockton n nigga Tony Cuco is is from overseas just like Luca.


Nah man shout out to Larry Bird. He a goat. I ain't buying that shit can't touch Luke. Niggas always talking about y'all ain't got no D. That's what your girl keep saying nigga y'all ain't got no D. That's what your girl keeps saying. Nigga want the country nigga to come through and hit with that baked potato. Come here. Yep. Hell I want hit with the childs to go with it. Come here. Woo. Well if you gonna, if you gonna, you gonna laugh over him. I can't speak for the mother shit but you gonna laugh over him. You gonna enjoy yourself. You gonna, this some shit you ain't never heard before but you still, when you and your girl get into it, she tell you get your ass out.


When I going up and I go upstairs and come back, I don't wanna see you when she come back downstairs. But you still here not going nowhere.


He made special and you Queen watching the bubble do show made it being presented by prize pigs. Man right there. Yeah boy. Code scan that man. Make sure you type in trash with the two Hs man. You put $5 in, you get 50. Put your pixie in right now. Super Bowl coming up man. Need a little extra money man. You might need get some ties on your card. Might need get you a oil change or whatever it is man. It is your business but if you wanna win some real money, come on one the prize pic baby.


Yeah, if you can't watch me something nice you at work. Woo woo. Only thing you can do is listen to me. Go to Apple Podcast. Go to Spotify man. Let these folks know where you can come and get real comedy, real sports truth. Right here on the bubble do show I ain't you can go and get it anyway. Yeah but they ain't got the sauce. Do you hear me? They ain't got the sauce. Ain't nobody coming to see you Otis. And you know it. Damn. Sometimes you gotta have talk. How Tupac had a talk with his brother and brother Ri deal.


Don't you turn your back to me. We having a real family moment. Oh this what this is? Yeah mama ain't no shit. Oh shit. Oh shit. Mama ain't gotta work no more. She said more mama and everything more applause. And I did that. Just a joke. Hey man. Hey man y'all know what he lives around this bubble dub show man if you, y'all gonna know man we do a thing, a real call. Hell no sex. Him Dub live on the show. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you hell no.


Hell People send me questions in and I'll let him know if it's hell or not or not. Somebody ask me, well will I move anywhere else outside of Texas? No live like a kingpin down here in Texas. I'm not going no motherfucking well love Texas like I don't write the barrel. You know what that means. I got that motherfucking dang when nigga ain't in the pawn shop. I got thing I been broke so I had to go and pawn that thing. It's okay people, if you watching this show you done win broke. You gonna have some pawn some shit. I done done it before. Don't feel bad 'cause you, because you, because you done been down or you down now. Ain't no ain't no feeling bad down.


She ain't go and figure it out. But we ain't going figure it out by ringing up and putting that pistol in somebody's face or breaking in somebody's house of car. We ain't gonna figure it out that way. We going to figure it out the right way. That's what we going to do. We going help each other out. Yeah, you no way out this motherfucker. You going give it up. Yeah, we ain't drawing up like no we ain't drawing no maps up like Cookie drew up on life. We ain't gonna do that. Got too many people. I told y'all trying to do things they going to know how to do. Hell we ain't doing all that so hell no. People talking about it is Black History Month.


It's Black History month. Every mother motherfucker, every day y'all wake up on black. I ain't what God damnit it's Black History Month. Told y'all niggas, y'all need to start reading books. Y'all nigga need to start reading books man. Real talk. Get some understanding, some learning going on around this month. But y'all talking to me man. I'm finna give in and talk to y'all. Y'all talk to me 365 days a year. Yeah, we got 2000 people on here tonight. That's what I'm talking about. Damn y'all tapping in. That's what we supposed to be going on. Presa Danny, Gary, Augustine, Texas. You know what it is man. Shout out to my people in in East Texas right now.


Where are my country folks at? Man, if you, all my country folks on here, they eat dirt meat. Let me know right now if you eating dirt meat, Tyson. What it do? Where are my people from? King Oil, Texas. I forgot about y'all Poe. Horses having asses. I ain't forgot about y'all over there. Yeah you niggas in King Oil got some thin ass horses and goddammit, I'm coming down there to get shit. Right. Jack Daniel. I ain't no Kansas City fan. This shit just look good on me man. This shit just matched me. You know what I'm talking about. What I'm saying, this pee, I'm gonna wear the Eagles tomorrow there while my city folks said they don't know nothing about eating no dirty meat.


Where y'all at? Man? Y'all welcome to the bubble dub. So all my city folk, if you born in the city, let me know Austin, Texas. What they do? Dallas? What they do? Oklahoma, y'all, where y'all from? Man? Y'all let the people know where y'all from? Shout out Bruce. Shout out Courtney. Shout out Phil. Courtney Shaq after Phillip Williams. Y-R-N-B-M-G-O. Hart Shaq after y'all l Houston to Texas. What it do man? Yeah, Nashville. What it do? Georgia? We got Georgia in this thing. Memphis in here, you know man. What it do man? You go to Memphis, you gonna hear man. 90 times South Haven, Mississippi. I see y'all on the 28th. Man.


We of Warrens tour. Appreciate the people who popped out on me the other night. I appreciate the love man. I ain't, I had so much fun man. Look man, I'm gonna drop the footages for that too. On the cool, man. I'm gonna take y'all on the journey with me on this Wigga Warrens tour. Man. Like I said, if y'all coming to see me get get there early, man. I'm the second act man. Guy is good. Guy is. That's really why I'm so excited, man. I'm on my first tour, man. I'm on. I'm listen y'all, I'm gonna tell y'all some real shit. I'm looking to the camera bro. Coming from where I'm coming from. From a small town Alto, Texas, about five or 600 people. Man. We grew up watching Mike ILPs Friday, Friday after Nick to be on the show with Mike ILPs.


Do you understand what I'm saying to y'all people man coming from where I'm coming from. Well you don't give a damn where you from to be on a show with Mike LPs man. Give you a feeling that nobody could ever give to you dog. If that shit don't motivate you, man. I don't know what will, what will, man. I'm talking about going to war with Mike LPs, man. Man hosting it, calling my name. Bring me out to a crowd, man. You know how much that shit make me feel, man. Yeah man, this, this shit is amazing man. This shit is everything I work for. This shit is everything I dreamed of man. Man, I'm telling y'all some real shit man.


When you, when you do good, man. Just a wonderful feeling man. Because I could always say, man, this wasn't a lie, I chose, it wasn't a lie for me. I never dreamed of this life, bro. It just hit me one day and said I'm just finna get started showing the world real comedy man. Even with friends and family members doubted me and said this and that and I ain't let that shit stop me, man. I kept going, man, I had that thing in my head. I'm gonna keep going man. I'm gonna keep taking this shit to work and take it. People say you gonna take it to the roof? Nah nigga, I'm taking it to the moon Nick. Damn. Damn. That's why I'm gonna take it beyond that nigga. Yeah, and what? But the Bible say this world ain't my home nigga, I'm just passing through. But while I'm passing through, I'm going to G up while I'm on this journey.


I'm on. I'm gonna cut up. I'm gonna let my light shine, baby. Yeah. Even though my ain't my Lately I been leaving the light on sucky with the light. I ain't scared no more. Why? Because I'm scared. Here. Some steal here. Thank y'all. Opport tuning to a bubble do show man. I love y'all man. Bless Out The Volume. I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


Looking for excitement. Jumbo Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the jumbo life@jumbocasino.com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary void weren, prohibited by law, seek terms and conditions.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places a.