
Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults.


Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds To have good sound on it.


To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more check out bos.com. The Volume. Y'all already know what it is. Come on that book. Come on. Come on in. I know y'all been waiting on me. I appreciate it. You know I'm, I'm out here in nap time. I had a show I had to go, go on stage. Do what I do. Come back here and jump on here with y'all for a minute. But yeah, but go on and hit the like button right You here go on and hit the subscribe button. Right. You here? Yeah, gone. I told y'all last week what them buffalo was going do to UC. Y'all didn't wanna listen to me.


Y'all said them boys wasn't gonna win no more in three games throwing one right now. And they looking good. That's the best game. Them boys done played this yearor. I thought well one moon, I'm not lying. Come here Blue four too hot looking like a Heisman candidate. If you asked me. You seen, you seen it come I want angels to report to my page right now. You Georgia fans. I y'all, y'all might be quiet. I'm gonna get to y'all in a minute.


But right now we finna give Coach Prime his motherfucking do. Huh? Oh he the fastest show. They care more about how they look then the way they play. You lying boys out there taking care of business and that dipping as one south got that defense looking good. But the key for me is that run game, them boys as a team collectively had 128 rushing yard. Anytime Colorado have over a hundred yard rushing, they will not lose the damn game. They won't lose long. They can run the ball that take pressure out the door because when I'm handing the ball off, I'm getting four yards of power.


Man that mean y'all bring the linebackers up man. When you bring the linebackers up we gonna kick you down the field. That's what he doing. She don't catch it. 99 yard come on because she dropped a big pad last week but he redeemed himself this week. Jimmy Horn Junior five catches 41 yards. I thank it. I ain't saying Coach Fry never gonna win the national championship. But what I'm saying is they will be better than they was last year and they showing us that right now I want a time to be alive. I want a time to be alive to witness some greatness like this. It ain't just great plan. It's great coaching Coach Prime looked itself in the mirror and say how can I get better?


That's what you gotta do sometime you gotta look yourself in the mirror and see how can you get better. Just, just like with my girl, I prematurely. I premature come quick. I ain't lying but I have to look in the mirror. God what can I do to stop calm fast. Well there's a hundred packs. There's bru shoes. Gimme both. Give both of 'em now. I ain't coming quick no more. I'm coming in six minutes now. That's a damn Rucker for me. From one minute to six I'm doing damn good. And then some of y'all watching this show right now. Y'all be coming quick too. But you got too much pride to go down there to them Indian stole and get they a hundred pack.


Nigga you better get you one them hundred pack. I change your whole damn life. Even your coworkers know something ain't right with you. 'cause you always mad at work Charles and Willie, you always mad because if thing don't work like it used to, well get you one of them damn blue shoes then watch what happened. Oh yeah, your old lady gonna love you. You, you might be sweating like a hundred bake ham when you on top of it but God damnit, she gonna love every Big O. It's all about changing. You gotta want to change Coach Prime change from JSU and you niggas got mad man. He left them boy shit you leave two 300,000 for 6 million come here. I left that same damn night Colorado ol to me.


Some of y'all was mad. I remember not all y'all but some of y'all mad man I can't believe he left them boy. Man it's some jobs out here right now. Y'all making $20 an hour. That one the mother Johnson said they give you 25. You niggas gone and want somebody to be loyal when you niggas ain't even lawyer to your own girl. But you want a nigga to be. Man stop it. Y'all quiet tonight. Y'all ain't doing all that damn talking. Why Coach Prime won and the cowboy won. You can't tell me shit. I'm talking shit rest of the week and them Georgia boy dogs. I mean Georgia Frenches trash Alabama on y'all ass right now.


Like back pockets 21 to zero. Talking about y'all had a good week of practice lies. Stop all the lies Georgia Don't blame it on H don't blame it on H ain't stop Future from record tape. It shouldn't stop y'all from performing Monkey bag D What's going on man? 28 now 28 is just goddamn same Georgia. Y'all already done lost Rich homie Corn. I was sitting letting co be playing his ass. What's really going on in Georgia? That's why every time I go to Georgia, when I'm in the club and some female try to holler at me Ho come over here under this light.


Let me look up under your neck because you looking good from a distance. Yeah. Yeah. You looking like Charlene from a distance or up close you might look like Charles come here. You not finna treat me. Never. Some of y'all be too horn and too quick to try to take something back to the room and took something that got something. What you got? How you gonna fight that big nigga in that room? You think you see a six five Angela Reese? Shit six five OIP. Michael caught Duncan in the room with you and that nigga aggressive. What you gonna do man dig out there. I told Diddy take his ass to Bley with Russell Simmons.


He didn't wanna listen to me. Now take that. Take that Jennifer Lopez come you damn tapes too. Yeah you tapes too doing y'all come here and talk to me today man. How y'all feeling Monique? How you feeling boss nigga Raheem Raheem from Juice. You know what Pac did to you? Me Raheem, I gonna give a damn who it was. He had no right ringing up on me like that. Y'all talk to me now just Yes. Talk to me man. I'm feeling real good man. Colorado four one That bigger a good 10 UCF they three in one now.


When not gonna find the store getting Colorado they credit. Man I really wanna know when y'all gonna start saying you know what Bubba we was wrong. They looking good man. And we want to give credit what credit is do but y'all negro just can't do it. Y'all got too much pride to come on here and say you know what man, them boy had a good game today. I'm gonna give him that. Y'all just can't fucking do it man. And I wanna know why y'all can't do it. I'm upset I'm I'm going through shit. I just got into it with my pastor. Yeah my I just got into it with that nigga man. Nigga gonna tell me you ain't been to church in two or three weeks. At least you can send some money nigga. I ain't sending shit. I send your first lady this evidence I got you cheating on her.


That's what I do. I send it to her right now in Messenger in 4K. Look at your husband. Yeah the son of God. Y'all say you a child of God. Look at it. Look at the way he look What he doing over there? That ain't true. That's your cousin. He laying a with in motel. Sit look at the bed bud on his back now putting knock another dime in the church for that nigga called me on my off day and told my why you ain't sending no money nigga, why you ain't putting none in for me? I'm up man I don't like all that man calling trying to check me now I know I ain't been to church but nigga I been going to church in my living room And when did Bobby Brown start looking like T Jakes what's going on?


Bobby Brown and T Jakes. They look like twins. If you ask me if you're just not coming in the show come on, come on in man go and hit the like button. Go on hit the subscribe button. I know some of y'all might be at work, can't even watch the show but you can listen to it on Apple podcast and Spotify. You can listen to it then. Real talk y'all. Come on. Alright. What's happening Kiara? How you doing boss lady? Welcome to the bubble Dove show man. Y'all know I go live after every game man. Y'all know how I y'all know how I am. Y'all know how how I rock. My mama just called me too baby. I need that $30 back. I'll let you borrow.


If I gonna get it back then I ain't gonna be able to go to work. I told her I guess you won't be going. I guess you won't be. I can tell you gimme no motherfucking $30. That 30 darn 3.5 come here. I like mama told I was home get want a cigarette. Shit I wanted 3.5 stopped at the store too. Got me Aer sweet two for 99 cents. Come here ain't got me a bill. Come here cool. Light got me something to smoke, something to drink. I'm cool calling me with that food listening buy no 30 motherfucking dollars. Yeah you mama take care of me. Give damn how old I'm for better or worse.


What's up Daffy? What's good Mr. Hill? Man Ole miss definite trash shit so I ain't, I don't give a damn about that pass no more man. Yeah he got one of my side hole pregnant. I'm glad he did shit so she calling me talking about it's your baby shit. That's that pastor baby. Look at that baby. That's an old ass baby. I ain't bullshitting. That's an old ass baby. That little boy four years old. Y'all lemme tell y'all the true shit. Y'all old niggas on this show. I know some of y'all 65. I'm not saying stop having sex. I'm saying stop having babies is that's all I'm saying 'cause y'all fucking them kids up. I was dating this chick, the boy four years old named Cecil. I'm not bullshitting you fuck me up. He said Bubba every time it rain my knees hurt.


I said oh my god. 4-year-old got a old man syndrome do you hear me? Little motherfucker smaller too. He gonna doma read the bible the whole day. This little 4-year-old a deacon. I ain't bullshitting you damn right. We them boys we gonna forever be them boys. And, if you watching this show then you know this show being presented by Pics too. Yeah, go on do download the number one sports fantasy app right now. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Yeah T-R-A-S-H-H use that for the first time users you could put $5 in they gonna give you 50. Yeah I ain't bullshitting.


You could spend $15 and win 1500 over there. Prize speaks and there's more or less over there like they has your daughter have over 302 yards a day. Either you put more or less they had Travis Hunger to have over 94 yards a day. You either put more or less and it ain't just football. They got baseball. No they got hockey, they got boxing, they got whatever you like to play. They got it. Or tap in with prize picks and make sure you use my promo code trash if you wanna make some money. I'm telling you right now, I'm up right now over there. Yeah Money on the floor type shit telling you not man, y'all talking to me man. How y'all feeling today man? It's Saturday day.


I'm in nap time. It is ringing but these people gonna come out to this comic sugar watch us man. I'm having the ball. I got my family and friends here with me today and and And we vibing. What y'all on tonight? Talk to me. What y'all smoking now? Some of y'all smoking on straight up Rigid but you got it in them pretty ass packs but it's rid Stop it. Stop it right now. Travis hung a Heisman. Oh yeah for sure for show. He playing like a Heisman player right now. Travis Hunt for the show. Wide receiver and defensive back. You've seen the interception boy just doing it all on both sides of the field. We ain't seen nothing like that since Charlie Wilson maybe JAL Peppers. But this guy is is he bonafide NFL Pro right now?


Travis Hunger man Shado sound is too. I know y'all didn't wanna believe it but the guy can stand in the pocket, make his read, throw a ball, you know what I'm saying accurately. That's the thing about the NFL. You got bigger a throw a ball accurately. You gotta be able to see the feel and that's what I like. I wanna give a shout out to Bryce Young. Hold your head fam. It ain't, it ain't it Ain't your fault up there in Carolina Grasshoppers. But you gonna have to go to another team. Somebody that can put some real talent. You know what I'm saying with you because it's not over for you. I, I hope you hope you get to see this video. It's not over for you fam. I remember everybody in the media league was talking about it was over for Jingo Smith but they lied.


Look what Jingo doing right now. Jingo playing so damn good. He don't even know hisself no damn mo. When Geno look in that motherfucking mirror he gonna see Jingo. He don't see Geno all who he see he see a young Jamo. I talked shit about that blind ass Jam Winston but Jam Winston at one point in time was getting off. He might have threw four to down and threw Foldy picks but he was bald. I would like for him to get another starting job in the NF NFL too. Got him as a backup right now he is been a a great backup being a great league to East Quarterback but Jama Winston can still play ball too. I'm saying all this to say this.


Why Miami Dolphins ain't one out and got somebody That state motherfucker they got down there right now ain't it? If the Miami organization you owe it to the fans of Miami guy. Nothing. Y'all ain't one since 19 motherfucking 72 do you ain't since 70 y'all talk that shit about the Cowboy but the Dolphins ain't one since 72. Rick Ross don't egg a million wins and y'all ain't won shit. Go and get Cam new you on Colorado Sideline dressed terribly but go and get it. Go and get chance. All that bring back Ka never Ka on his Black Panther shit right now.


And I'm all for my brother but putting Kap on that field right now ain't going to do a motherfucking thing for Miami. I'm just being real. Kap ain't played in eight years and you think y'all finna put this man out there on the field and think he gonna do something. No he not. I like Cowboy yet representing us. That's why I like him man. My brother keep doing what you doing. You lost your job for what you believe in. I'll forever respect you Kap forever respect you for what you did and what you stood for. But before getting back on that motherfucking field, shit, it's off. It's off. Stay farm. DJ dramas from life as a gringo.


No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and and you of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might've, you know, inherited from our family.


And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Chris Broussard and Rob Parker. Here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with the legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself.


Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places. Well it's popping Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out boas.com. This is it your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve.


With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. Are you ready to have your bacon Love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full.


You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. I seen that motherfucking workout you did four years ago and I was impressed. Some of y'all be talking with it with y'all feelings. You gotta, you gotta be mindful of what's going on in the game.


You gotta put the players in there that can really do the job right now. Now if it was, if Ka was two or three years out of a job, I'll say hell yeah he still, he still can do it but right now, eight years out all them nuts he been busting shit. I respect him but putting him on the, we gotta be realistic. We gotta be realistic for organizers ain't you. Damn right. Four nine ain't wor nothing. They been getting there but they ain't worn. Yeah where you 49 fan at? Y'all can't even beat Minnesota but wanna come in here in this chat and talk shit about them boys. We the boys and yes my owner like to look at meats so who some of y'all too.


Y'all just ain't denial. Y'all better stop it and put some respect on them. Dallas Cowboys name. I'm not saying we going to the Super Bowl. Hell, I don't even think we gonna make it to the playoffs but I'm going to enjoy this ride we on because it's a rollercoaster ride. One week we up the next week we down. That's why I didn't really just celebrate that win the other day against the Giants because it's the giant. We supposed to beat the Giants. I wanna know what's going on with Michael Parson and I wanna know Mike Zimmerman, what's going on with your system fam? Let's talk football now. Last year Dan Quinn had them boys in every position to win. They were swarming to the ball. Now Michael Parson lost. Can't wait till the game over to go and get on his podcast.


I don't like he beat me to the damn podcast. Michael Sain ain't even take showers no more after the game. Nigga just must be running home getting on the podcast. Watch your balls fam can't get to the quarterback. Lying. Had a great week of practice. We gonna go out there and do what it do then I see you out there sweating. I ain't even sniff the motherfucking quarter back and you won a big contract. You gotta come on with it Pam, that you had a back, you had a better game. You had this year that you, you threw the ball. Well you know I gotta give you credit but it's the Giants you supposed to do that against the Giants. I want you to do it in January.


I wanna be at my house in front of the fireplace on one of them rabbit rugs I got. I've been lying saying it's mink to them whole but it's rabbit full of Bluetooth. Can't wait for us to win so I can go down through. Hell sex better when the cowboy win. It ain't good when your team lose. I can't sleep at night. Why not that I don't want none. It's just a simple fact. I can lost money. I'm a short loser when I lose I put my phone on do not disturb. I don't wanna be bothered. I need two or three days to give y'all that. 50 and 75 I on y'alls.


I make y'all make sometime I make them nigga wait three weeks for that $50 I on. I'm on the road fan. I'm busy. I ain't got time sending you that $50. When I get time at seven I'll send it to you. Telling you truth. Stick little fans y'all. I'm down here in Naptime. Y'all appreciate that majority. I'm down here in Naptime Steelers. Y'all playing the Indianapolis coach tomorrow. I can't wait to watch that game. Shout out to Justin Fields. You gonna took Russell Jobs. Sierra gotta get back on tour now. Ciara gotta get back on tour. Russell Wilson finna be a stay at home dad now tell you what Guy love playing a young team in the coach Anthony Richards gonna be a game tomorrow.


You know Mike to the defense Gonna throw the kitchen sink at Anthony Richardson tomorrow. But I think that young man gonna take a task man. I know statistically he ain't been having a great year since he just started but they got a win last week. That's all that matters. That's all. Man, them stats, them stats don't really matter to me man. It's all about the Ws for me. The Ws and the Ls, the more Ws you get, the better them stats going to come. Gotta be pacing sometime in this game. And like I, I text Anthony Rich because me and him cool I can say bro, good game. You got the W fuck them stats. That shit gonna come young man. Get them Ws right now. Hell tr diff wasn't no good quarterback for Bucks. Had a great defense. He didn't put up great numbers but they won.


That's all it matters. It's all about the W. Like this one chick told me bro I can't believe you lasted one minute nigga. It is okay. I still got it. I don't give a damn. I I still got it. You can't erase history ho. You can't erase what I did in you. Yes I went one minute but I gave you 75 strokes proven in your motherfucker now you didn't feel my meat but you failed me pinching your motherfucking arms though. How was it? Me? I didn't feel nothing but my arms hurt you. They do. 'cause I'm pinching your ass in that mother fingernails all in your shit. Calling you up. When I come out having sex, take a shower, go around my homeboy.


I beat that cat. Oh Lying like him. Oh you can't tell me no difference. See I'm gonna for man I'm always gonna make myself feel good in any situation. You can't hurt my feelings. Not at all. So you talking about my thing small, God gave it to me so now you wanna talk about God creation. That's what y'all doing ladies. You wanna talk about how much y'all love God and God created this small meat and you want to go against God. That's why you hold her. Faults like on the side when you turn 27 too much evilness in your ass. Your spirit bad. Your energy bad Huh?


Another storm in Florida, stop moving down there. You knew what motherfucker was having storm for. You went down there. Now you gonna move down there. Be cute, live close to the beach and go down them. Pop that pussy on them boats for them pimps. Then when a real nigga like me come along you think I'm gonna wife you up, never send your As down there with them. Haitians the one that Trump say eating cats and dogs. Yeah Kodak Trump say y'all eating cats and dogs And I'm telling Trump it ain't just Haitians. I didn't cats and dogs too. I know I egg a rock wall. I'm not bullshitting you and I know I done egg a side cat too. Y'all keep going. Them goddamn Chinese spot thinking you eating gone orange chicken shit.


You eating orange rats. No goddamn chicken. Them goddamn chicken. They goddamn big like that. That's a marsupial. That's why y'all nigga snitching. Your mama fed y'all rats when them Chinese up there in New York. New York got it bad. Y'all never been eating rats Y whole life now New York got a different kind of swag. If you ever been to New York you gotta go nigga. Them rats got Versace trench coats. I'm not bullshitting velvet. I'm do rag shit. I seen my first Gucci do rag on a rat. The nigga was on crutches. I ain't nigga had a wooden leg. I said nigga what happened to your leg man?


My, my my my Latino friend had a pit bull bit my leg. Y'all I don't wanna go with New York after one in the morning and she one of them big as rats. Scared the fuck outta you. I ain't bullshitting. Y'all seen a rat. I thought it was big. Fendi. My bad. Fendi. I love you but that's who I thought it was. Get the fuck outta me. I try and borrow some money from you. You know what I'm saying? I thought you, I thought you un fabulous breathe nigga. That's what I had to do. I had to breathe nigga when I realized there was a rat. Too much shit going on in the world. Man you got to be careful out him. Too much shit going on man. Love one another. Stop all that hating. Every week we burn somebody next week. It could be you. It could be me, it could be anybody. Tell your loved ones you love them now tell your side bitch stop fucking out for your bow.


I'm one of them niggas. I put hands on my side bitch allegedly Bitch you can't beat nobody but me. And I meant that when I'm on the road I better not hear about you with damn nigga. Bitch I cut your lights off in that motherfucker. Show over s that they dig it in the bible. They had no real lights with no power. I let man made shit. They had candle lights. I come in them bro. Your calendar I I'll take your, I'll take your calendar. My mama have. Look what God blessed us with mama. Smoke counts. Ain't God good. I do it. Y'all better be careful man. Y'all niggas mean to your side chicks when you old lady y already stressing you out then you can't go over there and lay with her 'cause you gonna talk shit to her.


Gotta be nice to your side chick. Them hoes will tell everything on your side. Chick know everything about your funky ass. I know mine do 'cause I pillow talk. Oh I don't even be knowing them hoes on the first night. I'm telling them hoes everything. Damn bro I don't even be telling you this shit. But I got Shaq on Gate code next week. Shaq get his do kicked down. My bad bam hole be making me talk. See them hole making me feel like a champ because the way they baby my one inch meat. I mean they be babying that motherfucker. They be oh he's so cute. They be petting that motherfucker. You goddamn damn right when that motherfucker get hard and you see every bang in that one inch.


It's trouble. Like I say all you nigga with big dicks. I hope y'all catch counsel. I'm hurt. Told y'all I went through my girl phone, seen a dick so big I canceled Crystal. That's true story. I never go through a woman phone again ever. My motherfucker lie. I don't care if she tried to give it to me. Look I don't want look traumatized from what I saw. I hit that like button man that can catch me in Augustson Texas. Next week, Friday, Saturday and Sunday five show Aon improv. Grab a motherfucking ticket. Don't jump in my dm. Ask me when I'm coming to Dollar because you know I'm coming to all my family up there. I'm ready to see y'all for buy motherfucking tickets. Don't you add me for damn free ticket.


It's a business. 12 of y'all already hit me a fan. I need to buy four tickets. Shit I need to buy 400 bucks. Fucker stop y'all. Y'all got y'all run out here and see J Cole. Them spend three or $400 on ticket. Buy all the now buying ball, smoking, hookers, got the hit tip bumps on your motherfucking lip and you can't come see me for $30. Never. I done bond you niggas outta jail. You niggas ain't gave me back my money. It's cool. It's cool. You think you getting out? Yeah Dub done come got me outta jail. I ain't paying that whole as nigga back. Nothing. Fuck that nigga. He got money. He good be gone and go outta town with your homeboy. Go on, go down there to the Dr. Do your thing when you outta town I'm pulling up to your house.


Come on. Don't worry, I'm gonna let your kid play my PS five nigga. I ain't that kind of but your old lady come here, come on over here and I'm gonna tell her be surprised. I like to do it with the lights off because I don't want them to see this morning. This killer might fuck around and blow her brains. I she see some shit like this. So I like to do it with the lights off dance when I get the get my hands ready to pinch this hole. Yeah you come home. Your hoe got bruises on our own. It's me, I'm the painter. Ain't nothing you can do about it either. No get outta line. I tell the laws as you put hands on your old leg and they gonna go over there and see the bruises on. They gonna know I'm ain't lying. Why these bruises come from He looking crazy. Shit. I told you soon they taking you jail.


I'm pulling up everything. All right. Come here Marilyn. What's up DC Man you know I got love for Marilyn man. I'll be out there soon. Shout to my people in Arizona right now man to watching this show. Hey man I just be keeping the 100 man. These niggas get on these podcasts and be lying. That's one thing I ain't gonna do on this podcast. I'm gonna lie. I'm gonna keep it 100 with y'all. Get y'all real comedy that y'all be deserving to have. Man. Some of y'all depressed right now. Your pockets ain't right. Some of you gonna fucked up the re-up. Some of you owe plug. Niggas counting money three $4,000 on the internet going live. Get plug. They motherfucking money, they already calling and threatening you. Next they gonna go down there and scare your mama. Nigga, turn that money in man.


True story. My homeboy rang off from the plug about two weeks ago. True story. He owed me $7,500. Man he called me man fam, I done fucked up bro. I done fucked up D Man. I owe the plug $7,500. They tell me if I don't give him that money they gonna kill me. Can you help me And this true story. They niggas in my dm. Man. Your partner got down, we gonna kill you. Gonna gimme, you gonna get that money. I told my pocket pull up man. I got you. I ain't tripping. I'm a real nigga. He pulled up and he said man 7,500. I pull out $7,500 but I gave him $75. You talking about you love God. Let's find that. Let's see your faith. I already called his mama.


Hey man, how you doing? I'm all right. We lost him in Hung she can watch you on the news when she figure out what I'm talking about. We lost him not giving that nigga no 7,500 motherfucking dollar never. He didn't spend it with me. He didn't share 7,500 with me. I'm gonna give you 75. That's something you come up with the rest talking about y'all saying, oh you a whole ass nigga. Shit. I been told y'all that. I ain't right the head. I ain't right. Shit. I ain't gonna be able to do it. Getting out watching this show, tuning in. Thank y'all for tuning in man. I gotta get ready to go back out on stage and do my thing. I love y'all. Make sure y'all like this shit. Make sure y'all surely shit getting to coming section, man.


Next week I'm flying somebody out to a football game with me so get ready. So get in the chat. Let me know you in the chat. Let me know you rocking with me. Let me know. You gonna subscribe Josh. What's up Brandon? What's up Monique? How you doing mama? But Bernard, what's up Red Johnson, shout out there. Everybody of my life I pray to God bless y'all with another another week. Take your ass to work Monday. Some of you ain't got no PTO and complaining. Take your ass to work because you on thin line right now. He already done told your boss you got one more time in your ass outta left and you still wanna go and talk shit to the other coworkers. Them other coworkers going back telling what you saying, keep your damn mouth closed until you find you something better. Like my anger done. Went to work nephew.


I done went to work and told them people Charles got busted with dope. Now they taught my drug. Tested me. Keep your motherfucking mom closed. You dumb ho. Why would you tell them that? Can you pee for me n Matter of fact, I'm be honest, I peed for my anger, but y'all know I've been smoking weed like a motherfucker so I know she failed that motherfucking drug test. Bitch you won't have me for nothing else. That's my time. Y'all been great out The. Volume High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five.


casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five Casino. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me.


Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play. If you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bos.com. It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Word prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over Real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful.


Now imagine, Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's odo o.com.