
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What it do everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub tonight. Yeah, we just got through watching the Engel playoff game Ram Fresh Sugar Viking Vikings were 14 and three. La Rams was 10 and seven. But before I even dive into that, got a special, got a special guest tonight too y'all. But stay tuned for that. Also hit the like button right now. Hit the subscribe button right now. Y'all see where I'm dressed? I ain't bullshitting play all time.


Stepping my game up baby. Yeah, new clothes. Yeah, new. Yeah. Cocaine white. Come on. Not playing no games with y'all. I told y'all it's going down in 2025. Damnit. That's what we doing. Gang started off tonight. I ain't gonna lie. I gotta be, I picked the to beat the but boy was I. Them damn Rams came out. Fire staff boy. Aint not the mall. Ain't not the goddamn mall of Miracle by the bikers today. Sam Dawn them. Yeah, Sam bring eggs and ham trash. Sam Durham is fools.


Go play good all motherfuck. But when to get to the big games, Minnesota. Y'all always fucking up. The state of Minnesota don't deserve this. Y'all had everybody inside Sam. Oh my god. We got him for one year, 10 million. He changed everything around. Nor the hell he didn't got sacked eight times tonight. Holding on to the motherfucking ball. You gotta let the ball go. Common sense as a quarterback. One second, two seconds, three seconds. Ball gotta come out. You knew at that first drive that that motherfucking defense fucker Rams was coming, they was coming for you all night and you steady sitting in the pocket like a dirt stuck in the head like let the damn ball go, Don let the ball go.


You and Justin Jefferson linked up all year but all of a sudden this game, y'all can't seem to get on the same page. What the hell going on? What book y'all reading? Because you damn sure wasn't on the same page tonight. But we ain't gonna talk about what the Vikings didn't do. We gonna talk about what the Rams did do and that was take advantage of their opportunities. Now Matthew Staffer came out that first drive on fire and not do me on fire. That shows me a team right there that was prepared. I told y'all Sean mc Bay, we gonna make sure his team prepared and de day look like it tonight. Yeah they look like tonight and and that and LA Strong right now.


I dunno if them wildfires behind this team. I dunno what in the, but the damn LA rounds look good tonight. They got the rounds next week. We'll get to that game in a minute. But speaking on this game right here, Hey Sam Donor got sacked eight times. Y'all Ram Defense ain't looked that good all motherfucking year but they peaking at the right time. When I say peaking it's kind of reminding me of the New York Giants. Where Eli Manning? Y'all remember Eli bullshit it off through the regular season but he counted they got in the playoffs and they get started rolling. This could be that right here. What I'm thinking the LA Rams don't be surprised y'all.


I'm saying this now. I don't think it's going to happen but it wouldn't surprise me that next week that the LA Rams could surprise the Philadelphia Eagles. Now I know the Eagle fans in here right now talking. Come on, you tripping. No no I'm not because you think Matthew Staff quarter look you a motherfucking liar and I know the Eagle shot the number one defense. I know this, this I know but if you ain't getting to Matthew Stafford he would do what he did tonight. That's all them saying because the quarterback for the Eagles hurts. He ain't looking too damn good right now. Now maybe next week he'll come out and ball out but I'm just going off the eye test. I gonna go off the numbers, I gonna go off they bs.


I'll go off what I see now if you ask me who the bigger quarterback I got Jalen Hurt and Matthew Staffer. But goddammit is Matthew Stafford because he got him one. Yes, Jaylen Hurt got the Eagles to the Super Bowl but they lost. That's all I'm saying right now. Even at you at 35, 36 years old, 37 years old, Matthew Stafford is a better quarterback than Jaylen Hurt. Do they have a better running back? Eagles do. Yes they do. Sayquan Walker no doubt. But Kyron Williams not a slouch. Now you gotta hold onto the damn ball though. You gotta hold onto the ball. Kyron win if you think you gonna beat the Eagles next week because they gonna be because they know you got a fumbling problem and they gonna be punching and trying to knock the ball out your hands.


But I'm just so disappointed in the nigga. So 14 and three lose to a 10 and 17, what the hell going on? That ain't supposed to happen. Y'all were supposed to beat the Rams at the end of the day. The Minnesota Viking was supposed to beat the Rams and they didn't. And don't forget because I got the BRANDgo stats on this show and it's my fault for picking the Viking because the Rams beat them early in the season. Remember early the 20 couple of weeks ago. So that being said, leading up to the matchup coming next week match between the Philadelphia Eagles and the LA Rams real talk and I I got Philly winning that game. It's gonna be close but I think next week Jalen hurts and AJ Brown gonna start hooking up.


I really do. I think they gonna finally find they mojo because lemme be AJ Brown was finding his mojo with Tan McKee and and and and what's that other Kenny Pickett? They were throwing him the ball backer than Arnold Hurst was throwing it to him. But I think this week they make a a a conscious effort to get AJ Brown more involved in the game. Like I said last night you gotta go with AJ Brown early. Yeah first play if you have to run a out run a comeback, whatever it is, get him the ball So you can get him involved in the game then you can go right back to the Runger game. Same way with the LA Rounds came out today. They came out tonight passing the motherfucking ball. I think they was like 11 passes to one room.


They wasn't bullshitting, they was establishing their pass game. We gonna throw the ball on y'all and ain't nothing you can do about it. We gonna put everybody in motion because that's what the Rams do. If y'all watch them they the number one motion team in the league preach snap. They sending somebody in motion. They trying to see if you in man or his zone. That's what they do. Now do I feel like the Eagles could be well prepared for this? I do but the eagle just lost They they started lying back a dean he's out so that's going and that's gonna be a problem because we all know Sean McVay hey he gonna find a weakness and he going to exploit it. So look for the running backs for the LA rounds to start coming out the backfield more next week trying to get matched up with linebackers. That's what son do he find matchups and that's what a good coach do.


They find mismatches and they exploit it but I think the Philadelphia Eagles front will be able to get to Stafford in time so he won't be able to do no damage now that's what I got going on next week. I'm looking for the Philadelphia Eagles to defeat the LA realms And I know like I say the wildfires and everybody houses out there caught on fire. All the rich motherfuckers that should be exact. Ain't no poor motherfucker how a caught on fire. Thank God only them rich 20, 30, $40 million. Man that's burning down insurance company Say we ain't giving you motherfuckers nothing. You got a 50 million you don't need no motherfucker So you don't need me to bail you out, bail yourself out.


That's what they say. I don't think it's right but hey what do I know no insurance company no more than we know. But back to the subject at hand. I got the Philadelphia Eagles winning. Think they playing next Sunday. I got the Philadelphia Eagles winning 28 18. That's the score. 28 18 Philadelphia Eagles. That's what I got. Yeah and then then also you got coming up now we can talk about it tonight. You got the Detroit Lines going against the Washington Commander Commander just came off a great win last night against the Tampa Bay Books. I'm not taking nothing away from y'all on that win because y'all did your motherfucking job well done. Well lemme tell you something tonight, your season over So you can go ahead and take that rot ass meat out your freezer.


Go ahead and tenderize it. Go ahead and seasoning all that because after that it's over. And I love Jayden Daniels. What he been able to do? I like what Dan Quinn being able to do first hit First time. I mean he was First time being Washington this year. He worked with the Cowboy last year. Jake and Daniels rookie. I like what he's been able to do with that team. Y'all gotta continue to build, keep adding pieces over there. But right now I don't see nobody beating the Detroit lines right now. I think it's the Detroit year and I know Detroit fans. Y'all want to hear that shit. I'm just calling it like I said it. I think it's y'all year right now. I think if y'all win the Super Bowl Real talk.


I think Ford should give everybody in America free trucks. Y'all been making motherfucking money off fussing. 1912. Do you hear me? Ford been making money off us Americas since 1912. The motherfucker got trillions of dollars they ought to give everybody on free Ford F150 trucks. Henry Ford rode over in this motherfucking grave right now knowing that Detroit got a chance to go to the Super Bowl and win the city of Detroit need a Super Bowl. Real talk them goddamn pawn shops on food right now Y'all up in Detroit. They gotta to pull out a they they they put out a stereotype.


All this poor it's broken down. It's some motherfucking money in Detroit. I'm not bullshitting y'all. Them goddamn casinos going on down there. Only thing, sorry in Detroit right now is Eminem Spaghettis and them damn pistons. That's it. Everything else in Detroit are dope. I love everything about Detroit, the food good women D shit you can go to Detroit and get a bad don't let these people get on tv. CNN and and all this other shit lie to y'all. It's going down in Detroit. Them boys thriving up there in Detroit. I got Detroit winning against the Washington Commanders next week.


Real talk Now if anybody wanna make that bet damnit we can make it. I'm willing 1500 on the line. You big bag ass Washington fans. Put your money where your mouth feels. Just telling you when I'm seeing Jerry go gonna get the job done. Oh yeah he gonna get the job done and wouldn't it be something I know it probably won't happen. Detroit in the face, the LA Rams I'm just talking, I'm just throwing shit out there. You know Matthew Stafford used to play in Detroit right Do used to be in la What if that was a matchup again wouldn't that be something do against Stafford NC Champ?


Man that gonna be awesome but I don't see it happening. I see the Eagles in the Detroit in the NC championship basing off now got a C. You got the badass, you got them bag ass Ravens go going to get the buffalo bills now we know what happened early in the season. Lamar Jackson and Derek Henry big back ass ran all over them. Goddamn boy ran all over them. And you think they the thing you a mother fucking lie. If it ain't broke damnit don't fix it. So you think next Saturday or Saturday night? Not Sunday night. Next Sunday night six 30 You gonna think they gonna do that same formula You lie they gonna come out running that ball and Derrick Henry don't beat Greg.


Think about Derrick Henry. You could have been a cowboy. You could have been right here with us at the motherfucking house. So you made the right decision going up there B them more? Yeah I said it. You made the right decision going up there in Baltimore because if you a cowboy you'll be at the motherfucking house sick. You be at the house sick Speaking of them rad cowboy. They done got rid of Mike McCourtney. Come here. You get your big bur belly ass up outta him. I'm loving what? I heard the news today now I know what y'all saying Doug come on dog. He didn't get fired. Let me tell you the reason why I'm saying he got fired when a nigga and as as a head coach get let go, he got fired.


They post that shit all over the new fired. Well God damnit I'm doing the same thing to him. Mike McCartney got fired. I know he had your on his contract that they, they didn't want me to stand. So guess what, you got to go. I'm not bringing you back. It's the same thing. It's getting fired or we letting you go. It's the same thing. I ain't doing no different than what they do to us. So lemme do what I do. They like to do damage control. I'm gonna do it too now. Now the people they saying, they saying Coach Prime. I told y'all he might not go but he has talked to him. I told y'all all this shit. I got my sources nigga John Gru. Yep Chucky he back. I wouldn't mind having John Gru.


I think He can go in there and get the most out of that even though we ain't gonna be able to get rid of him right now. I think He can go in there and get the most outta Michael Port. We need a hoard nose coach to go there. That ain't gonna take no shit Psych some of y'all y'all get on this internet and talk all kind of shit. All kind of shit on this internet. But in real life some of you niggas soft get slapped, punched around and everything but you'll jump on line like you really a gangster. Don't do that. You ain't gotta act gangster with me because I seen your ass to jail threaten me. You're gonna jail with ain't fight. I'm not, I'm not Finn wrestle with your ass either.


You gonna harm who? Hold on say it again When I pull my phone out and press record. Say it again. Some of y'all be on here arguing with people. Stop arguing with people. Let people say what they wanna say. I don't give a damn what none of y'all say. I'm gonna live my life real to y'all Talking about my teeth. I don't give a damn these motherfucker beautiful, curly and white God damn right Thot get so and these ain't going nowhere. These ain't Damon dads. These ain't composite these porcelain. I still got my real teeth. Come here I can't hear because some of you nigga snaggle too real to not you.


I still got mine and I'm gonna let mine shine too. You damn right. I know y'all wondering who I got as a special guest. Well hold on I'm gonna get to it in a minute but I gotta talk about some other shit that's going on in my life right now. It's story time with me. Tell y'all what's going on in my life. Right motherfucker now my baby mama don't wanna let me carry them kids on her taxes. The fuck you mean? I've been giving you money out motherfucking year and you mean to tell me you ain't gonna let carry my kids on taxes. Smoke in the city. You know how many people I owe. I owe a plug right now they been giving me free shit. I'll give thinking when I get my taxes I'm gonna give them some now shit I owe people my life on the line.


I need that social security card and God damnit I'm gonna get shit. I already talked to my cousin 'cause that's who doing my taxes. You know what I'm saying? I was gonna go h and r Block. They told me I was gonna get back three bands. I go with my cousin, she told me she gonna gimme me back eight. Who y'all think I'm going to? I'm gonna my cousin. Even though I know she ain't got her license, I don't give a damn. I see money in my eyes. Real. Y'all know ain't lying. Y'all be going everybody. Most black people do it man. How much you think you give back? Oh I can get you back. Oh alright. I'm holler you. Hey how much you can gimme back? I can get you back Selma. We going with the Selma Every, I'm going with the


Selma. Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts


Now my baby mama, they gonna tell me she ain't gonna let me catch shit Around. Come up missing, come up missing with me. I got some shit to do with that money. I got a whole lot of motherfucking ball in the door. Yeah I owe the plug but I'm only going to give him 40% of what I owe him. Damn right. I'm going right down here in h time to Texas Wind Wheel and get me some 17 inch damnit. I'm gonna be swinging down H time. Real tall banging screw when I come through real talk. Y'all know we gonna do right when we get our taxes shit we buying everything.


We ain't had what we didn't have last year. We getting this year Real talk shit. What them Texan fans at? What Them Texan fans that y'all come on in here because y'all feeling y'all self right now. Come on in here Texan fans. I ain't forgot about y'all. I know y'all playing the Kansas City Chiefs. I ain't forgot about y'all. Y'all come on here. My Texan fans. I get the check up right now. I got a special guest. Yeah, he a big Texan fan too. Yeah, he a big Texan fan too. Bring him on. Yeah, bring fam on. Yeah, bump be in the building. Bumpy. What's good fam Man? Don't you ever leave me on hold for 20 minutes 'cause your baby mama won't give you no goddamn social security card.


Need the fuck that got to do with me sitting in the waiting room. Boom. I, I'm trying to get some money but I been broke all year. I been giving her extra change all throughout the year knowing tax season. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna give it back. Well let, lemme ask you this. How was the funeral? How would the what? The funeral you look like you came from a Cowboy's funeral. Lemme tell you something, Bumby, I really did come from a funeral too. I don't know who was in that ca. I went to eat Real Talk. I didn't know who was in that casket. I went to eat fam Real Talk. I was fake crying like a motherfucker. So you just be putting on black and and and funeral hopping. Yeah. Yeah it was a white, they ain't know that dude do black people but shit.


Yes he did. You Real passed rebounding ass nigga at this And that be the best food too. Rep Good. It do be good food at the Repas. Real tall. Yeah. My, yeah my cowboy we died three weeks ago. Well we died the first second season to be youngest with you. But we ain't talking about them. Rad Cowboy. We talking about them Texas. Y'all got the Chiefs what's going down? The defense came come like they came this weekend man we can, we can win up there. Straight business. Y'all can win in that cold weather. I think so. I think we can win in that cold weather because if it come down to the run game we got that. Oh Mix nice, mix Nice. I ain't gonna lie. Mix is nice.


I just hate but we got, they they they gonna to get that boy killed though. That old line Got it. They gonna get him killed out there. Yeah. I just hate the fact that y'all ain't full of strength with, you know with Diggs and then you got Tank dale out. I just want to see y'all at full of strength going up against the Chiefs now. I do. I will admit Bond. I ain't gonna lie. Your defense surprised me the other day. I think they surprised theyself the other day, you know what I'm saying because they know what's on the line. They know that they got a good chance to go to to, to, to to the championship game if they bring everything they got. But the offense just wasn't working. Like you said, we don't have our best version of ourself of the Texan team.


That being said man, we can still win. We wanna win. We got the will but the boy magic up there in Kansas City, this magic, they gotta get to him. They gotta keep it within a possession. You know what I'm saying? If they get a two possession lead on us, it's gonna be hell coming back. It's gonna come down to play calling because we playing Andy Reed For sure. It's gonna, it's gonna really, really come down to play calling, you know what I'm saying from the offense. You know we gotta really try to switch some things up, hide some shit in these different packages, you know what I'm saying? And, and just, I mean we gotta play the best football this this team has ever played this weekend. You gonna think the moment gonna be too big for cj. You think he's, you think he's ready for this moment?


No, I think he shook it off last week. I think he shook it off this weekend. You know what I'm saying Because if you notice he was running the ball a lot more than he done ever ran this season. I think watching Ohio State win made him think about him back in Ohio State. But he used to run that hole and then he look at him there, he go out there running big runs too. 20, 30 yards. That's what we need. That's gonna be a defining factor. If cj, you know, check his reads, he ain't got nowhere to go and but he see a little opening and he go for it. You know I think during the season he's worried about getting injured and trying to make it this far, you know what I'm saying? But I think, I think he up for it now. I watched him play on that especially in that second half. Like they end up having all the confidence.


They was like man we can whoop these boys today. We can whoop these boys today. Well we gotta get on our note. But if the defense come and handle they business like they did this weekend man Yeah we we can put something on them chiefs. Well you know the special recipe like I told you make su boy get them tri burgers, they'll go up there and beat Kansas City. Don't let 'em eat Nugget. They barbecue up though. Twos up though. I'm trying, I'm trying to have a player meeting at the stove this week. I'm trying to get a grill set up out there in Kansas City but the goddamn it's gonna be hard to cook. It's gonna be so goddamn cold outside. Definitely Cold. They need, they ain't gonna lie. All respect to Kansas City and they fans. They cool fans. They, they welcome me when I went up there earlier this year man. But we gotta teach 'em how to tailgate bro. Yeah We gotta teach him how to tailgate.


Tailgate. We gotta teach the NFL how to tailgate man. I done been to some real, sorry, I done got some real sorry plates at some of these tailgates going up to to to the New England to play them in the playoffs. Man. I'm talking about just a hotdog on a bun and some sauerkraut. Man, black people don't eat no goddamn damn sauerkraut. Hell go man, super trans but let, let, let's let like let's get these people know bud. You you doing the rodeo thing again this year? I am. I'm doing the rodeo March 7th Black Heritage Day. We back again for the fourth time. Man you doing it big. Everybody's talking about it Bond like I appreciate that last year too. When we doing that video, you putting it up on the jumbotron Man that was super dope man.


If you in eighth time, matter of fact I don't give a damn where you at when bomb B doing this rodeo thing. You got to be, you had Megan there didn't you last year didn't you? No, last year we had Drake. Drake, yeah, yeah, yeah they had d Drizzy champ Pat the sixth guard. I'm going so big this year. I just closed on something so big this year. I can't believe it's going to happen now this this one here because everybody was like ain't no way you can out do last year. But we out doing last year when I close on today, it's a game change. It's a game change. I asked you wish though we getting another album from you man. Yeah, yeah. I'm working on something right now. We finishing up this album with me and Cory Mo, my partner Cory Mo, we just finished a new album, it's called Waymo Trill. So that's gonna probably come out right after the rodeo 'cause we gonna use south by go out and push and promote it and then get it out there to the people.


But yeah, nah, I ain't done rapping. I'm selling burgers but that ain't my day job. That a side hustle For sure. For sure. And, and and I I like to see that from, from my OGs you know, from the rap game and venturing off to other ventures and and and thriving. Same way you thriving in the music same way you thriving in, in in in the restaurant business man. And if it's anything you would like to say to the, the young up and coming artists right now, you wanna say something to 'em that they ain't really getting that push ain't really getting that recognition that they deserve. What were some of what you would, what you would say to them right now I think in this climate? Well I think, I think a lot of young talent and I think that they need to meet somebody stand next to somebody to get a verse or a beat from somebody. And that's what they missing to, to become famous.


But you pass it up all the people that make you famous and that's the people, the fans I think they need to do like you, they need to take more advantage of YouTube. They can interact with their fans more. Bring them into their experience. 'cause you're not just selling music, you're selling your lifestyle to people too. People, they like the music but they really want to know what you into on a daily basis. How y'all move around, how you get down. You know what I'm saying? So take the people along for the journey. You know what I'm saying? It don't matter if you're getting 300 views, 400 or 50 views man, that shit gonna start adding up. They gonna tell they partners, you know what I'm saying? And it's gonna eventually get somewhere where you can make enough money to sustain yourself. Gonna take a while to get rich. You see bub, that that that jury ain't real but he making some decent money. He, you know what I'm saying, he leveling up as he go.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That he borrowed that coat but still he, he's progressing, you know what I'm saying? But he come here, he shares life. He tells stories about him and his baby mama. He talk about football that help him build a deeper bond with people. You know what I'm saying? That go beyond what he do on stage. So I encourage everybody man, take these people on your journey. Don't wait till you making it to show 'em that you did it. Show 'em how you making it right. Let 'em see you 'cause they want to see you win. It's just like we follow sports and we wanna see certain teams win. People follow artists and they see certain people career and they want to, they wanna see you win, sell you some $20 t-shirts. You know what I'm saying? You sell a hundred t-shirt, $20 t-shirts a month. That's two racks. That's good money for a up and coming artist.


Facts. Facts. That's good money. That's 24 racks at the end of a year. That's good money that'll pay for the studio. You know what I'm saying? That'll help you pay your little, your baby mama give her a couple of dollars, buy a little, you know coach purse something you know, but you gotta y listen people wrong for it. You can't just be out here waiting to do it and then be like I told you so now take people along with your journey. You know what I'm saying? Let people see everything you're doing when you winning, when you losing and they gonna be the main ones that carry the torch for you. I like that bond. I appreciate that. And also I, I'll say this too and some of these niggas need to get they CDLs. I'm just being real man. Like you know sometimes we, you think you got it and and you ain't got it and people telling you afam this ain't it.


Maybe you could be a writer or something or a producer. But sometime people gonna be wanting to hear that constructive criticism and be and they gonna want to hear it so they just keep doing it and doing it before you know it. Times done went by man you gonna wasted your time. You could have been doing it somewhere else man. Keep it as a high bell till you get paid for it. That's all I tell anybody young, old, if you gonna do this music, if it's not paying your bills, keep it as a hobby. Go to the studio, do what you wanna do, make your music, put it out there. You know what I'm saying? But don't quit your day job. Don't put your life and your family life and the future on the line because you got a pipe dream to stand next to some nigga. You know what I'm saying? Take care of your business, pay your bills when the door open, push on it and because you got a job you'll actually have some money to put behind when the shit take off.


But until you make more money with music than you make at your day job, don't you put your goddamn family in, in a fucked up position out there trying to play and run behind these niggas. Man, that's not how it go. That's not how you do it. You hustling backwards. Take your time. Take your time. I hope y'all listening to the og bum B right now man. He giving y'all serious game on this. And like you say, you said some real shit like on your YouTube. No matter if you getting two or 300 views, you just gotta keep pushing man. You gotta be consistent. That's something I learned being consistent in this game. I tell people a lot of people hit me up all the time 'cause I'm around a lot of people. I'm like man I don't ask people for shit man. I just grind it out and and and gig it on my own man because that's the best way at the end of the day because you know, you get some people like you say Bo they just wanna come around, you'll be around you but, but that ain't doing nothing.


You know what I'm saying? Like what's your hustle at the end nigga of the day? What's your hustle? If I'm digging gone and you been around me, I'm digging, what are you gonna do now? And I've seen that. I done seen that in real time, you know what I'm saying? Putting everything in, in in somebody else basket hoping that they going win and then somebody get locked up or somebody die and then you put your whole life on pause waiting for somebody else to win So you can bask in they sunlight and now you done put everything on the, on the side now you far to something trying to regroup. It's not, it's not realistic like I say it, it, it is no there's nothing wrong with being a weekend warrior, you know what I'm saying? Going to the studio on the weekend, doing some music, hanging out with your partners and all of that.


Ain't nothing wrong with that. It's just like if you play basketball and on the weekend on the black tie or if you playing flag football on the weekend, you're not finna quit your day job for flag football 'cause you know you're not finna go pro do no shit like that. So hang with your partners on the weekend, kick it, do whatever make your music. You know what I'm saying? That shit might pop off like a mellow ball. You know what I'm saying? At, at Angelo the Ball brothers, they over there getting some paper one producing one rapping, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That sound like a beat that pip made 30 years ago. For Real though. You know what, I'm for real though. So because you never, there ain't no way they knew that was going viral, you know what I'm saying? So you really never know. Take your time, be patient and just keep shooting your shot.


You know what I'm saying? And if, if you never know what could happen with the music but you gotta be confident and consistent. That was the key thing that you said. Especially with YouTube niggas that do it two or three weeks, they don't get 10, 20,000 views. They like fuck this, this ain't working. No. 'cause people don't know and you gotta be consistent because if you tell 'em we hear Tuesday nights, we hear Thursday nights or they know you, you coming two, three times a week, they gonna be expecting it but them two weeks where you don't do it, you going to lose them. Yeah. But that's how you get from 300 views to 300,000 views just being consistent. I heard it right there from from from Bond one of one of the greatest MCs to, to ever do it. I'm gonna ask you this and I ain't gonna hold you that much longer.


Did you, did like I say about five years ago, did you see yourself where you see yourself at not being this in this food chain Tri burgers like three Three. If you've told me three years ago my life would've changed with a hamburger, I'd have told you a bitch ass life. Like for real. There's no way you could have told me that this was going to happen but I was open for an opportunity to do something different and take all of this other shit that I've learned with music and concerts and doing business and all of these things to see if it could lend itself to something else. Because you know, I spent a lot of years the, you know getting paid two in the morning in the back room with pistols, with drug drugs and street niggas. I don't want to have to keep doing that. You know what I'm saying? At this age I shouldn't be For Sure.


I should be moving into something different. I ain't saying I can't still go out do the old school tour and shit, get my little moves on and shit hit my little two step. That's cool. And that's still good money. I still made good money from that but I knew that I could take the skills that I had learned and do something different with it. And when the burger came to me it all made sense. I said I know exactly how to apply everything I learned from being on tour, promoting marketing, building a brand, I could take that and do it with this burger. And that's what we doing. Did Lemme ask you a question. Did did the, did this burger thing you doing, did it open up doors that the rap didn't open up for you? I would've never been asked to perform at Coachella.


I would've never been asked to perform at Roland Loud. I'd have never been asked to perform at Made in America. All these different big places and opportunities. I only played golf. I just loved Reggie Jackson's golf tournament. They ain't invite me 'cause I played golf. They ain't invite me 'cause I got burgers. Hmm. You know what I'm saying? The burgers is open doors for me. That music couldn't, you know what I'm saying? As as as you know we two Grammy nominations, millions of records sold. Yeah. It still didn't put me in a position to be able to be on the stage like Coachella. But I get to bring my brand to a place like Coach Helen. I still get money, I still get motion, you know what I'm saying? I still represent the culture in the way I'm supposed to. So now this thing is continuing to open doors for me that the music really couldn't.


But it's the respect that I built up through the music that a lot of burgers to move through these places because I ain't never fucked over nobody and most niggas owe me. I just helped everybody. So now my, a lot of people just giving me back love I already gave them. That's funny you say that because you know that's one thing I ain't never heard no dur on your name about Bond. Every time somebody talk about you, it's always been solid, great guy. A motivator and you know some, some people you always gonna hear some shit on somebody. I guess the way life is but with you it's like it ain't no spot on your name Bond. You, you, you always been a standup guy. Ever since I first started meeting you, you been a standup guy.


You always hit me up. Hey come down here, this and that. You invited me. I took a suite. Like most people don't do that bond. Like just being most people gonna do that. Big a genuine. That's why I think you gonna continue to thrive and shit until, until you be a hundred years old, you gonna continue to do your thing. I just want, I just appreciate you too because you know you gonna call me sometimes you gonna text me, you gonna talk shit. And that's what I like. Like because we got that kind of friendship, we got that kind of bum. We can do that with one another man. 'cause some people they gonna do that. They'll get mad, they'll feel some kind of way like no I know it's all love at the end of the day. And that's what you supposed to be like a joke with your homie. Talk shit to your homie. That's what it's all about. That's The whole point. And I appreciate you for coming on this show.


A lot of my fans, they are your fans as well. You know that they love you. So appreciate you for coming on the bubble. Do so bun, I gotta get you back again. I'm coming to the rodeo this year too. I'm come, Come see us. Come see us man. March on all of y'all come see tickets. Go on sale Thursday. Y'all here that Thursday. Go and get them tickets to the rodeo with bomb B. God bless. Thank you fam for tuning in with us man. Nah, you know I'm a subscriber too. Do so. Don't trip. I'm here. All right, appreciate it Famo. Y'all keep be Tri man. Keep it Trip long. Little Pimp. Yes sir. Told y'all I have a special guest man. Bun be in the building man. It's the OG right there man. Y'all always keep it solid with me man. Real talking.


If you watching this show then you know it being presented by prospects. Scan that barcode right there. Real talk. Put in my promo code trash with the two Hs. Your First time user you put $5 in, you get 50 instantly. Real talk man. You bet. More or less on your favorite player.


So that's one thing about this game man. When you, when you solid, when you, when you a solid person man you, you, you'll bump into solid people man. And real people do real things man. You know sometimes people beat like Bond, y'all gonna know this but Bun just got in from a flight like he was in Miami, he just got in from a flight maybe 10, 15 minutes he could have been tired. Say, Hey fa, I'm tired, I'm gonna just chill, I'll catch you another time. But he was still like, nah look bro I'm gonna come on on the show with you and rock out with you. So I always appreciate people like that. That's why if he ever called me or need me, I, I'm doing it for him. I ain't charging him shit like most niggas do. Ah man I need this and that. Nah bun ever call me or need me for something, he know I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna do it for the free just for the love and respect that he got for me.


I got the same for him. I nigga why they real good people man. So, so shout got to bond for that. We can get back to the sports situation. I see the Lakers back in LA tonight playing Win Umble due to the circumstances going on the LA right now man I still feel like the Lakers rival linker. We need a big man at the end of the day we need a big man 10 man Anthony Davis. He, I don't know how long he gonna be able to stand on his goddamn two legs y'all. I don't know. I don't know what kind of bones this nigga got. I nigga got bones up. He gone if you ask me Anthony Davis got the bones of a damn gu some days He can go out and get you 35, 40 points some game.


This motherfucker gonna to get you left point. You know what I'm saying? I I just don't know as a Laker fan. I don't know. I know Kobe up there wherever he at. I know he ain't smiling right now at the lake. I know he not. Shaq your big foot ass where you at fam. You do all that talking shit on TNT. God Damnit call rapper Linker. It's your old team bro. 40 years old y'all. He can't no longer carry a team by himself. We know that. I'm no longer on my show talking about the goat. Nah I'm not doing all that shit. Right. I'm not doing all that. I'm just simply saying man the Lakers got what it take. They got LeBron, they got Anthony Davis, they need another big man. They need another big man or get a big man go out and get Bradley bill where y'all can compete for a championship.


That's all the Lakers known for is competing with championship. They not competing right now at all man. They competing on who got the best damn weed. Who got the best cars up there. That's what them niggas doing. Competing on who got the best wig. Who got the who can drive the best car to the down to to work. That ain't gonna do it. I want a fucking wing.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I don't know. I don't know what to say about the Lakers no more. I know y'all seen my boy Jaylen Green for rockets go off today. He had 42 against on on JA week 42. I told y'all them home cooked meals. Dre cooking got this young nigga balling everybody else on the floor tied sit for this nigga. You know why he got that green juice in Got them juicy in and shit going through a bloodstream. Got that young nigga on point. If you ain't been watching Jalen Green tune in and watching What I'm telling y'all nigga like a bunny rabbit tonight and we all know Ja Moran all over the place but he couldn't touch Jalen Green tonight and they head coach they got for the rock do the one was up there arm body rocking them, arm them on them arm a bad something.


He a bad soma bitch don't you leave your girl around you don. Shit that nigga cheated on me alone. What you think he gonna do to your shit? You can't leave him in the room full of holes and inspect him not to cheat. See telling y'all the truth, they tried to paint a on that man and all this and that but the man is a good coach. The man had Boston Celtic doing what they was doing too. Y'all forgot he had them damn Celtic that that coach for tic y won last year. But that's you doca team. Yo Doka put that damn team together. Let's be real. Let's be real. And I spoke about some shit earlier. Going back to the NFL now because I be all over the place.


You know I like to put everything in the gumbo pop box but pot. But I'm gonna show y'all what I'm talking about right now man. About Mike McCarthy? Yes, Mike McCarthy got a Super Bowl ring. I get it, I get it. But lemme tell y'all some real shit. That motherfucker better not get no job before Gerard may. Do you hear me? He better not. Oh I'm filing a grievance Rob. Five. That man got one season four and 13 David four and 13. Duh. Come on. Hell Bill, bill check didn't do shit your first year. Evil not did did Bill Belichick do something at first You in New England, hey law didn't but when you out color we gonna to get that many motherfucking chances and I'm sick of it.


The NFL what? 70, 75% black. Stop it. Give that man a chance to do something. He ain't have no callback. Who hell have up there? Don't nobody wanna go No damn New England the Ghost are EZ still running through them damn locker rooms up there in Foxborough or Gillette stated. I mean y'all knew it. Y'all knew y'all wanted Mike Ber. Why y'all just didn't tell that man when y'all got ready to sign the contract. Jerard you played for us. We like you. We think you a brilliant young man. We wanna bring you in for one year. You know, until we get the head coach that we really want, it's okay to be honest. You Rob Araf, you'll big now.


It's okay to be honest with the people and let them know that man thinking he was gonna come back next year but the whole time y'all knew he wasn't start being upfront with the people. Man, I knew y'all was gonna hire Mike Fra. I told my homeboy that. Yeah man you know they gonna hire Mike Fable and two days later who they hire Mike Fra. Y'all still throwing dirt. Y'all don't understand. They still throwing dirt and smut on this man's name. He fired. It's okay, let it go. You trying to stop him from getting other potential jobs. That ain't, that ain't cool man. That's bullshit. If you gonna fire me, cool. But don't go and lie and do all this other shit to try to try to make up for why you fire me? We know why you fired me because you wanted Mike favorable. Cool. Just come out and say it.


That'd be the bullshit I be talking about in the world that go on today. Man, don't want to talk about it. ESP them don't wanna talk about it. Well God damnit, I'm gonna come on my little platform that live right now and talk about the things that need to be talked about now more Luther King marched now God damnit, it's time for us to run this shit. Put our foot down. We ain't doing this and we ain't doing that. Just being 100 with y'all. Man. If the NFL was 100% white trash by the one watch this shit. Even the white folk won't won't watch it if it wasn't no brothers in there.


We make this shit go. It's time we start stepping up as a people for ourself. We gotta start loving ourself. We gotta stop hating ourself. We gotta stop hating our sisters and brothers. We gotta start sticking enough for one another and Godda and letting them know we ain't going for the bullshit no damn mo. We not gonna do it. We gotta stop letting money move us. Man. I ain't doing that. I give you a million dollars. All right. I gotta do it. No, we have the power right now to make a change. Are y'all willing to make a change for the best? It ain't about us no more. It's about the kids. You know what I'm talking about. We got the power to make a change. Change the power.


We we're the power we're the shit, we're the shit. I don't know man. I don't know these days man. Watching this show man. Hope y'all know that. If you can't watch it man, you can go Apple podcast So you can go to Spotify, download the bubbled dub show and and watch this show. How y'all feeling tonight? How y'all feeling about the game? Let's, let's get back to sports for a minute man. How y'all feeling? Who y'all got Baltimore other bills? You got the Baltimore other bill? Who y'all got talk to me?


Yeah, it should be. But we grinding though. We growing over here man. We, we, we we grinding. Somebody can say Baltimore, somebody can say the bills. I think it's gonna be a great game. I think it's gonna be a shootout actually. I would love more for Lamar access to get this win and, and and and add to his legacy that he need. I just wanna see a great game man. Like I say man, my, my, my team at the motherfucking house bro. I'm just being real. I just wanna see a great game. I wanna see my little bro Keon Coleman go off, you know what I'm saying? I would love to see them go on and win too. Like I just wanna see a great game at the end of the day because some of our team ain't playing and y'all always talking about me. Man, you be flip flopping dude. Man, you gotta have one team.


Where some of our team, not even nigga. Guess what? We still watching the NFL playoff. Why? Because we're a fan of the game. I'm a fan of the game. It's my job to come over here and talk about Baltimore, talk about the bill, talk about all the game because the what I in this is what I meant. This is my job. This is what I do. So if y'all see me rocking a a, a damn Detroit line jersey don't mean I'm a Detroit line fan. That mean I that shit might just ma might just match my shoes for the day. But I'm a fan of the league period. I'm a fan of the league. That's that's what I do. NBA gear too. You might see me rocking the Washington wizards jersey.


That don't mean I'm a damn Washington whistle fan. Hell no. Hell no. I ain't never, He knows what and he's here tell you You watching this show, it's part of the show. What we do with the, the hell no sent me. Hell real talk. Hell no sent me. Somebody send me a question, I'll let 'em know. Is it? Hell no. Real talk Bubba Dub. If your baby mama don't let you get that social security card, you still gonna keep your kids. Hell no. Everything on the line with this damn Social security card. If my baby mama don't let me carry my kid on my taxi, I'm not babysitting them no motherfucking no.


And I mean it too. And I told too, you gonna lemme carry the kid. Don't you don't think you gonna bring them over here no more. Hey, I'm trying to go out. I beat damn you better them down there to your mama because I'm not watching shit. You let carry them kids. I watch them, we gonna order and we we gonna have fun. Yeah that in dollars we bonding. Don't let, don't don't lemme carry 'em on my ta. Shit. I ain't got nothing to do with, see I'm all about this paper and I gotta stay, have it, gotta have it y'all. Y'all gotta have it too. Monday night man. I know some of y'all gotta go to work tomorrow. Some of y'all ain't. Some of y'all off tomorrow. Some of y'all don't work.


Some of you wanna work but can't get a job and god damn it, if you wanna work and can't get a job, don't give up. Damn. What people say about you don't give up. I don't care who you are. You gonna hear what Bumby said. Y'all gotta put the work in. Right. Don't give up real talk. Keep pushing this shit ain't, this shit ain't easy. Life ain't easy. Now I know some people born with silver spoons good for them but for, for some of us that's not. We gonna keep pushing all the way to the motherfucking talk. And then when you grow, when you growing people going to talk. Gotta understand that people gonna say certain things and try to throw you off track. But don't you get off track. You keep going. Gotta have blinders on at this game, at this level I'm in right now.


I hear all kinds of shit these days. But guess what? It's not going to stop my motion baby. I got motion. Y'all got motion. Yeah So keep going. Don't stop shit God damn anything. Somebody tell you you need to, you need to. You ain't somebody tell you you doing too much. You telling you ain't doing enough. Never let nobody tell you you doing too much. No I ain't doing enough because like I told y'all several months ago, if Elon must and Jeff Bezos still making money then damn it we need to be making money to Simple as that money ain't everything but money will pay your motherfucking bills.


Do you hear me? Money is not everything but money will pay your bill. Elon trying to buy TikTok. Right motherfuck now. Ain't that something. You know how much TikTok worth and this motherfucker trying. You see what I'm saying to you? They ain't no different than me and you. That's what I started learning life man. These billionaire millionaire. They ain't no different than me and you. Y'all. If they can do it, we can do this shit too. It's all about the resources man. It's all about resources baby. That's all y'all thinking. Elon Musk the smartest man in the world because he the richest never, he ain't doing them but buying other people ideals. That's all he doing. He ain't doing them but buying other people ideals. That's what they do. In case y'all didn't know y'all looking nigga all these people, oh he smart.


He got this man. That nigga bought somebody idea and put the team around. Nigga went on about they business. Man. That's how doing got so much money just buying people shit. I got some ideas for him too. He can come buy my motherfuckering ideas shit, at the end of the day, real talk. But y'all talk to me though. How y'all feeling tonight man? Yeah. Christopher Columbus. Christopher Columbus ain't discover shit. We was already here. I'm so sick of hearing that bullshit about Christopher Columbus. Man, how the hell you gonna discover some shit and we was already here.


Stop it. They been telling that lying school for years. Fuck Christopher Columbus trash of the day going to God. Sam Don trash some fool. Gonna people up there nigga. So thinking you gonna lead him to a promised land nigga You Moses, you gonna see it. Damn Sam Moses, you gonna see the promised land but your ass will not step foot on it. He seen the land of the milking honey. But guess what? He didn't get to taste no milking. Honey. Y'all got my baby Joy Taylor. They say she going through depression baby ain't no fucking depression.


You come lay your tired head on my motherfucking pillow, I got something for you. Joy Taylor. You damn right You come lay your head on my motherfucker pillow. I got you. Them goddamn puppies you got. Lemme bail. I picked them goddamn puppies come. Yeah, real talking. I'm thirsty too. Come here. I be like H Ventura was shit. Yeah on me, myself Irene. Remember a woman had them twin babies and and and before she knew it, them babies was out the way. And guess what and what? And guess what Jim Carrey doing Sucking teeth. That's me. New teeth in the, I'm going down.


Come bitch I'm teething with these new teeth. Come here. Gimme joy. Shit make you love me. Real talk. I won't bring Joy Taylor to the family reunion. Shit. Damn right Doug. God damn on you motherfucker. Right. Even though she done had 75 meats. I course she a head. I don't give a damn who meat. She done suck. I don't give a damn. She ain't sucking at me now she sucking. That's y'all problem man. Y'all bump into some good women but y'all be so worried about who they slept with. It don't matter who they been with before you die. It's all about you now. Real talk people throw you up man.


I wouldn't even talk to her man. She talk to Su. I don't give a damn who she talk to. She with me now Y'all get the same thing with Jaylen Green y'all. Yeah y'all. Y'all talk about her Gilbert my boy I love you but you talking about her, you and swaggy people. What y'all I don't give a damn what she did in that back seat. She my backseat now ga, he taking this hamster me real talk let people throw you off your game. They'll do it in a minute. Got some great ideas. They'll talk you outta them. Don't do it. Follow your first instinct. Real talk. Follow your first mother instinct these days man. But I can't wait till this weekend though. I can't wait to see Buffalo and the Ravens.


I can't wait to see the god dang Eagles in the around. I can't wait to see the Chiefs in the Texas. I know my Texan fans. I know y'all excited. You heard Bum beat. Y'all got a chance. Y'all do. I ain't gonna lie. Y'all got a chance. Y'all got a chance to go in there and beat the defending champ. But do I see it? Hell no. I don't see it and I'm just being real now. If y'all win, I'm gonna come right back on this show and give y'all all the love and the credit y'all deserve. But I don't see them Texas going up there in that cold ass Kansas City and winning. I'm gonna tell you why you hear what he said? It's gonna be cold up there. He gonna be trying to grill them Tri Burger and them niggas already got their barbecue meat on the pits right now.


Arthur Bryan Gates Barbecue and Joe on they applewood, they barbecue Applewood real tall. It gonna be cold motherfucker up there in Kansas City and I don't think the Texas are ready for that cold because that zebra Pat Mahome shit that motherfucker out there right now with his shirt off. He parked white. You know white folks don't give a damn about no cold weather. They out there with no shirts and none of that shit on running around having a ball. Not no news shit. 40 degrees, 50 Shit. We in high wearing thermals. You see I'm wearing this goddamn purple nigga right now. See we called up there in Kansas City but I see Kansas City beating the Texans.


I do. I just don't know who gonna win between Baltimore and Buffalo. I know what Baltimore did to 'em early in the season but that was in the early in the season and I always feel like this shit is rigged so it wouldn't surprise me if Buffalo ended up beating the right. It just wouldn't. Now y'all take that how y'all want to take that man. Real talk. But thank y'all for tuning in tonight. God make sure y'all, y'all go to get them tickets on. 'cause I'm on the UGA ones Tour two, we in Minnesota. Matter of fact, y'all ain't got no more football games. So y'all meet me February the first in Minnesota. I'm on the UGA Warrens tour. Makes you get them tickets and come out and see you. Boy, that's what we doing. We coming out and seeing me perform on these motherfucking stages.


I'm on the big stage now and you know I'm gonna show my ass. I got some merch coming too. Real talk. I got some merch coming. Y'all gonna love this shit. I got coming too. God bless. Peace of mouth. The Volume.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at the Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.