
This is an iHeart podcast. Summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now streaming on Paramount Plus. This season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy winner, Lena, wait. They've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's payback time. But the men of the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight. Nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Streaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan. It Is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com.


It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase Necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool Rush cent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's and purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4.


So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Saud, CEO of Tuby. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume New York Nick fans. Give y'all time to come in here. Come on, come on. I know some of you upset. It's okay. Come on, we gonna talk about it. Come, come Steven A. Smith. Rolling over in this damn grave right now. Kail Jerry sign failed. Come here. David Letterman, come here. Tracy Morgane, Morgane back. Joe, Camille, pat Post Camille fabulous.


Come Jada kiss cam. Biggie Camil. Now all the people I named night, y'all owe them good damn rats. Our apology. You are after year. Y'all denied them rest of having abortion. I think it's time y'all owe them goddamn rat apology. Abortion supposed to be for human beings. Y'all telling the rat that they can't ab they babies trash. And that's why the New York Knick lost. Holler Brent put up 20 and one and 13 six rebound cycle.


Say let me give you 30 and one. Everybody talking about Nicks in Selma. You lying. You lying. Sha I took the Indiana place. They took care of business tonight. Indiana Place here. 17 threes tonight. 17 threes. That mean New York wasn't doing well playing no damn defense. We got Jalen Bronson do he be going off in the fourth quarter? You be lying. He be sitting his ass down in the fourth quarter because the game off Mackay Bridget put in 15 for y'all overnight.


A newbie had 24 Carl South ass towns gave you 22. You legal, you legal, your franchise guy, Jaylen Bronson daddy, his name Rick Bronson. He played the NBA too close our game 19 point. Not good enough. Not good enough. I just seen bad news as Pacers. Nobody the first to start of the year thought the Indiana Pacers was gonna be in the NBA Finals. I sure the hell didn't but they here now.


They Tyler Tyrese Oliver. Not bullshit. Old school point guard the way he played back to the basket. I'm gonna pass the ball. I'm gonna get everybody else involved and then I'm gonna get my point off the bench topping ball. I ain't never heard of no damn toping until this damn year. I know one now. The yellow nigga was braid that can dunk in hitting threes too. Team Bryan, his stand left. Camille, every, the Indiana Pacer had seven players in dumper figures tonight. Seven players.


It seemed like a team to me. They want to get the to get the job done And they came out here tonight, got the job done. They had the league up to 21 points tonight. And I know all my nickel buckles. Y'all was at home. Y'all really thought y'all had a chance. Nip. I told y'all Pacers was going to close this shit out at the house and they exactly what they did. They fed out the crowd. Caitlyn Clark, Adam Apple as was over there on the sideline cheering them on. Mike Epps over there cheering them on Vi a Fox. The old, not the new one. The old, You know, You know, You know about the one that age like god damn milk. I, I remember what time Bill a fox was a bad motherfucker.


Do you hear me? Bill eight Fox nigga who bigger than Oprah, biblical five bigger than Oprah. I'm not bullshit. That ain't don a fucker done gain when you get older you gain weight And she done gain that all in her goddamn damn face. Face like it's full of fluid. I still love you old biblical. I still high at you. You know what I'm saying? Between me and you, shit, ain't nobody looking. I get it breaking new Biblical eight Fox 63 pregnant by bubble.


I'm doing this for my ancestors. But the Indiana Pacers have advanced to the NBA Finals. They figure be matching up against the OKC Thunder. Let's break it down. Let's talk about it right down. How do y'all see the Indiana Pacers matching up against OKC? Let's talk about it. First we gotta start with the head of the snake. SGA is the head of OKC then down to Jalen Williams then down the shit. Yo, yo Oklahoma, yo they rich, they got a motherfucking squad over there. Stop comparing this Oklahoma City team to the one Kevin Durant and them. Stop doing it.


Stop doing it. Two different teams, two different mother fucking teams. Now this the way I see your series going down right now because I've been seeing a lot of people in the comments saying they got OKC and five N. Not these just these goddamn paces. Him, these motherfuckers right here is different. So I'm gonna go, I go on a limb and say some crazy shit here tonight on this show I got Indiana in himself. Them Indy 500 motherfuckers, they rattling behind Pill popping OIPG. He passed away. The Indianapolis coast owner passed away. I got the Indiana Pacers in Selma against the Oklahoma City tho That just, I, I just think it's a fairy tale year right now.


They gonna win it man. I'm telling you. Nobody saw this shit coming. I know I didn't see it. I'm thinking the Lakers damn fool. I am the Knicks. New York Knicks had the whole city riding behind them. Everybody in New York, the taxi cabs, they took the day off. They was all watching the motherfucking game. It wasn't a taxi goddamn available in New York tonight. Do you hear me? After seven when the game came on wasn't a taxi seal bailor, y'all think y'all were going to win, give over the hump and get to the Finals.


How y'all been treating these motherfucking good old Louis Vuitton proud of wearing Gucci. Louis Vuitton wearing ass rats over the motherfucking year. Them rats started them goddamn Gucci do. Rat Rats started that shit. Nobody Wire ain't started shit. God damn rats brought out some throwback clothes. I ain't never seen they had the goddamn son John. Goddamn overall shit they brought out Platinum fubu. Yeah g. Motherfucker wearing oo them goddamn rats still got some of them clothes come cow. Cow can I They still got them over the years.


Y'all done mistreated them goddamn rats wouldn't give them rides, wouldn't take 'em home from school and shit. That's why the rats the size they are now because the people in New York abandoned them and the rats had to go to the landfills just to eat and they migrated back into the city and y'all think God we going to make sure that the New York niche get to the Finals and win live rats gotta God too. Do you hear me? The the new, the rats in New York got a god too in his master spli. In his master Sp I know y'all.


I know my nigga boxers. I know y'all upset. I know y'all. Oh we was close but not closer enough. Indiana Pacers we'll be the NBA champions this year. You just watch how this shit play out y'all. I know y'all think come on do do Tripping dog. KC sweep them. It's something in that yellow motherfucker holler button. I don't know what it is. What's in be special Special And they on a like it's some, it's certain shit you can't stop Kind of like Kendrick Lamar right now man. Drake was picking and picking and picking and picking it at k at k dot k nine k do didn't ever respond when that motherfucker finally responding when that motherfucker finally responded and you, you voted it God it you got it.


Remind me of Barbara Lee the other night talking this shit to me. I I'm a real woman. You can't handle a real woman. I took that mother fucking bro Sparks with some of this good money right here by Floyd. Y'all need to go, y'all need to go support champ man. Real Talk and get y'all some of this good money shit he got. I took one of them goddamn roast for and took some a shot and let motherfucker, I ran, I ran through up under the fireplace. I made love to under the fireplace on a squirrel rug. I ain't got that kind of money for that barrel rug yet.


You rich niggas be doing I'm fucking no more them goddamn damn squirrel rug come here getting off. I know some of y'all, I know some of my old school players in here watching this show. You can have one of them nights where you perform like you had never performed before. Now we all men let's talk about it tonight. You know you been having sex sometimes your thing will grow and it ain't never grown like that before. But this night that motherfucker stand. No I'm talking about standing. No even she amazed God what's done got in you?


I ain't gotta go. What to tell them I'm on them roast marks and I'm on this good. I ain't got the water but I'm like I ain't never stroke before. I ain't missing beat. I beat I'm not be beat like shift soccer when he rap but I won't beat today. I'm riding the goddamn damn beat today. Yeah like Aire come, I'm riding the bait. I'm she raised up. You ain't nut yet. You gonna take this goddamn job of me that you've been talking about.


You gonna take it now. See sometime in life we talk about certain shit. Sometimes we write a check that our ass can't cash. Barbara Lynn wrote a check that our ass couldn't cash. Hey find my eyes, I got it right now. I got this goddamn show I'm diving then Ball King like I ain't where I'm shit. Shout out to Indiana man. Advance to the NBA Finals. Shout out to OKC advance to the NBA Finals. Them the last two teams that standing right now OKC gonna be going against the Indiana Pacers. Like I say you got SGA, you got Hall Burton, you got Jalen Williams, you got AKA the ninth that went for 31.


Man this gonna be a great series man. I know like I say it, it it, it just gonna be fun to watch. It's gonna be some first time NBA champions. I even though I'm talking about like four players, not coaches. 'cause Rick Carlos, he have a ring with the Dallas Mavericks when they beat the Miami Heat. But nevertheless though man I'm super excited for the players man. New Blood man. It's New Blood's not LeBron, not Curry, not Durant, them not Boston any the team nobody. Like if we were just coming in just thinking this year, who gonna be in the NBA final? Pretty much everybody would say probably Boston. Maybe the Bucks, maybe maybe the Wolves, maybe the Lakers, maybe the sons.


Okay C they was already in the mix for it but I'm just looking forward to a great series D young guns from the go egg. I think S how SGA 26, 27, 28 maybe 26, 27, 26. I think Hol is hol bread 25, 26, somewhere in there. These young guns gonna go at it. Two small market teams. Everybody saying the ratings gonna be down. The ratings gonna be up. Watch, watch how the ratings be up. Everybody going to tune in and watch these two teams go at you got OKC, you got Indiana man I guarantee you this gonna be one of the best NBA Finals we can sing in a very, very long time. I can't wait to watch this shit.


I can't wait to watch shit get out there and hold my turn feminine dressing ass. I can't watch the watch. I can't wait to watch SCA match up against Hol Burton. Jalen Williams matching up against Nema Hart. Nema Smith Benedict. I can't, I can't wait to watch this shit man. I know it ain't the typical big names that we used to but man it's time for a change man. At the end of the day it, it is time for a change. It's time for us. Yeah it's time for us to stop bullshitting around. Some of us been sitting around bullshitting, not doing nothing more gonna lie. It's time for you to get your goddamn shit together man. Your mama and daddy worked two goddamn hard to put you through school, then you graduated and all of a sudden now you a warehouse work at Walmart trash nigga you supposed to be in school.


Nick indicting everybody out to your graduation. You want motherfucking gifts but three months later you up in goddamn Walmart and you a warehouse worker. Now I wanna see some goddamn results. I wanna see results. Your family do They depending on you, they watching you. They been, some of you been going in and outta jail. Your mama and daddy been bailing your ass out. You keep telling them I'm gonna do right mama. I'm gonna get my life together. But you a motherfucking lie. You have no intentions on getting your life together. You want people to take care of your rad.


Well guess what? Ain't nobody in the real world gonna take care of you. You gonna keep fucking up. You gonna end up in jail and somebody else gonna be rocking you asleep. Like Aaliya say Rock the boat. Rock the boat. Change position on stroke it for me. Ooh, I like you stroke. Oh I'm telling you them niggas in jail are get your mind right if you get wrong. Them niggas will never make you find God. Them niggas, animals. I almost went, I I get to the, I almost went, had me cornered in, had me in one of them little goddamn room.


It cold them motherfucker. I ain't had a cigarette. Seven, eight hours. I'm about regular phone. But, but, but my pride won't let me say nothing. I'm and I, I don't wanna talk to my lawyer man they, they, they stalling me out now. 14 hours don't went by. I ain't ate. I ain't smoked a motherfucking cigarette. I'm missing my girl. 14 I went by, they came in that motherfucking moment. They told me, they showed me the video. This is you right here. This was a crime that committed you is accomplished. You looking at 15 years right now off the bat. But we can make all that shit go away.


That's what they telling me. I'm like man come shit. All that bullshit, I ain't do nothing. How we can do anything we wanna do with you now we telling you now we can do this the easy way. We can do this hard way but you can go and do them 15 years and somebody else gonna have a little tri and as hole. You got. Hey man, I'm talking about my girl like that. I'm just telling you. And I both know the minute that you gone bubba, she getting down. So I'm like it's gonna be laying in your bed now. I don't know how many men just watching this show. I'm a man of pride. I'm a man of honor. I don't want no other man laying with my woman.


Even though I know plenty of hell they can named Joel. They done told my girl off the ball. I done walked in on my girl getting drilled. Nigga he pulled out over and she put it back in while I'm right there standing like I, I done been through some shit y'all. You understand your boy do done been through some shit. I didn't wanna go through that no more. I'm looking at y'all like I'm looking at that goddamn detective. Sir, anything you want to know? I would tell you from the bottom of my heart, I start from the very beginning of this shit. Kenneth. Kenneth is the mastermind of that robbery. I had nothing to do with it.


Didn't want nothing to do with it. It's just a simple fact. I had a car and since they was talking about this shit in front of me, I was already involved without even being involved. So I drove, You know where I I come from Officer. I wasn't born with no silver spoon in my mouth officer. I been eating noodles and bologna sandwiches all my motherfucking life and they dangled some shit in my face where I wouldn't have to eat that shit no more. Look at my car, I, You know what I'm saying, look at kind of car I got man, look where I live. It was them. It wasn't me. I didn't want to go. I didn't, you see I stayed in the car, they planned it man.


And if I didn't do it, they was going to do something to me Officer. That's what I told them man. And they say well they put some little cards like this in front of me of pictures of people. It was two other people that I know. I say four the people out that was that you was with during that robbery right there. And right there. They say, do You know they names? Yes sir. Yeah. Do You know they live? Yes sir. I say sir for I go any further if I tell y'all everything else that went down, can I please just go home tonight? Officer said I don't see a problem with that at all.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free pence. A lot of games all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woo woo Chba Chaba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the NBA life. Visit chaba casino.com. No Purchase necessary V GW group, vote for prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply This Friday. I'd like to go hunting the greatest action franchise of the past decade. How do I start doing what you do reloads looks like you already have.


From the world of John Wick ballerina, Richard R I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get Your podcasts. I always had to be so good no one could ignore me. Carve my path with data and drive. But some people only see who I am on paper. The paper ceiling, the limitations from degree screens to stereotypes that are holding back over 70 million stars.


Workers skilled through alternative routes rather than a bachelor's degree. It's time for skills to speak for themselves. Find resources for breaking through barriers@taylorpaperceiling.org brought to you by opportunity at work and the ad council. Well eight years has passed and I'm still here And them two gentlemen that went and robbed them. Good old, good, good good wholesome people. They still in jail to this day. See I know all about sacrifices. I sacrifice people calling me a rat or a whole ass nigga to still be out here on these goddamn streets.


See I can wake up in the morning and live with myself. I can wake up at 1115 and go to Popeye's and eat but them niggas can't Do you hear me during the weekday Monday through Friday, Monday through Saturday I can go with Chick-fil-A. Them niggas can't go to Chick-fil-A. Do you hear me? So when I write them whole ass nigga letters and they ask me how I'm doing and I'm telling them niggas boy you got to try Chick-fil-A. It's the best goddamn chicken you ever had in your life. White people to come up with a recipe for chicken that niggas can't stop. Guess what I'm telling them? White people got the best chicken in the god damn world and it's not us white people got chicken in a line.


Do you? Y'all remember when Popeye's came out with that chicken sandwich? Everybody went crazy. Everybody was going after that sandwich. Ain't nobody eating that sandwich no more either devil. But guess what, we still eating chick for that. No white people call. Y'all can say no motherfuckers can't cook all You know but Chick-fil-A, it's a difference. I'm telling you right now, that recipe Now reason why I ain't wanna go to jail 'cause I ain't wanna get in ass and I ain't want to get whooped 'cause I can't fight. But since we on that not fighting shit, we just watch Jamil Charlo knock the goddamn spaghetti sauce outta la name Jamil Chao back see round.


He ain't fighting over 18 months. Been going through some shit with his wi been going through some shit with his family. His mind ain't been right. Let me tell y'all some real shit man. Real men And I got some 45 through 65 people watching this show right now for the people that's 45 and under. Listen to what I'm about to tell you man. When a man go through some shit at home with his woman man you can't expect him to be right in the head when you and a woman marry and then they was married and they joined this woman, that's all You know he been up be on a real good, got three or four baby everything good. When she start to pull away from you, when she start to confide in other people they do something to you god damn mental it does something to Jamil Chao mental.


I thank God they back together and they working on they situation. They problemize they proper life. But I'm just telling you man, when shit ain't right at home you ain't going to be right. I'm telling you some real shit. When I called my girl she know me. When I was going to work I didn't want go mothering work at all. I wanted to watch the ring camera. Oh motherfucking day he seeing who coming in. How by god damn how I say when shit going on at home you can't do your job. What I'm telling you Jaelle Charlo ain't fought in 18 months. The point I'm making is he been going through some shit with his old lady, he couldn't do his job but tonight he looked good six round.


Not PKO knocked O boy down three times. Yeah didn't look rushy at all Child. Come here right down here nice time. Come here like I told you ain't what you was where he's tonight? Shit he was in la la land now he back in the middle of a ring way below kick his hats in the champion Daddy's ear come here. See everybody would want him to get back at Caleb plant. 'cause y'all remember Kayla plant Kayla plant knocked a black of miles out his damn mouth. I yeah I I think I pulled a video up about it but Kayla plant had a fight here night too against Menendez and lost Ez.


All the spectators, all the God announces plant gonna win this fight that his name Armando Cin this come here. He rescind that ass whooping to didn't Taylor plant. So now I see Tarlo ain't Mando fight. I won See all the big goddamn name fight I want see everybody getting down through. Well I want see Bud Crawford not the goddamn taco I of goddamn Canelo Apparat. I wanna see it. I won see Lamont, Roskin not the goddamn grease. I tank head again. Tank done cut the braids off now guess what? Can't say no more grease in your eyes no more in your hell no.


That's gonna be the goddamn fight of you this re max him. Man I'm think I wouldn't fight the money. Right. He know me. I don't give a damn what he know. Y'all thought Madonna whoop Floyd that first fight you lied so second fight. Oh well Don gonna get couldn't touch him. It's the goddamn goat and I don't want you Sorry motherfuckers coming on here. No motherfucking Mo saying these boxes and goats. If you ain't putting Floyd first, stop it. Y'all taught my, y'all taught my pat y'all pack y out still fighting one over there.


Took the Philippines and got broke. Stay your ass in the States boy know you got a good heart but stop giving away all your god damn money. I'm coming back because I love you coming back because you broke. Tell that lie to somebody else ain't mad at you go getting you 15 20 million. I ain't mad. Fuck you out We God stop lying now you gonna be illegal but you're lying and I don't understand where that lying coming from. Pride. It's okay baby. It's okay to admit when you wrong. Ain't no different when they got damn stud.


Knock me out after church dude. How you get knocked out by a stu my nigga? Come on dog bro. I had COVID, I ain't have COVID but that's the what I'm telling you bro. I had COVID, I didn't have no strength. I couldn't walk. I ain't been able to drink no water in a week or two bro. I damn near die. That's what I told everybody. But the truth is, I'm telling y'all not on my show. The truth is I didn't have no COVID. Truth is that Stu hit me with a bad motherfucking punch that I ain't never seen before. I didn't see it like she led like you was gonna be a right hook but it was a straight upper cook. Dazing me couldn't see shit.


I, I was blind like I, all I could do was try to grab this bitch but she was strong. You can tell she had been in playing fitness for over a little over year and a half now the the kind of strength this motherfucker had and every goddamn punch she hit me. I was fool and shit. See I can say it now 'cause I got God in me. I could, I could talk about, You know what I'm saying, my journey and the things I went to a couple of months ago, I wouldn't have never told this story. But the truth is man you ever stu got me God down on me too. I mean hit me with 17 beautiful goddamn punches. All of 'em hurt. All of them daz me but I'm still here.


It didn't make me want to go and get the pistol. I thought about it. Oh I thought about it. The woman look like me pulling a pistol or doing something to a stu. This is a this's a woman At the end of the day I ain't got no business putting my hands on the woman man. But the woman put hands on me now everybody I go and get my lick back. I can't do that. That's a woman dog. So what I did was was I pressed charges on, I mean that's the only thing I could do. I I I, I still got a moment like she can't be willing 1500 feet of me because what she done to me.


But You know I can laugh and joke about it now y'all can laugh all y'all want. I ain't doing no tripping about the shit y'all stood knocking me out. But it's all good though. Fat hole, fat hole need love too. You know it's a lot of men on this show. Y'all get on the capping man. I ain't sleeping with no fat hole now. How so? Why these fat holes coming up pregnant? Somebody fucking these fat holes. See y'all done got your mind trick. You want the bad bitch slim stomach? Yeah big booty But the bitch got all kind of chemicals inside of her. Yeah that's why y'all babies remedial. I'm tired, I'm being real. Some big fat women kids smart than a motherfucker. They might be hungry but the kids smart.


It's some big booty motherfuckers that went down nigga. Dr. Miami getting they nose done, getting they boobs done, getting their stomach done, getting they ass done. You having baby by then and the babies from eating. I'm just keeping in ball. See Won't look good. Ain't really good the devil. See the devil he know what you like. He know what you love. See some of the devil's in here now. They know devil know you love them yellow bones with them big asses. So when you leave a house that's all you see or you go to your job.


That's all you see. See the devil love putting things in front of you that you don't need. So you just want that big as. You want that big yellow you just want to hit it just one time. You just, you just got, you just want hit it But you don't need because you might got a good girl at the crib man. Yeah don't throw away a 84 20 my nigga. It ain't worth it. See it's good now but when you get older or you might go out here and have a bad accident and then the motherfucker that you thought was something she gonna want you, she ain't going to help you change your shit bag. But the motherfucker that you had in the house that you treated like die at you, he's the one that take care of you.


That's where Charles fucked up at On diary of a mad black woman with Tyler Perry. Yeah Tyler Perry might be a little funny but the motherfucker paint paint pictures with his stories. I know y'all get where I'm going with Charles had money, had everything in the world, had the pretty girlfriend with the kids but Helen Musta really motherfucking foundation what he had. That's all I'm telling you now man. Some of you got some real strong people in your circle that's trying to tell you do right from wrong but you don't want to listen to 'em. You want do shit your way. Doing shit your way is a destructive way and you will learn a whole head will make a so fast.


That's all I'm telling you Pam, for you women because I ain't always give on my brothers for you women that's watching this show, you got a good man and then that man go in there and work, cook clean, take care of the kids. Protect your funky ass when you start shit with your own family he's the only one right there. Nobody in your family like your funky ass but he the only one that would got your motherfucking back but you treat him like shit. Cuss him out like a motherfucking dog. Don't cook for him like you supposed to don't give head like you're supposed to. Always complaining when he wants some mad. You better stop this shit you doing you fuck around be by yourself.


This for mad bigger women coming there   ain't shit. No you ain't shit you had a good man. You refuse to treat him like a king. They is. See you wash your bo you wash your whole ass ass mama do your daddy and them like that so you Think you can do every man like that. Well guess what, that ain't gonna work. Some good mans out here ladies. Some of y'all got two or three kids coming into the relationship. This man take on your kids as if they is if they, if they is his, if they is his own. But you still not a preacher. You still talking to other niggas in his face. You started going out with your home girl.


You started going on girl trips and I told you what going on on them girl trips. Them ho ding they get to get on that goddamn line. They get to cutting on that music. Them old hoes get to twerking in that goddamn room and for You know it the lights go off and for You know it they get up. Right. They getting off then they want to call home. I lost track of time baby. We just having such a good time. Thank you for paying for this trip for me boo. Whole time that stood right between her lip. Yu yu yu yu yu yu yu yu yu yu yu yu Y'all yu yu.


That's what's going on. Tell me I'm lying. I I I be trying to teach y'all real shit. Y'all don't wanna listen to me y'all y'all don't wanna listen to do y'all go listen to everybody else and oh y'all will take their by. But when I tell you something y'all be trick. I'm telling you real shit. If your girl keep going on them girl trips my nigga I'm telling I gotta, I don't know what do you kids running me crazy. I got to run down here to Miami. Your girl running down nigga Miami popping that pee on them goddamn boats. That's what they doing. They got there getting off Youa seen Stefan digs out there hanging out pink goddamn powder.


That's what's going on. They on pink powder Chew that ass up and in the door down. Oh. Oh man my girl went to Miami man with good cousin now man they ain nothing just hanging out. They ain't doing something. They ain't doing nothing. That's what you think Them gold teeth goddamn Jamaican. What you call 'em Rabbi Motherfuckers down there putting straight me. My girl ain't my girl ain't had a job and nine years she went down nigga Miami. Somebody done ran that goddamn me up in her but she come back getting a job. I don't know who that nigga is but thank you nigga.


Fuck my bitch so good. My bitch want to go get a do you hear me? Shit I don't know who that goddamn Jamaican nigga down there bro. I appreciate you. I don't know if you, that Shane Jamaican that was in Bad Boy too or Wilson. I don't know. I ha or whatever you God damnit. I appreciate it. Damn I really do. I appreciate you for letting her come back now she run down there every two weeks. I know she going back down there and see you and shit. I ain't doing no tripping as long as she keep a job I ain't doing no goddamn tripping. But y'all talk to me and let me know am I'm too lenient on my baby mama or that I should continue to let her go down there to Miami and get that meat.


Talk to me now we family there now y'all I want y'all to beat up for me 'cause I'm 'cause I'm there for y'all talk to me. I need help. Talk to me because I'm a human being too. I got problem like everybody else got goddamn problems around here. Talk to me what we got Ross Apostle. That's what I was trying to think of. Michael Dixie You know I can't get these God words right in my bro Valentino what they do man Nigga I ain't never been to Diggy house. You talking about y'all got the wrong one. I ain't never been the one to Diggy party never see Dub don't party y'all. I might, I know y'all might find that hard to believe but Dove don't party.


I only go to the events when I get paid to go to him. Dub ain't never been party to party game And just one time Floyd did hit me up and, and and and I You wanna go on dig it never. I don't want meet one of them goddamn I don't me did it Champ and I he'll tell you I told him I don't some see lemme tell y'all some real shit about me man. He you can take it how you want to talk take it. You'll never hear about me being with another man. But you'll hear about me being with multiple women. That's just real motherfucker. Don't take it how you want to take it. But this just me being real and brutally honest with you.


I don't like men. I like so when I used to walk into these lounges on these walkthroughs I used to see 20, 30 niggas in a six one hook, one motherfucking hooker And it didn't even have a tip on it. Niggas fighting over it. Cherry, flavorful that see what they say, cherry flavor no women. They tell me all I need to know about these young men today. They tell me all I need to know. They be having some of these little women in the crib. They don't call a dude.


She walking around butt naked. They ain't paying her no motherfucking attention. Okay keep letting no around this motherfucker like that. When you not showing no affection, no attention, I'm gonna be running on people bullshitting. I said I got Barbara Lynn, her husband passed away, rang her two at the vet, she taking her dog and I'm taking my dog and I got a little money now so I'm taking care of my dog. My dog got got all this motherfucking shots they up to date. Your dog got little shiny now. So I'm doing shit I don't normally do now before I start getting money I would say I ain't fuck out.


I ain't doing all that shit that motherfuckers do. Fuck. I'm doing it now. I'm a hypocrite. I'm just being real. So I got a little money now I'm taking my dog to the vet. Got papers on the motherfucker door. I bumping the barber in old school jail now i's car pull up got NA's car Escalade SUV 2024 come here. Oh she got some duckies I can fuck with you because I normally fuck with motherfuckers who ain't got nothing. I been to note not no more. She can tow her own note. So she walked in with her little old cock of Spaniard it it's a pretty dog. You got what's her name? How did You know he was a she?


I could see the ies. Oh yeah you right. You okay? Not really. My son was supposed to bring him up here but I gotta do all the work now. Roger. You know a ful woman like you. I know you got a husband. He passed. Oh I'm I'm so sorry to hear that. Is your son living with you? No it's just me and I be having to do all this work and You know I don't, You know I'm home in a week. You know I don't You don't need hand work. I don't mind coming over and helping you with anything you got going really dead ass.


We sl each other numbers a couple hours later. It was I was don threw after I got through that motherfucker made me meatloaf. I been in love with Bar Lee every god damn since I ain't never made love to a motherfucker And next get up and go make me meat loaf. I'm in the living room big plate. Hell she still got the plastic on the furniture though 'cause she old school but big plate, I got a big blunt of this ain't trash out in the car. I go out there and fire that motherfucker up.


Why would she come out there? Why would you smoke? You smoking that stuff? Yeah. You wanna try it? Yeah, let me try it. I put Barbara me ain't going to motherfucking Dish ain't trashy start coughing. She get to giggling, she get to laughing and shit and for You know it Round two come. I'm gonna bad motherfucker this two inch mega. Mine is a bad motherfucker boy. Guy gave me gifts boy that motherfucker gave me a gift. Boy. I'm trying to tell you boy I'm hitting up with Move.


She ain't even. No I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Here's the deal, we gotta set ourselves up. See retirement is the long game. We gotta make moves and make them early set up goals. Don't worry about a setback, just save up and stack up to reach them.


Let's put ourselves in the right position pre-game to greater things. Start Building your retirement plan@thisispretirement.org brought to you by A A RP and the ad council. Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5. Because we have all of the hi music but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love This station. You talk about real stuff And Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa Snap I awesome.


We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. Put that nigga on. She ain't even, she ain't even go to revival. No revival. Black folk rival money through. She ain't go now tonight I'm standing there You know 'cause I'm on there. I'm on you so mother don't be telling me you ain't shit. I might not be you but to Barbara Ali and I'm that yo. That's what you got to tell people right now. Who did you wrong in life?


I might not be shit to you but if somebody is out there love me. That's all that matter. You got to love yourself first before you can love anybody. Yeah that's why it's so much hating the world man. They hating on me. That's okay. They just seasoning your sauce. Let them mother just talk. I'm talk. They can't stop. They talked about Jesus too didn't he? And it didn't stop nothing. So don't let what people say about you stop you ladies. Stop letting these men body shame you. Telling you ain't shit. Telling you ain't worth this and that.


Stop letting them do that. You a good person, you gonna be all right But if you a ain't shit person, ain't shit going to be all right. That's all I'm saying to you man. You got some people right now that love you man. But you but you but you keep pushing them off. Pushing them off. Stop pushing them off man. I'm telling you from the experience man you got some good people around you. You keep 'em, you cherish some, you love them, you do anything you can for 'em because when they gone they gone. Let me tell y'all some real shit too because we got some people in here right now. Your mama and your daddy are still living. You ought to be thankful. You ought to be blessing. You ought be jumping up into the sky and asking you thank you heaven and Father for my parents being here.


There's some people watching this show right here tonight. Parents is dead and gone and they miss them dear at night. They miss them dear. They wish they could have, they wish they could call they mama now and talk to 'em. They wish they could call they daddy at night and talk to 'em when some of us still got both of our parents here and we gonna call and check on 'em like we supposed to. You better be thankful that your parents are still here. You only get one mama. You only get one daddy when they gone. They gone Man I got some 55 and 65-year-old watching this show right now. I bet. I guarantee you they miss they mama. I guarantee you they miss they mama man. I know they do man. Something about a mother's love man.


Something about a motherfucking mother's love man. We love our daddy to death but they something about, and I amm only saying this to say here 'cause I've been like, I say I've been watching some people how y'all treat your mama Man stop it because there's some people that die to have they mama right here with them just to talk to 'em just to see 'em grieve. Man we got to do better y'all. We gotta stop disrespecting our parents man. Yeah the Bible say you shorting your days. I'm gonna be honest with you man. Anybody that I hang around with, anybody I'm affiliated with. If I ever see you disrespecting your mama man we are no longer cool. You can't come around me. It ain't nothing man. I respect my elders man.


I respect my elders because our elders man they, they went through shit we ain't never had to go through man. You understand what I'm saying to you. So it's all about respect with me. I don't have to know an old person to respect them. I don't care. They could be the baggiest person in the world. He says yes sir. Yes ma'am. For me, everybody is different. I can't speak for y'all. Y'all got your own ways. I got my ways man. But that's what we doing. But that's what I did. That's how I got Barbara Lynn locked in. I never got the vet man Real Talk And I'm in love with this old fucking old school. I'm eating her.


I'm not bullshiting y'all. I'm eating bubbling every goddamn chance I get this tastes like barbecue. Do Real Talk y ain't gonna lie to y'all. Put my tongue in the booty. I do it out. I don't, I don't discriminate. I eat the cat then I eagle from the pack. She gonna know if she coming or going. All she know is that boy bubble do be pregnant and do she ain't got to ask me to eat. I go right down there and do it. Real Talk. Thumbs up when I go low. She told me I'm better than HBO.


I don't know who sent $10 but I appreciate it. King preach what they do found more solo. What they do family? Me. Hey I'm just telling y'all shit. But she more people like to hide and keep secret like uncle doing. Uncle doing all that preaching and fucking them bammies not me. If I ain't, if I say what I'm doing, I'm really doing that. Woo. You the cri over him. Well I don't got nothing to hide actually. Just told y'all man I'm knocking the bottom out the little young motherfucker and y'all gonna talk shit. But at least we will know Y'all leave uncle alone. Unc gonna be all right. I gonna be all right But you gotta be, you gotta be honest with the people now you gotta practice with your priests.


Now I'm out here eating Barbin from the back so she ever gets come out here and tell everybody it ain't gonna be news. We already know that Dub already told us. Gotta be be up front with motherfucker. Y'all lemme know. Gotta let know what's going on man. That's what I do. Shit. I don't know about y'all get this shit going today man. We got some baseball going on this part of the show. We do the baseball segment baby. We gonna talk about it here today baby Real Talk Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati red Day two zero C shut the reds down like a strict mama on a school night. Real Talk. Shut it down, cut the TV off no game. Got school in the morning baby. That's what the Chicago cub did to the red.


Ain't nobody storing the senses. That's what happened. Cub pitching was great today on the blue. Jays beat the Nas eight to seven George Springer. He was out here swinging like it's too late to church. Two Rs a day. Yeah George Springer two homeless. Remember when I do the prize pick thing, we're gonna get to the minute George Springer for the blue. Jay hit two home runs a day. Remember that ORs Baltimore ORs beat the white side Jackson Holiday hit the first career league off home run. George Mateo joined the party and the old senator White shots back to Chicago wondering why he even left the goddamn hotel Baltimore or come here. Milwaukee Brewers 1750s has seven.


This a ass whooping here man. Ross Hoskin. I still got little but I ain't playing. Nines two, three run bombs against the former team. Jackson Churro win full beast mode with four hits today and five RBI Brewers pulled up a football score 17 to seven today. Real Talk Cardinals beat the Texas Rangers two zero. So Gray punch our 10 battles. You strike them out. Come here. Come on. That's what went on today. St. Louis Togo Wranglers go home when they hungry. And that's what went down. The National Guardians beat the LA Angels. 75 Cleveland. Cleveland Guardian. I don't know why I'm saying nationals. I'm thinking about, I can't think of his name right now.


He's a bad boy though. But anyway, Cleveland came back from four four runs down Gabriel Ez hit the clutch. Go ahead double in the seventh and just like that. The Angels Eight game road win streak league just like that. So the Angels lost. They had won eight games on the road. The Cleveland Guardians Bigham the in line of Braves beat the Red Sox. Spencer SW batch turned 25 and gave himself 11 strikeouts today. Remember that name Spencer Sw Batch had 11 strikeouts tonight against the Red Sox that won five zero New York Mets beat the Colorado Rockies. I know how I'm telling y'all about the Rockies trash. They gotta beat eight to two. One Soto remember who he was to smack the first home when he hit him weeks messing the Rockies packing like a team allergic to wing league at?


'cause the ROCs ain't shit. Marlins beat the giant one Zero Kansas City Ro won one to zero against the Detroit titles. Tampa Bay Rays beat the Houston Astros 16 to three. Ooh big ass whooping Seattle Americas won five to four against the Men Circle Twin Dodgers put up a ass whooping on the New York Yankees. 18 to two Real Talk big ass whooping. Show your Tony Camille. That's my baseball report today. In the end they going in the LA Dodgers beating up on the New York Yankees 18 to two. You know they just played the championship. Y'all there and the Dodgers won. Well they just won. This game is where?


18 to two. That's the Bubba MLB report today man. Real Talk bub Live show. He knows what he and Part of the show what we do. The hell no segment people send me certain shit in and they ask me certain shit and I'll let y'all know if if hell no Bubba do. If you ever had a white girl, what? You let her cook Thanksgiving dinner? Hell yeah, she not doing no mother fucking cooking. Bitch you here for finances and gimme me brain. That's all you want. Finances and brain. That's all I need from you.


Food. Getting on your feet going in the kitchen. NI don't waste. I don't waste food. I don't play with my food. My daddy told me that long time ago I go buy some food. I want to cook well and don't and I want it to be good. So I'm gonna let my sisters and my Hispanics and my Italians do the cooking. Even though I know white people come up with a recipe for Chick-fil-A. I get it, but when you ain't cooking chicken, I won't. And I know white people can't cook dressing. They cook stove top stuffing. Even though it's good, it's different but it's not the god damn same. Now understand Stove top stuffing is different between dressing.


If you think I'm lying, go to your good nice wholesome white family during Thanksgiving they gonna have stove top stuff in. It's gonna be marvelous. Oh but when you go to the black folks all when you try that dressing, I'm talking about the right dressing. All I'm talking about the right dressing. When you scooping up, you see got steam coming out there Summer. That's the right dressing right there. Some people eat, they dressing a little different. Some people like the cranberry sauce on their dressing. Some people like the Giblin Gravy on that dressing. Yeah, you telling you Real Talk.


That's a hell no for me. White girl in the kitchen Thanksgiving, she better be fixing me some goddamn cereal. She better not be cooking no food. Never don't want it. And if you're watching this show, you see it. You see it resented by what Bitch? Real Talk. You need my promo code trash with the two Hs. It's more or less on your favorite player over there baby. Real Talk. Yeah. Play up Hallberg Mike got him down for 12 Assists. You either put more or less SGA, they might have him down for 31 and a half point more or less. What might have shut down for 15 points more or less prospect is the way to go.


You want to get that though. You better type in right there prospect because you put $5 in, they going to give you 50. You see a P, you see it up there. We ain't hiding it. It is what it is. Surprise pick segment. Let's get it. And if you can't watch this show and you at work and you only can listen, go to Apple podcast or go to Spotify. Type in the Bubble Dub show. Boom. There I I'm there. There's some bumping going on, there's some rumbling going on. Y'all heard what Trump said. He would consider white man say consider that really mean. He will. He said he would consider giving dignity a pardon?


If it comes down to it. I told you Diggy coming home. See what Trump ain't really telling y'all all here. Diggy got a tape of that motherfucker getting out. Diggy got a tape of Trump grabbing them by. Yeah, Trump got big. I mean Diggy got big over a lot of motherfuckers. Y'all doing dirt. He wasn't the only one goddamn getting down and dirty. There's plenty of other MO people out here. Were getting down and dirty with men too.


That's all I'm saying. We can't be pointing when you point a finger at somebody, look, look at that when you point a finger. Look, look, look, look what fun Back at me. Look I can't and talk about what nobody is do 'cause I do shit my motherfucker self. I ain't perfect. I told the whole other day baby I ain't perfect but I'm worth it. She sometimes you gotta giggle woman man you got to drag her through the motherfucking mug I'm talking about. Pull her through everything in the world. Aint she still there? That's the motherfucker for you my nigga. Now some women ain't gonna pull up with that shit.


They don't off to the next nigga. They what? What happens But then when that don't work out they wanna double back. Hey big now know that relationship didn't work out. What you mean? Shit, he beat your ass. I heard what you, what you heard? I heard you had black eye. I mean he, he gone. I don't want hear all that explanation ass shit. I ain't never whooping but you won't leave me so you leave me for a nigga, you leave me for a boxer whooping your ass over the left and right with me. You were going out partying doing what you wanted to do with him.


You was in, you was, you was a house by then. Now you wanna come back over here because you see God done blessed me with a few little old things. Now you Think you can come on back and get that be damn I don't want it. Tory Lane coming home real soon now I know y'all seen that video. They goddamn Mexican will putting that goddamn blade on Tory Lane's ass. Goddamn damn Tory Lane got the getting down them goddamn step begging than me. I wouldn't have been up the first goddamn time me hit me. I'm outta there. I'm not fighting. Think I'm Dion getting up out that so did that.


Man I'm gonna kill Tori bro. This ain't no laughing matter. That mess that man was really trying to kill found when a mother he trying to do you. I be telling them God man, the way y'all can let me back out there, I ain't saved cry man. I love Tori great rapper single too much pride bro. Let them people know man you not safe bro. Let 'em know bro. You not safe dog. You need to come home bro. You SA was not, I know that essay ain't coming home no time soon. He, he I No way. He was work Ain't no way.


Ain't no motherfucking way man. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show man. I appreciate it Lawrence. What's up Jamie? What's up man, Sal BI see you kill Be know what he do. It was a paid hit. That's why the camera was blocked and might, might, maybe it was or maybe it wasn't. But we do know he got that cold blade put on his ass. That's what we do know. That's a fact. We praying. We praying for you go to man we praying for anybody to watch this show going through some shit. We praying for you as well man. You're never alone in this shit. Remember that Dub love you. My fans love you as well. Man Sa love Bird gang. What? What it do man?


Re Thompson. What it do be? Know what it do? White chop. What it do? I'm on that. I'm on that good drink. I'm on that Floyd Looker he got. Man. Y'all should try if you ain't tried it yet. You know I always support my people. Anybody else out there got some shit merch. You know what I'm saying? You, you try get with my people, You know it's a fee but I damn so word and and and make it happen. If I can wear everybody else shit, these designers, I can wear my people shit as well. And I ain't just talking about black folk. I know you Mexicans. I know You'all got some clothing lines coming up. You know what I'm saying? Hey, I'm rocking this shit, giving my people it is down there below.


Hit the email and we'll make this shit work. Grab 'em tickets Tampa, June 20th. I'm in Tampa, Florida. Grab 'em tickets June 6th next weekend I'm in Pembrook, Florida. Me and Darnell Rollins be Simone. I'm on the show with them. Nine nine Pembrook Florida. June 6th I got the flyer on my Instagram page at Bubba Dove. 94 Bubba do 94. I got the if if you in Miami, Fort Lauderdale. You can see me next weekend. I got the flyer on my story. Go and check me out June 20. June 27th through 28th. I'm in Greensboro there.


Go right there North Carolina. The come gets on, grab 'em tickets. And then that following Sunday, I'm in Charlotte. That Sunday I'm in Charlotte. Two shows. That's a Sunday. Two shows Grab 'em tickets and we'll sell out. I'm telling you, I'm like that in the Carolinas. I'm like that in Tampa Bay. I'm telling you now. When I come to y'all tickets, grab them tickets, ma'am. All new material. Can't wait to give it to y'all, man. Fresh off the week ones tour. Appreciate Allall the love y'all been showing H Town, You know what I'm saying? It is going down. Y'all can kiss me July 4th through July 6th at the Houston Improv. If you in H Town, tickets are already jumping tickets. Already jumping down here in the H.


That's what I'm talking about. H love me and I love them, but grab 'em tickets, man. Check out to my people that's watching this show is must love. Shout out to my family and friends that support me in this show. Yeah, man. But make sure man, if y'all ain't already downloaded pic, go and download it. Use my promo code trash with the two H's. It's all love, man. Shout to my people in Virginia. Shout out to my partner Mike. Now You know I need some more them things too. Go on and send them. Go on. Send them the solo so I can give them so I can stay active. Well, peace and love. Shout out to Indiana for advance and I to all my fans based in Indiana.


Y'all deserve it. New York, better Look next year. I saw all jokes with me and a smile man at the end of the day, peace and love, blessing them out, The volume. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content.


The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. We asked parents who adopted teens to share their journey. We just kind of knew from the beginning that we were family. They showcase the sense of love that I never had before. I mean, he's not only my parent, like he's like my best friend. At the end of the day, it's all been worth it. I wouldn't change. Thing about our lives. Learn about adopting a teen from foster care. Visit adopt us kids.org to learn more.


Brought to you by Adopt US Kids, the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Ad Council. This is an iHeart podcast.