
Yo, what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Okay, so we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bose premium sound system plays your favorite music. As the murano's massaging leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Eczema isn't always obvious, but it's real. And so is the relief from EB Gliss. After an initial dosing phase of 16 weeks, about four in 10 people taking EB Gliss achieved itch relief and clear or almost clear skin. And most of those people maintain skin. That's still more clear at one year with monthly dosing. EB GLIs Lebrikizumab, L-B-K-Z-A 250 milligram per two milliliter injection is a prescription medicine used to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older who weigh at least 88 pounds or 40 kilograms with moderate to severe eczema. Also called atopic dermatitis That is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin or topicals. Or who cannot use topical therapies. GLS can be used with or without topical corticosteroids don't use. If you're allergic to epli, allergic reactions can occur. That can be severe. Eye problems can occur. Tell your doctor if you have new or worsening eye problems. You should not receive a live vaccine when treated with gls. Before starting gls, tell your doctor if you have a parasitic infection, searching For real relief. Ask your doctor about EPLI and visit gls.lilly.com or call one 800 Lilly Rx or 1-800-545-FIVE 9 7 9.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. Kind of kind. I'm, I'm kind of kicked off right now And you probably know why, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm low key kicked off. We can't sing to beat the Chicago bull But nevertheless, hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Appreciate y'all for jumping on this live. We'll meet tonight man. We, we Lakers done lost to the mother fucking bulls. We done got swept by the bulls in the pistons this year. LeBron eight for 20. You ain't shooting off a damn.


You know why, but she cool. Busy argue with God Steven. They swear I'm sick of it. You ain't POCUS fan. You pocus right now. And don't get me wrong, I love this point of LeBron James coming out showing the world his petty side. He tied all the jab. I love it. But God damnit, I needed you on the court balling for 20 train. Y'all get a little too motherfucking comfortable out them when y'all get to lead.


Now I dump them boys over there. That's a young boy's and Josh. Giddy. He need to be in jail now. Why he ain't in there? Just move on to Luca. Eight for 22. Goddamnit Luca. No more pimps and more Les. You can't. You can run and a steam big boy. Three quarters. You good. Four quarter. I can't fucking find you no more. Late night snacks. Look that shit dead.


I gave you two niggas hand said dog. But you keep sneaking into the in, in, in the in the kitchen. Late at night. Grab a snack. One snicker two snicker. There he sneaker. Make it four now look at you then you even get out the goddamn bed. I'm sick of it. No I know we ain't gonna win every game. I know that. But that game they supposed to win tonight and y'all know it bro. Bru sold us tonight on that damn turnover. You hot IQ of the game. Your awareness this of the game. You don't make mistakes like that. They let me know Vegas got us tonight.


Ar played beautiful ball with 19 for 1734. I'm loving what I'm seeing from ar because y'all remember when LeBron wasn't on the floor, ar would flourish but when LeBron was on the floor, remember ar couldn't really get his game out. The last two motherfucking game ar been balling and And I love it but overall that's a team we got got, we got got rebound tonight. We got got rebounded tonight And we got complacent. We got comfortable with the league. Oh man we can come back and win or we can do this and that. That no you can't. Once your team give momentum ain't nothing you can do with 'em. They already just beat the dog shadow a couple.


Oh. About a couple of days ago when we was up and lost. It's demoralizing we if you ask me but you gotta tip your head off to that young boy's team. They kept fighting. They ain't they they like they shit. They ain't scared of shit they don't give a damn about bro. And Luca don't give a damn about none of that. Them boys came to play and they fucking won. So Kudo took the Chicago Bulls my problems with the motherfucking Lakers and us as a unit because we are a team. We together now. We together we finger get we finger, we Luca dunes off the goddamn snacks.


We gonna stop LeBron arguing with Stephen A Smith. He gonna start back drinking that motherfucking red wine again. He gonna start back coming to the game with the apple goddamn air pies on and godda it back and getting back in the zone. He ain't in the zone right now. I just got seen that video he posted on Stephen A in up boxing trash. And I fucking love Dick Stephen A lost his motherfucking mind. Do you Stephen A done lost his motherfucking mind Now if my memory served me correct Stephen A Swift You know I love you fan. You know I gotta call you that though. The last 10 interviews you said you was done talking about it but you still talking about it Then you bring up something to the fact of I don't like LeBron.


I'm finally glad you said that. I'm finally glad you said that You don't like LeBron and he mad because you saying he ain't the goat. I don't think that's the reason why he mad at you Stephen A Smith. He banged all these years you've been running your motherfucking life And you black man gonna run the biggest platforms in the world and God damnit he ain't like some of the things you said over get yours. Some of it you been talking about has been truth. Ain't gonna argue with you on that. You know your shit. You know your shit Stephen. A You know your shit but you And I know what I'm talking about.


Yeah you And I very well know what I'm talking about. So I don't think LeBron James mad at you because you been saying he ain't to go help. He even Dwayne Wade, one good friend says Michael Jordan wants to go. So I don't think that that's the problem. The problem is you doing shit like you doing now shit you was done with it. You gonna went on a whole motherfucking campaign. You might as well go to the breakfast club next and and end it there to talk about your little old spit with LeBron James. Whether it was the bag song or whether whatever it was, the shit should be over with. But we need to be addressing this.


Where is all these missing black kids in America? I come over here talk about sports all day, talk about my baby mama, talk about my family but I ain't never sit over here and talked about these missing black folks. God damnit where ain at? And if you so says act kidnapping people harming them, you going to jail. I'm finna form a team. We finna find these black motherfuckers where they alive or dead. God damnit we we we fixing find all you social media law. You getting judges right now. There shouldn't be a missing person. Nowhere White, white, Mexican, green. There shouldn't be nobody missing all these damn cameras going around.


But all we coming over here talking about LeBron and Steven. They both 'em that little girl need to be at home with her family. That little boy need to be at home with her father. That's what we should be talking about baby stand. We already talking about some petty shit. Two millionaire, one billionaire, one millionaire going back and forth And we didn't happen to be the same color. I don't like it. You think Mr From Color Purple would like this? Huh? You think Harpo God that would like hell no. Harpo would rather fight Sophia again then. God damn Why Steve Renee and LeBron hug each other throw on tv. I don't like it fucker People that's come on my show and come And I love it.


I appreciate it. You know my it's my opinion's. Your opinions. But lemme tell y'all one thing. Somebody brought up something to me. Do. He ain't got to go on no black podcast. You right. LeBron ain't gotta do a motherfucking thing but stay black and die. But when you bring up the facts of Will he went on. Who is that? Richard Jefferson himself. And didn't he play ball with Richard Jefferson? Huh? Well Doug he went he big on the shop. Don't he own the shop? Damn y'all didn't think about that did hell no. Now he ain't gotta go around with smoke 'cause I know Stack five them talk cab money shit about it. I get it. He can go a million dollar worth game Smith Y y talking about it's the difference Richard Jefferson is in the same category as Bill Cosby and y'all know it then somebody brought up where Floyd Ain went.


Floyd don't be on the pivot Floyd don't be on drink Champs then y'all made a comment, somebody made a comment where Floyd don't help black people, you a motherfucking life. He don't That's my partner. I ain't gonna take up for him just take off for him because some shit he do I don't agree with but for the most part from what I just seen my own eye hell black people the hell you talking about. You know what the hell you going on. Oh man bro. Bill schools okay that taxes, that's taxes nigga. Hey Michael Blaton got seven schools old ain gone. Are we praising him like we pray bro He on no so miss me with that.


Miss me with that. He don't bro ain't gotta do shit. He don't nobody about shit but let me break something down to y'all because I seen somebody said so. Well bro know what he doing. He gonna wanna go on these black people shit 'cause they be thirsty but you'd rather go over to these white people shit when it can make sense. It's thirsty when a nigga wanna do it but watch the man wanna do it. It's all look damn slaves mine. I'm just keeping the real here tonight they slave mine talk like that. It's thirsty when black people want you to come on this show but with this okay for white people. Oh the Mexicans are oh Chinese, Japanese. But it's only Thursday when it's us. That's bullshit And y'all know it.


It's bigger thing we could be discussing than than these two brothers. This this kid gang shit if you ask me it just other shit we could be discussing this other shit that we could be building. Don't you think those motherfucking white men ain't having meetings strategically meetings a father than whatever else they wanna do. Businesses with hospitals, infras, God damnit they having meetings. Only meeting we have is at the wake of dead people. That's the only make we have at wakes and funerals make can we come together besides funerals The hell y'all talking about.


Y'all done got me off track And I apologize but I'm sick of you niggas going back and forth. There's some real shit going on in the world. This a nigga ain't ate today. He in this car right now. No dad no cigarette. He regular to tell something. I can't have that motherfucker having a bad day. You understand People hungry dog people hungry. Y'all hear that?


Shut that dough. Y'all shut them goddamn doors. Shut them goddamn dough Us shut the do but y'all ain't going nowhere to them goddamn lounges smoking hookers buying bottles and all that shit going in half on sexes. You niggas can't put in in the plate. Stop it. I'm like more of a self I need a thousand. Right. Damn now excuse me Lord but I need fo racks. You niggas wearing Louis, Gucci, Indy all white. I'm watching out Instagram stories. I see it y'all you get a white man time but when you come up in here.


Oh I ain't got here. I ain't broke never come here. I all in the jerk getting off on you Ns you can trick on hold God you might well trick for Jesus. So all I'm saying he the one bless you with it. You can trick on hold, you can trick on the car close whim. All this other material shit you can trick on God. Same way you go in that strip club and start making the rain same way you are. Go in that church and make it rain for the good Lord. Not making the rain for the pastor but doing it from your heart. You see the New Testament say you you give from the heart. God love a cure for guilt. What the Bible say Man Bus say love a true forgive her And I love a woman who I ain't gotta tell I knee head do your help me.


I love a woman. I ain't got tell her go. I know she already going like a submarine steak. I never don't come up to the bubble. That's all I'm saying. Y'all bad more himself because he wanted po. Cref say he wanted a hunt And you   didn't say shit. Ooh y'all see cre Ooh say he y'all tripping. You got it. Y'all gonna buy in jewelry anyway. You gonna buy them weak ass. Yeah that's what you doing Mine them four, $500 weak ass pound coming back to the C tongue.


Charge us 1500 nipple N you take that shit back to SA and y'all move it Me nip I don't want it. I won't smoke. What them hippies smoke? Yeah money motherfucker Marilyn Manson. I wanna smoke that weed piece smoke. I wanna smoke some shit that make me want to go start painting. Do you hear me? I wanna smoke some shit that make me start painting. I wanna start surfing that kind of shit. I want I about y'all but y'all lay off more out man.


Man say got bills in this motherfucker. He ain't asking you for $20. Don't wanna give him money man. 'cause if I'm a pastor he betting me. I ain't gonna lie. He bet I I thank God there I'm not a pastor, I'm not ready yet. I I feel like one day maybe I could become one but right now I got too much dely shit in me like ho like I know I'll be, I'll be sleeping with my memos. I'm just being honest. I would be sleeping with them expedit too. I'm not bullshitting. That's just me so I'm not gonna play with God like that. Some of y'all be playing dub ain't gonna do that. That ain't the way I roll. That ain't that ain't that ain't the way I am.


I don't roll like that man. Nevertheless we got to find these missing black children and it's real talk. This ain't even no bullshit. We got to find these missing black children man. I don't know what he at they saying when they are finding that some of them they they they they kidneys, livers hearts and all that shit being removed. Ain't no goddamn wild animals doing all that. They're saying this shit is perfectly cut like a surgeon. There's some shit going on. We need to pay attention. We got to start paying attention to what's going on. I don't know if y'all know or not but if on your driver license or whatever you got And you got your organ number And you something did happen to you, the motherfuckers ain trying to save your life.


They gonna try to you to die and tell me the truth. If you got that shit on there, get it off. Tell your family to do it after you pass but right now take that shit off. They ain Not saving your life man. I'm telling you that right now. It's too dangerous out here man. It's too dangerous. It's too dangerous to be pulling up over these whole houses and then they ain't got no street lights but she telling you it's all good. No I'm not doing but I'm coming with the cops. I want him to leave me over You ain't you doing too much. No love me. I love me. I gonna let you do something to me.


I do something to me before I let you do something to me. I'm coming over here with the law justice of peace. He gonna do his job as long as I'm over here he gonna sit right out front. I'm gonna give him $500 out. You sit right there big boy until I come out this month you see a, you even see a goddamn shadow store bus. I got the handle up and You know I done gave this whole $475 on cash out. Goddamn a deal is a deal. Officer go in there. Shit I'm just telling you the truth. What's going on? Shout out to the Alabama basketball team. They in the elite eight nine. They beat the bricks on BYU.


I know Alabama known for football but basketball boy niggas come here you see a couple years ago we got some straight And you got some white people down there in Alabama too. Y'all remember whenever using Charles on every goddamn damn body be a cheer for you, A cheer for you ain a true for you for about eight months. Goddamn them good White people showed us nothing but respect. They were getting out of first class on them planes. God damnit and and goddamn going down and moving out the way.


Letting us sit on nothing. That's what they were doing.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Have you guys seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other. But then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this, this commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean it has a Bose premium sound system which can play your favorite most relaxing music and there's nothing like a world-class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano you should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team@lenovo.com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, Create And boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for business pcs@lenovo.com.


Lenovo Charity starts at home y'all in case y'all don't know that charity starts at home and people give time. Y'all start seeing people start growing in the industry. Start doing good. Why can't it be a God blessing them? Why ain gotta be that we sold our soul. I'm asking Hmm. Why ain gotta be somebody's soul. They soul some of 'em hell it been one but for the most.


But people work hard man. It's an insult to somebody who work hard to get to what they're trying to get to. And for y'all to come out and say oh man they sold they soul. Man stop that old monkey ass shit man. Stop that old monkey ass shit. That shit ain't cool. We men, at the end of the day we all might not get along but we should respect one another. I gonna get in your business, you gonna get in my motherfucking business. That's all I'm saying. I never tell you how to get your money And I never tell you how to spend your money. Do what you want to do with your shit. That's all I could tell you.


I ain't got no heaven or no. Hell gonna put you in and what I eat don't make you shit. So do your thing and f what people got to say about you, they gonna talk about you whether you doing good do you do whatever make you feel happy. Just don't be out here killing people man. So raping nobody to You know, causing harm because I will put your ass in jail. There ain't no doubt about that shit. I will do that. But how y'all feeling no wrong tonight man. I know I've been kind of going out spazzing out man. I just wanted to get that off my chest tonight man. I've been You know, doing my research up on this missing stuff. But y'all talk to me. Oh man. How y'all honestly feel about what's going on right now between LeBron and Stephen A do y'all think LeBron is not focused right now due to the fact of what's going on with him and Stephen A Smith?


Like how do y'all feel personally about this situation? Do you think they see the music industry? DOE You can get your whole ass off my lie. Whether Lakers win or lose, I'm gonna talk shit whether Lakers win or win or lose, I'm gonna get over there and speak the truth. You want that fake shit. You take your funky breath ass somewhere else, you see a sign nigga the fuck. What do show mean? I don't talk about whatever I want to talk about You did you get your own show?


You can talk about what you wanna talk about but God I'm on her. I'm gonna talk about what I wanna talk about because this my shit goofy ass niggas man. I be in the chat, I be in the chat nigga. I'm like that I'm in the chat watching ain't fuck shit. I see I'm gonna dress it nigga real talk. I don't understand people man gotta enjoy this shit man.


If you watching this show tonight then You know we being presented by prize picks. Download the number one sports dang see app in the game right Now. You bet more You don't. You make you make a pick. Let me stop saying that B. Where we don't do that? We make picks over here on prize pick. We make pics baby. Yeah DM me on my IG bubble dub 94. I shot some pics with you but I'm gonna be real. I ain't one And I I ain't won in in in two weeks. I ain't gonna lie to you. I ain't won in two weeks. You might not want picks from me just being 100. I'm turning gray over here.


But if you can't watch the show And You know only can listen to the show, go to Apple Podcast, go to Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show. Boom there I am man Bubble Live on the show. He knows what he saw And you Somebody can hit me up early Bubba Dub. Man if you had a chance would you want to visit the moon? Hell no I don't give a damn what's going on up there. Hell, I'm struggling Now you, I don't wanna go up there shit they been lying to us all these time anyway talking about people been to the moon, them niggas ain't been to no damn moon here. We like we watching it. Look they right there man shit all a scam.


Somebody asked me we gotta go to Africa and and and do that tour with no weapon. Hell no. If them tour people scared don't you scared them they scared and they used to this shit. We not used to that. We ain't used no goddamn mosquito signs of a goddamn bald eagle. I'm not. I wanna go to Africa dude. But I ain't got to go to no damn safari. I don't have to do that shit. I'm just saying I, I would love to but I gotta be in a cage in vehicle Bulletproof.


It gotta have, it gotta be a diesel jeep but I ain't gotta worry about running out no gangs or none of that otherwise I'm not going out the fucking with them animals dog. They ain't bothering me. I can watch it on Discovery Channel. That's close enough for me. K I'm good. Ain ain't got be all up close and all that shit. Me personally, I think them people going over there filming them people, they getting in them animals way them animals they be missing missing up them kills for them animals. Man And I And I ain't trying to, I ain't trying to disturb no damn lying who ain't eight three weeks do you hear me? I'm not trying to just, I'm not think bother lying. That ain't eight three weeks or a high angle. I'm not. No they be over months with them damn animals shit.


Hell no y'all I'm not doing What about y'all, y'all talk to me right now man. Would y'all go to the Safari in Africa with no weapons? No nothing. Just in the safari with two Africans, no bow arrows. I'm thinking my Indian is just nothing. Just after walking around the safari with two Africans. No nothing. What you do? Hell you a bull scored nine points in the last 10 seconds. That shit was crazy But they done it. Somebody say nah naked and afraid Chicago again shit.


Hell nah. What about to the moon? Who in here have admirations of going to the moon? Who would like to go to the moon keeping a book? Let's talk. I, I'm I, I'm I'm intrigued to see who say they would love to go to the moon right now. Talk to 'em. Who would love to go to the moon right now? Not me. Hell no Negative I King Hawks said he go go see a prayer match cook for sure. Somebody said they ain't lost shit in space. Somebody also hit me up too. Ask me what do I do? What I go to Oak Cliff in Dallas. Hell no I'm not going down.


I got family members in Oak Cliff. I'm shit we'll do a Zoom call or I'll FaceTime before me driving through. No I have a piece of game on there. No Cliff. When you come and see me shaky I ain I can see and hear too much shit going over there. I'm good, I'm good. Somebody say I go last night nigga that went there and got stuck eight months.


Somebody say Oak Cliff like the good part of me shit And I love Memphis. Ain't no good parts in Memphis no damn gonna shake. Even, even even Elvis spy hot shake them niggas in Memphis don't bullshit that get you anytime mother the day normally that nigga get you at night. These boys that get you at eight 30 in the morning. Niggas ain't ain't breakfast, nigga ain't brush they teeth ain't wash they face them nigga wake up with the pistol seat. I respect all cities and states. Memphis is dumb one I mess. I go down there, I'm on my best out there behavior deal. I'm helping them boys drum own ans out out the car helping them, the store paying for they shit walking them back.


I'm on in Memphis. They know I nothing appreciate that Carrie Harry appreciate that. No I go to Memphis. I'm on my best behavior fam. I ain't gonna lie to you man. Them them young niggas dying. They they mad at they mad. They mad at the wind blowing nigga do you hear these niggas mad. Why Damn wind blowing nigga. But father God stop it Please you should Right got switch ain't gonna use it. Just shoot these young niggas on some day some these niggas.


See I can't say that young niggas on power. These young niggas on pills dog and they really feel like they unstoppable man ain't they don't even stick they own mama dog. So imagine me coming in and trying to be motivated. They don't wanna hear no goddamn motivation. Nigga get your old ass out my face nigga. What they attempt you right. I ain from all what you young man. You got it but the few more your league is Ari because you stay around here about two more minutes. Real. Come in, come come in Lamont raise up that shirt boy me, I'm gonna help the hood, I'm gonna help the community.


I'm gonna help the folks and lemme just break something down to y'all too a lot of time. 'cause a lot of time y'all gonna know when y'all save people be helping the community 'cause they be giving back a lot of times that money don't even go to the community man. Do you understand what I'm saying too? A lot of times that money don't go to the community. People never see that money man. Sometimes if you can, if it's possible that you can really go back to the hoods that you from or that you would like to help and, And I know 'cause sometime you don't wanna cause a scene like that, You know with the cameras and this and that. But sometime you gotta go in there and do that shit yourself. Break bread with these folks. 'cause you, you got, you got good intentions and your heart is, your mind is in the right spot.


You want to give back to these people. But sometimes these families, these hoods, they gonna even get the money that when they get these people give back bro. They just real talk on this shit. Some of y'all need to know in case y'all don't know. When people be saying I be giving back to the community. Sometimes the community don't even get that shit though. And a lot of times niggas be like trying to get back to the community 'cause they just saying ones who help destroy it. You understand what I'm saying? A lot of times we'd be born destroying our own community. I tell this story And I tell it again, I used to sell crack cocaine but I always said I love my brothers but think I really love my brother 'cause I was selling them shit that was killing them.


You understand what I'm saying to you man? I'm hypocrite man. I was saying man I'm gonna help my brothers man. I'm gonna build up my community because I was killing, I was killing my own community man. Time to be somebody. I wasn't time to be man going by shit the wrong way. But I know better now. I'm a whole lot smarter than I was back then. Man. Ain't nothing cool with killing your community man. I wanna see all my brothers and sister flourish all colors. I wanna see everybody flourish man. But I was one of the ones that were killing my own community And I ain't even see it at the time.


Being young and dumb and blinded by money and wanted to be the man. I wanted to be the man when I was selling dope. But I was never the man when I was selling dope. But when but when I started doing the right things, I became the man real talk whole time I sold dope. I didn't have no damn money. I was just spinning my wheels. Yeah, spinning my wheels. Man, when you clean yourself up you can be lost but you can also be found. But when you clean yourself up, you start reading books. I started watching people like Dick Gregory start educating my mind a little bit more and expanding it.


I started really getting what's going on out here, man said, oh shit, well I'm selling dope. I got holes. Nah bro, I'm gonna do this shit the right way. And I found my gift and I'm using my gift to open up doors. Not only for me but for, for whoever. That's the way I think everybody got their own way of thinking but I know it's enough money out here for all of us. So nobody be mad about what such and such getting just put your work in and your time in and what you want will come. What you want will come. God gonna give you what you need, not what you want.


I tell women that all the time. Fuck who you need. Not who you want. Just fucking who you want baby because you walking around here sad and mad and bitter. So start fucking who you need. So if you happen to have a a, a sugar dagger that's living down the road and, and he and he been offering to help you, you and them kids, but you don't want his help. I, I can do it on my own And you just can't do it on your own baby. Don't feel bad about giving that motherfucker don't feel bad. Go and give it to her. You might save alive or two. Being selfish gets you nothing. Closed mouth and closed legs don't get fed. Appreciate that.


Sure mate. That's how I'm saying here tonight. Close mouth, don't get big. I know there's plenty of people on this right here watching this show. Smart dumb motherfucker. You can probably can invent apps. You just need the opportunity but you gotta, You know what I'm saying? You gotta present yourself. Gotta present yourself man. Ain. Nobody told you today or anything. I love you. And that's from the bottom of my heart. This ain't no cap. Fake shit. Ain't nobody told y'all that. I love you. I appreciate you honestly. So we could be gone tomorrow. All this shit. I got all this shit. You got gonna be gone. Somebody else gonna have this shit.


We can't take it with us. So while I'm here I'm gonna be respectful And we going love one another. We going to talk shit to one another. That's what I do. We gonna talk shit. We gonna argue we ain't going fight in bloodshed and all that. We ain't doing all that. We too old for that. We too old for that. But thank y'all for tuning in. Tonight's show Peace and Blessings. I see y'all this weekend. I'm in Columbia, South Carolina. We a warns. Come see me Saturday night I'm in Greensboro, North Carolina. Come see me Sunday night I'm in Charlotte, North Carolina. Come see me. It's going down man.


Promise you that. Peace, blessing, love out The Volume. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Have you guys seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's basically Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady going back and forth with reasons that they hate each other. But then when you really listen to them, the reasons for the hate are just so stupid. I don't know this. This commercial really got me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Okay? So we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The B'S premium sound system plays your favorite music. As the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive. The all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado state game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.