
For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


If you're a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Granger has you covered. Granger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better. They offer access to experts and fast delivery so you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com Or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


The volume, Y'all. How y'all feeling? Talk to me. Yeah. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. Y'all already know the routine when I come on. Go on ahead and hit the like button right now. Go on and hit the like button right now. Go on and hit the subscribe button. It's Tuesday, taco Tuesday. Y'all talk to me man. How y'all feeling today, man? Me. I'm I, I'm, I'm, I'm all right. I'm, I'm okay right now. I just seen what they, the chiefs just cut Ari Tony again and that motherfucker state getting cut. Don't nobody care about no caius Tony.


Don't nobody, I even reported that Caius Tony, somebody who messed up my picks last year. If you asked me, I won't hear nothing about no caius Tony. That ain't what I wanna talk about today. I won't talk about some other things. I won't talk about all these high price NFL wide receivers that making all this money but can't catch the ball. That's what I wanna talk about today. Get in the CU section right now. Give your top five wide receivers in the NFL right now. I'm in the Cummins with y'all looking. We gonna start to show out with Devonte out that I think, I think Davante Adams probably top two, top three wide receiver in the game right now.


You wanna know how many drop two. Damn nigga just seeing him doing interview crying, you know what I'm saying? Insinuating that he might not wanna be in Vegas no more. Motherfucker, you can't even catch he drops. Larry Fitzgerald rolling over in his mother in green right now. Jerry Rod rolling over in Pop Popeye chicken right now. He players, Hey look, I ain't knocking you Get your bread 30, 40 million. You good but you gonna catch the motherfucking ball when we throw it to you. You already ain't got no quarterback in Vegas. You ain't got no quarterback. So when you getting the ball you got catch it and do something with it.


You ain't doing nothing. They ain't drops. Somebody get the comments right now and, and, and and defend it. I want y'all making 28 million but eight drops. They ain't gonna get it. Damn. Not if you wanna be the best, consider yourself the best. Eight drops. That's too damn many. Somebody get here and talk to me. Oh you already know Colorado Thursday. See Buffaloes will be in the building. I will be in the building. Drunk. Drunk. I'm gonna be drunk at the game. I ain't lying. Yeah, Coors Light. Come here. Come here. Dov. Need that Coors Light Real Talk Tyreek Hill. Make it 30 million this year.


One of the most electrified wide receiver that's in the player period. Tyreek Hill a Beast. 12 drops last year. But y'all wanna blame Tour 12 Motherfucking drop last year came from Tyreek Hill and he one of the best in the game. I say he is, but you got 12 fucking drum and you never you gonna take a discount. Ba damn. What kind of discount? 50 50. It's a 50 50 chance you catch this mother. Come on, y'all need y'all to talk to me today. We, we need to address these things that I'm talking about today. Tyreek Hill. Tyreek Hill making 30 million. He worth it.


And every, I ain't saying it ain't worth it, but 12 drops. What the fuck wrong with your hands? If I'm making that kind of money, I'm coming up with some shit on my hands. I ain't never dropping nothing. Not nothing. Come on, let's talk about it. And. we gonna talk about today now too much going on. We gotta talk about this man. I really don't know what's going on y'all. Tyreek Hill man. 12 drops. Come on now. Let's get to it. Justin Jefferson making 35 million. You know how many the drops he had last year? One. Now that's what I'm talking about making 35 million only had one drop. That's, that's shit. That's the kind of production I want my damn team Justin Jefferson.


That's the reason why he's the number one wide receiver in the NFL right now because of one drop. His production is great. Yeah, I get it. The other players can get you 1215 touchdown. I get it, I get it. But they got 8, 10, 12 drop two. Damn meaning now a person like Justin Jefferson, I don't mind throwing the ball too or going in the direction because I know pretty much he gonna catch it. You could go to him on ton team. You he he gonna catch it. If you put it in the Vic, he gonna catch it. So that's why I got Justin Jefferson number one Ross Brown for the Detroit Lines eight drops and even have one in the postseason.


Oops. Making 30,000,008 drops and had a drop in the playoff game last year. They ain't don't get it done for me. If I'm the owner and these players come here and they gonna sell me they production. I love it. Good. I hold the touchdown. The city got excite me again. I get it. But you know what I'm gonna do at the end I gonna say you three drop, second and drop. I'm gonna drop your pay. So you wanted 30 million, I'll give you 26 and look, I'll give you a 26.


I can go pull a mother bum about the streets and put him in there. He gonna catch the ball. There's some players that's on the streets right now that ain't playing NFL that can really come in and make a difference. Trust me, it's all kind of talent out there right now. Trust me, it's your players. They got cutting training camera right now. But but if they given the right, if they given the right, given the right team and get the right chance, they'll, they'll, they'll do something. Ain't no doubt in my mind that a player like that, that that's right now they got cut. Can't do nothing like that but eight drop star player. Huh? You got people on the team looking up to you. You supposed to be illegal and you can't catch this motherfucking ball I'm throwing to you. But you wanna come in here and want and want demand all this money.


Never. I go to the CFL and get me a damn receiver before I pay all that. Long as I ain't losing fans, I'll shit, I'll do it. Yeah, you gotta be detailed man. Who next? Jayden waddle four drops last year for the Miami Dolphins and won in the postseason and he making 28 million. I can deal with four drops. 28 million and you gimme four. I can deal with four. I can't deal with five or better. Five or better. You simply not concentrating on the ball. You got the seat ball, catch ball and put the ball in the right hand wherever the defense ain't in and get down here. That's what you're supposed to do as a wide receiver head. Got to be on the S swivel. Run your ride up. Hands up. I catch the ball now we, nah me, I'm one, I'm I'm main one.


I'm blaming the quarterback but now I'm watching the films I'm seeing it ain't the, it ain't two or four. So between Tyreek Hill and Jake and Waddle, it was total of 17 drops. 17 mother can drop and that's all the money right there. That's 58 million tied up between the wide receiver with the dolphins right there and they can't even catch the damn ball. They fast fast at dropping the motherfucker. That's it. We know what Tyre here can get it do when they get the ball in the open field and and and make move. But motherfucker, he might drop a wide open right now. Oh shit. Oh shit. Hell you better go to Amazon or I can use some gloves or put stick them. I don't give a damn.


You better not drop nothing come your weight ain't even drop no damn weight. That's how I'm feeling. If I'm paying that kind money you better not even drop no damn weight. Y'all the coming section right now and talk to me. Let me know how y'all feel about these star receivers and not even get receivers. Got these star qua quarterbacks making 70, 80 million quarterback throw the ball right in their hand and they can't even fucking catch it. Look at they, they hands motherfucker is you, we needed that turnover. That could have changed the game. But you can't catch but you can catch them holes though. That's what they catch them quarterback. They can't catch the ball but they catching holes. Yeah.


I'ma start telling secrets y'all. I out there boley I the sand, having them fruity ass drinks getting on them thirties and jumping in the side with your homeboy. It's very suspect if you ask me but but them back door. Yeah I'm gonna start spilling secret. Nah, I ain't gonna do that y'all, I don't put, I don't wanna put them out there like that. But I'm saying though, you motherfucker need to catch the ball when I'm, you know what I'm saying, I got money on this. I got money on the game. Some of y'all got money on the game. Know what I'm saying? Dude, quarterback bad hit the quarterback. Right. He ain't gonna catch it. Come on fam. Three plays later he get burnt full a touchdown. Shit I'm ready to bow bow.


That's what I'm ready to do then you know whole time the game on you probably at the crib chilling having a good time with the fam team doing they thing your phone don't ring. You know your quarterback done went down the D done went down there school. You know what I'm saying? You feeling good. Your phone don't ring. Soon as the other junior homeboy team start winning, he wanna start calling, texting. Shit I don't wanna talk. You think I wanna talk to you with no cowboy losing? Hell no I don't. I'm trying to do some, some, some magic and fix this shit quick because I done bet all the in the charter on the, if you got homeboys like that, don't don't rock with 'em no more. My homeboy wanna come calling me when we lost to the Packers last year, shit y'all lost y'all, you lost a friendship Because I'm arguing him, I talk about a lot of things but I don't really want to talk that much When the cowboy lose, I talk shit all week Monday through sad.


I'm talking cash money shit. Sunday when we lose, I ain't got nothing to say y man you play too much dog. You ain't got nothing else big to do. You know what I'm saying? You ain't got nothing else better to do with call me about this little old rag ass game. I don't care nothing about this game fam. That's what I'm telling him because I, because I'm hurt. Definitely don't wanna go to work tomorrow. You know what I'm saying? Det wanna walk into work. Everybody in there talking no talking loud man. I told y'all y'all was sorry man. I don't wanna hurry. Get your ass to work man. That that's kind of me. My attitude changed. It just me. I know I ain't the only one I know I ain't the only one feeling like that. Let my team lose. I don't wanna talk. I don't wanna talk to no damn about it. If you ask me somebody say the Tiger better than the Cowboy.


Stop it. Stop it right now. Titan ain't better than the Cowboy fam. I'm just simply being honest with you. Number one, you ain't got no quarterback number one. You ain't got no motherfucking quarterback number two and I love Dhop Dhop a beast but Dhop Dhop later in his career right now. He ain't seen he Lamb fam come on now. He ain't seen damn Titan shit. TRASHH. Oh you gonna make me call Young Buck right now. You gonna make me call Young Buck right now Ride with me low man. Come on man. He bringing back memories now man.


When Young Buck, hey he man y'all Buck, what is y'all talking about? The Bears looking back man you know what I'm praying that the Bears finally have a winning record. Maybe y'all will stop shooting up there. War going on and the damn players at war too. We losing it need to be a change in Chicago right now brother Loh Muhammad made him rest in peace right now. I know he ain't feeling what's going on in Chicago right now brother Malcolm if he was still living he wouldn't, he wouldn't be satisfied what's going on in Chicago right now. Yeah even Malcolm. Even Martin Luther King wouldn't be satisfied. What going on in in Chicago right now? Chicago ones are scared of Chicago ones.


I don't see how y'all come out the motherfucking house. I'll be homeschooling. I ain't gonna no motherfucking school no Chicago. I move around with the FBI shit. Hey fam family reunion shit. It's gonna be virtual shit. I watch it virtual. I ain't going no damn family reunion. Chicago never shit. Y'all brave individuals playing professional sports up there in Chicago. Shit they have to move that team to South Dakota for me. I'm not going no damn windy City because that just what it is. Wind did shit when your ass get windy out see them Youngster got them, them youngster got them. You know what they got. I can't even think of the names on the tip of my tongue.


But you know what they got? Yeah, them those? Yeah them switches. That's what I'm trying to say. Them them youngster got them switches Burger clips. I was at the store earlier. Singer. Youngsters jump out blah duh, what's up? Like man put that shit up. Oh my bad OG shit. You know normally I get mad when somebody call me OG but they young nigga had that shit, shit appreciated it fam appreciated it fam. You know what I'm saying? You need something out the store. Yeah I ain't got my Id be shit. You can hear that from me though. Shit. I'm just saying though. Youngsters with them switches scam me, you know what I'm saying? He's see you ain't gotta have no idea with me. I got you shit. I got you.


What you want man? I need this and that man. You, you fat as girl nigga snicker or something? The mo, I got her too. Shit. I'm telling you I'm scared. I ain't fucking do no arguing with somebody with a pistol. Man you got whatever you want. Look I got you. If he wanted gas in this car, I feel dig up for him. I'm talking about that clip with got long on that motherfucker and his fingernail was long and dirty so I know he was a real gangster. Yeah, yeah he just grew up early. Yeah I know he about 17. I know he was 17. I know wasn't supposed to give him them cigars and shit but he had, he had, he had that heat. Know what I'm saying? Youngster had the heat, he was in the Caprice and he had that heat on him and you know what I'm saying with tendon windows and the car blue, you know what I'm saying? So I was Ske fan.


I ain't gonna lie, these are my testimonies. I'm just being honest today. You know you don't have Capri, you know what I'm saying? Hey live what it is man. Be careful. All I'm saying be careful and shit. I ain't gonna be able to do it man. Real talk. What y'all talking about today? Yep. Somebody said you tripping. Yeah 103 catches. But how many drops did you have though? Because last time I checked Larry Fitzgerald wasn't dropping nothing and every possession counts in the NFA. I don't care who you is. If you a professional player, you shouldn't have no more than five drops of a football. Do y'all agree or disagree? I'm just, it's a simple question. Do you agree or you disagree?


We not saying they TRASHH, we not saying they not good player because we know they are. But if you are a player of this, of this caliber, you shouldn't have that many motherfucking drops. Drop a light if you ask me he got drop a liars and put nigga in the bread basket. Catch your food boy, your football on your food. Catch it.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important the reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding withstands severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com Don't miss asap Rocky Big Sean Camila cabal Don't cat. Dua Lipa Guen Stephan Halsey Poser sheath. Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


We had all season the Cowboy Pac tights probably had the better our season. But that don't mean they a better team. We talking about dollars worth 9 billion. Shit y'all can say what y'all wanna say. We still America's team. Y'all tune in each and every mother Sunday to watch us. We still the most televised football team in the inner field. Say what you want about them cowboy. But we must see TV and I ain't gonna lie, we we be losing. I ain't lie. We do but we're excited to watch Y rather watch us lose and and that's what makes us great 'cause y'all tuning in to watch us lose but we winning on the entertainment side and on the money we winning.


Think about it when we winning on the money side. But think about when we start winning that hard word again. Y'all gonna be in y'all mother feelings and some of you fans that on here talking down right now y'all football team ain't got but one mama fucking championship. Some of you ain't got empty, some of your football team ain't got any mobile championship. But you want die then in to come and talk now. You really shouldn't be talking. Do you think a cop, do you think one of them little foxes go in there and ringing them them lines and they got kill? Hell no they don't Cowboy boy we the lion stop playing with us.


Kansas City. Yeah they winning but they ain't America's team though. Biggest Kansas City, the main league championships. They still ain't worth more than the Cowboys. They still ain't on TV more than the cowboy. They should be. I'm not saying they ain't. I'd rather watch Pat Mahome than Dak any day. I'm not lying but they just not the case. Kansas City's a small market. Dallas is a big market. Yeah the big D if you ask me. Yeah Dallas. There we go. Somebody said I wasn't alive one. Y'all ain't lie. I'm just saying we, if we speaking fast, we speaking fast. We just gonna speak facts today man. We ain't gonna just talk about them so Cowboy. Who else y'all wanna talk about Green Bay?


Huh? Huh? Green Bay. Shit y'all ain't done shit either 49 ERs, y'all getting nothing but y'all can't motherfucking win just like getting back to the room. Woo woo. And you can't seal the deal TRASHH. That's the 49 ERs going pay for everything on the date going go here and go there now when it's time to do the do you can't do it now. I'm speaking facts Jack. Let's talk about it. 49, let's talk about them. Y'all ain't want shit. Y'all got there with Camp Loss got there with Garoppolo loss didn't you? Then you got there with and loss. I'm just simply saying man let's talk about it man. If that's something y'all wanna talk about, then we can talk about the 40 nines not winning as well.


Odell Beckham hurt again when Beckham get hurt again. Ain't down there in Miami where Walter and Hill Beckham hurt? I mean I'm praying for fam man I we gonna pray for Odell Beckham. They say he hurt again. I don't know if it's true or not. It ain't came across my horizon. Yeah but if he is we gonna pray for him. W well I feel like Odell Becker was on his way to become one of the greats. And I ain't just saying that catch, but the guy was electrifying you, you, you, every time he played you would wanna watch him. But over the years man he just been hurt and hurt and hurt considering, I'm not trying to say this in in no kind of way but would y'all consider Odell Beckham NFL career a disappointment?


I know he got a ring, you know he, he got hurt but I'm saying far as talent that got hurt that didn't really get to see the full potential. What y'all say that his NFL career is kind of a disappointment due to the injuries? I'm just, yeah I'm just asking that. Do y'all think Odell Beckham FL career is kind of disappointment due to the injuries and and whatnot with him? Talk to me. Yeah I heard that too. Steadfast on the cool. Somebody say Ravens, he TRASHH, he got hurt. I don't just wanna call him TRASHH because when he was at his at at at Odell Beckham Prime, who is that right now in the NFL when Odell Beckham was at his prime.


Who is that player right now that y'all see? That's Odell Bell. Oh I mean Odell Beckham who like I I think that's a good question In Odell Beckham Prime, who is that player right now? You think Chase, you think Chase is is a better Odell Beckham need to retire Chris Carter tank Dale? Yeah. Injuries will definitely change a player. I would say that for sure. I I would definitely say that for sure. It's story time now with your boy do, man I gotta tell this story man's what I do now.


I tell stories I gotta keep it 100 with y'all man. One time I was dating this chick, you know what I'm saying? And she was just com she was at work, she was busy. I got to come home, I got to do this and that. So I took her up on myself. You know what man I'm gonna clean the house, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do what I'm supposed to do. So I start cleaning the houses and I start cleaning the laundry. And as I went through her dirty hamper, I'm finna tell y'all I fella some shit that you should never do and let's go through a woman's dirty hamper. Man I seen so much shit in this, this pan. Boy. Boy I was sick as a motherfuck dog. I was sick at the at, at at, at at at the stains and the crumbs that she was having in her motherfucking pans.


Man I stayed with her. I didn't leave her, I didn't have nowhere else to go. I had to deal with that situation and every time after that point she would wanna do over sex and I couldn't do it no motherfucking mo. I just couldn't do it. And she stayed in some shit like man y'all don't even understand man may changed my life when I went through this woman dirty hamper. So I'm telling y'all don't never go through a woman dirty hamper. You gonna see some shit that you gonna wanna see. Like this hole was nastier than me. And I know it's been times where I had shit in my drawers often. And she was like, we was running the race like, you know what I'm saying?


We was gonna tie this shit and I couldn't believe it. Oh my. I never brought it up to it. Like I I man y'all man true story y'all. I didn't leave. I stayed with her shit ass. 'cause we both were shitty. We was the shitty duo like real talk like and I just wanted to get this story off my chest know. 'cause you know what I'm saying, maybe somebody can relate to this shit that I be going through in my life. Man. I be having shit situation shout was fine, too bad. I'm talking about bag and then battle. But she had shit in the drawers though man. Like and man I couldn't believe it. I like, thank God I ain't the only one with this problem too. Like I see somebody else suffering from sugar like us too.


So shit, I wasn't even tripping about the shit man. Just being honest man. You know what I'm saying? And somebody saying well we throw our driveway. I'm just saying though, like I didn't really have nothing to throw away because I ain't have a three pair of boxes as it was. You know what I'm saying? So it live what? Live. I ain't gonna never say her name or nothing like that. I'm just being respectful. But you know, she know who she is and she know she sugar and hopefully you not still sugar to this day. Like 'cause that, that, that, that, that, that wasn't a good look. Like, like you, you, you know what I'm saying? You should your ass a little better. You a woman and man. Yeah man that forever changed me moment right there. I knew then I needed to go but like I say, I didn't have nowhere to go so I didn't leave.


So you know I waited up the income time when she let me carry one of her kids. And I'm like yeah, appreciate it. I'm gonna shun you 1200 when they, when I get my money back. And then you know when I got my money back I was like man the IS took it man somebody they gonna run a scam And then I talk about it up. Yeah I got back, I had got back, I got back like 9,300 couldn't tell me nothing. When I got that 9,300 back. I ain't give her me, me real talk when holler my homeboy who had one of them be, you know what I'm saying, shot him 2,900 for that. You know what I'm saying? He already had rims on, you know what I'm saying? I was good, you know, couldn't tell me I'm riding all motherfucking day. I ain't had no to stay but I was riding every motherfucking day bending corners. The AC didn't work in the car.


So every store I that I saw, I would jump out, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? And everybody like, man, dude showing out he can't stay out that car. But I was really trying to breathe when I was getting out the car and going to them stove and see 'cause my car didn't have ac like yeah but I felt good then man. Like I was, man yeah I got, I finessed real good. Got down good on her like yeah boy I got away from that situation though man. And you know I got with this other chick and then she started showing me how to clean myself the right way, proper way. She showed me proper love. That old girl never showed me. Like she never showed me TLCI didn't know what TL she was at the time man, because Charlotte was just just cheating and cheating on me. And even though she was shaking, she was cheating on me.


Like I like I tell y'all all the time. YI think I be joking man. Charlotte was cheating and, and I was hurt. I mean I, I lost a lot of weight like hey man I got down to my birth weight but because how she was cheating on me like my mama and them like real talk. They had put a rumor out on me like true story. Like, and you know when you black you can't lose weight that rapidly unless you own some shit or you got some shit. And my mama was telling church members like my baby got that shit. I'm like I ain't got that shit mama. I'm just going through a storm. You know the same storm had to put you through like why would you put that on your son like that. That ain't right. But that girl yeah I lost, I got down my birth weight after that. Damn. But all that cheating she did on me. I shit, I don't never wanna feel that pain dog, woman man.


I don't wanna feel that pain man. And then it's always somebody in your family, man I been knowing she was cheating on you but you and you ain't. Nah I got to block you like forever. I can't, I can't. How could you know somebody was doing evil with me like that? And don't tell me man, I just didn't want to hurt your feeling man. I feelings hurt. 'cause you didn't call and tell me this. That's why family ain't family no more, man. Like I know I ain't the only one that went through this situation. It gotta be somebody out there that can relate with this. Somebody talk to me man. Like I'm talking about man, I'm, I'm, I I mean I lost a lot of weight y'all. I mean I didn't want to talk to nobody. I was calling into work.


I was, I was making up fake diseases and shit. I got outta my, I was just making up shit. I a model girl. I ain't, I would just tell 'em I got all kind of shit. I got covid, I can't come in and I was just hurting trying to watch her, trying to find out who she was sleeping with, man. Like that whole sneaky too boy. Like the whole time she had me thinking her side, dude was her brother. The entire relationship I was with her man. And what made me mad 'cause me and her side dude we bonded like we used to move furniture mount TVs together. I even bought him tickets to see Cowboys play. Man, like me and fam bonded and, and and she, she got down on me like that. I thought, I really thought that was her brother.


Man. Man it was time he would come pick me up, take me to work, you know what I'm saying? And man he was going right back to my crib posting up dog, like eating my granola bars and shit. And that's off limits style. Like my granola bars is off limit. Like I'm trying to watch my calories fam and you laying over with my girl eat my granola ball. Like that was the last straw for me. And this with my guys, I'm my, I love dearly, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know, I'm, I'm working, you know what I'm saying? He, he in the streets doing what he do to feed his family and you know, by him betraying me like that, you know, I might've, you know what I'm saying, went down there and talked to, I mean Detective Steve and, and told him who was moving woo woo this and that and you know, he took a vacation like true story like, you know what I'm saying?


I had to get him and then, you know, like he was just foul man. I had to get regular dude like that man. Like, because there were times I would call him asking him for a 3.5, he'd be like, he ain't got it. But the minute I send my girl over there, she come back with couple o's you know what I'm, I'm like what's up with that? You know what I'm saying? Like why can, like what, what's really going on? And he, he and so you know I had I he had to learn the hard way. He's sitting down to this day. Yeah Roger's sitting down right now to this day. Yeah. Behind that plate. Yeah. Every time Roger come up for parole I go right back down there and talk on me shit. His sister talking about you know Roger coming home, shit, you know he ain't over my dead body.


Long as I got breath in me, I'm gonna always go down there and talk when it's time for parole come his sister talking about you wrong. His kids need him. Shit. I ain't have no father either. I ain't have no father. Why his kids gotta have one. So you saying his kids back to me, y'all talk to me, lemme know if I'm wrong. I don't think I'm shit y'all the truth. Shit. Roger ain't never coming home so y'all can stop asking and beating around the bull.


Come on D Man ain't he ain't coming. I'm just telling y'all truth. He knows what he saw and he's here to you. Hell Let's get to the hell no today man. So I gonna ask me Bubba do man what you do bull riding? Hell no I'm not jumping on no 1500, 2000 pound bull and bucking them. No. And then when I fall off he gonna try to come through and hit me with his horn. Never they I like some exorcism shit to me that ain't me not playing ul. My life people, people do that shit.


Only white people play with they lives. I like them. I but how am I playing with my loud white people? Lemme tell you something about a white person man they they don't give a damn about the other white people dying. No they care about they animals. They wasn't no motherfucking houses catch on fire. What's the first thing no white people do when they get out? I gotta get Ralphie and run back in there and bring up and die but the dogs survive and all that matters to them is they a hero. John went out like a hero. He saved Ralphie, not no nigga and not no niggas love. But if the house catch on fire and that shit high shit ain't y'all, y'all going there and give them.


I'm just saying we wired different white people wanna be heroes nigga don't give a damn I ain't get burned up, you know what I'm saying? White people don't mind they get burned up. Yeah I lost my god damn thumb right here man. Then I lost this finger and I just said healthy, I don't need no damn hands. I can just grab my dog like this and just make it out the best shit nigga. Stop doing that. And the last time you ever seen a Mexican house burned down, never you can't burn down no house full of goddamn coronas or hunting shit. That's the key. Your house will never burn after you got Hurricane Corona ain't never single a Mexican lose a high behind no fire shit no goddamn Mexican.


Put that fire so goddamn fast. Be crazy ain't bullshitting. You know I ain't lying. Might smell like man but that motherfucker ain't gonna burn. These are facts. These are facts Jack. Y'all talking about man hell y'all talking about today in the comedy Man we ain't bullshitting on this bubble dub show man. Y'all won't comedy damn it. I'm gonna give you comedy man. Which one you want? I'm gonna give you sports and I'm gonna give you some comedy Damnit Real talk. You gonna get full over here with me? Yeah you gonna get it out. You going get Flip full? Yeah. Bullshitting with y'all today. What we talking about? Talking about hit me up. I know y'all been seeing that shit at Eyes Shit Bubble do but could you ever go Eyes Trucking?


Never. I'm not riding no big 18 wheeler on no motherfucking Eyes. They ain't nothing. You on top and I can't come on white people and them truckers be happy. Them Uck on full of that roll a million hours. Shit. Not me. Them damn loads will never get deliver shit. Gotta get out and check the tire. Dub not doing all that. Not going run no damn. Somebody hit me up. Could I ever be a correction officer? Hell no. I'm too crooked. I end up being in jail if I correction.


I be sneaking so much shit in here to my people and charging the hell outta them. Shit. You know how much a box of cigarettes go for in the pen? A a probably a band. Shit, I been done got fired, I've been in jail because I be bringing everything in. Shit. It makes love to see me coming shit. They gonna damn right there. I know I got some, I know I got some, I got some green coming and do having in a nine big package for you. It's gonna be called Fire, fire, fire, fire. But it's gonna be straight Rich. Charge your arm and a leg for it too. For a Oz. I want two, I want 10 bands not bullshitting Dub crooked like that Ain't Ears ain't needle shit For 25 years.


BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now. At A xs.com Don't miss asap. Rocky, big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa Guen, Stephan Halsey Poser Sheath. Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows show up the weekend. Thomas Red Victoria Monet a special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


Maya Moore win when she give her ESPN 30 for 30 foot story. She married with somebody in the pen. He came home knocked her up. Man that's that's a strange ass story to watch. Maya Moore wanted a one of one. She was a great WNBA player but she fell in love with somebody behind the pen. He was pinging that game down to her and it's, it's, it's a, it is a love story if you ask me about it because fam came home and did right? Yeah. Fam came home and did right by Maya Moore. Shout out to that queen. Shout out to her king. I can't think of fam name but he did his job behind bars came home and they living happy ever after Maya Moore. So y'all need to check out that story man. Real talk.


Y'all know I ain't lying to y'all. It's all facts over him. It's all facts. I can't make some of this shit up. Some of the shit I done been through some of the shit I done been through in my life. I'm just telling y'all what it is man. But I wanna know right now how my Colorado Buffalo fans feeling right now. We play Thursday night. Yeah, north Coga State. Somebody give me the scope right now. Colorado against North Dakota State. I need somebody to cu right now to gimme the score. Gimme the score of the game right now. Let's talk What? What we got. Make sure you hitting the like button right now. Make sure you can hit the subscribe button right now. You can't get this type of shit nowhere else. You can't get it nowhere else you hear the dog. You can't get him nowhere. You can't get this nowhere else.


24 17 Colorado. 27 North Dakota State, Chicago Western Score. Talk to me y'all Smokey Burr. I ain't never really been on tour like that. My guy 31 10 35, 14 41 27. Okay, okay, okay. Who y'all got wing nigga all this year in college football. Who do you got right now? Wing nigga. All in college football. Talk to me. Is it Colorado? Is it Alabama? Is it Texas? Is you go Ohio. Your state? Is it Michigan? We know it ain't Florida State. TRASHH. I'm gonna get to y'all in a minute. Florida State. I went down there and lost to Georgia Tech.


Yeah I'm gonna get to you. Y'all thought I forgot all about that. FSU, I ain't forgot Coach Prime rolling over in his golf court riding up there in Colorado that went down there and lost. We gonna talk about it. Somebody say Miami. Somebody said LSU. Yeah, yeah we gonna see on that and that's definitely TRASHH of the day for me to get to the TRASHH of the day. If Florida State Union TRASHH to the football player that was standing out there and watching Georgia Tech when they got ready to get off the bus, get stern like you were gonna do something. Didn't do a damn thing. Chamber was Winston rolling over in crab legs right now. Florida State University.


Speaking of Winston. Well my Cleveland Brown fans at Well yeah, you know we got y'all game. One cowboy stop real motherfucking quiet dog. Pound where? Hit Bone. Th Harmony. Where your head come here, come here. Talk to me. Cleveland will win. Can we get a wager on that? I wanna wager on that. The Cleveland Browns will win. I wanna wage you shit.


Next game too late for FSU. They supposed to beat Georgia Tech. They ain't got no more. Calvin Johnsons over there Fa. They supposed to beat Georgia Tech if you a dog. If you might. Y'all, y'all still might be a dog. Y'all just got worms. Y'all need some medicine? Yeah y'all need some damn heartworm or something. Y'all need some medicine And. we ain't on the cowboy right now. Do we gonna talk about that? We ain't on the cowboy right now. We ain't on that. We know what that is. Boy. Gonna run through them. Marcus G. What's good man?


Y'all talk to me man. I got time today. Let's talk. Let's talk about it man. How y'all feeling man? Hopefully y'all feeling good man. I I, I, you know especially mentally. Hopefully y'all feeling great man. Hope ain't nobody on this page today depressed. Don't know their next meal gonna come. It's gonna come. It's definitely gonna come. I promise you that. Yeah. Leave all your burdens up to the Lord man. He gonna make a way for you. I promise you. Good Lord gonna make a way. He always will and he always have. He ain't gonna come when you want him to come. He gonna come when he want to come but he always gonna be on time. I always give everything I ever done in my life, I always give him praises to the good Lord. Without him I wouldn't be here today.


So without y'all fans I wouldn't be here. So thank y'all for keeping tuning into my show each and every day we growing the Chad up right now. I appreciate it. Yeah, football season almost zero. And I know y'all can't wait. I can't wait to pull up to y'all stadiums And. we gonna have a ball. We gonna have a ball this football season man. It's gonna be a rollercoaster ride. I know the damn cowboy gonna have my blood pressure up but I'm, but I'm ready. I'm ready to have my I I'm ready and I don't mind switching teams. I don't give a damn what you finna say? I switch teams in a minute. Some of you don't here man you can't be switching team. You ain't lawyer. Y'all ain't even loyal to your own woman. How the hell you gonna tell me to be loyal to a team? Do you hear me? Do you hear what the I just said some of you people will tell me you need to be lawyer to your team.


Only one team but you ain't loyal to your queen TRASHH. Don't talk to me no motherfucking mo and lemme tell y'all something. My real fans, y'all know who you is when y'all see people in them comments hating on me. Drop the TRASHH emojis on them. That's what we doing when they get the hating on Doug. Drop the TRASHH emojis on. Damn right. Let 'em know y'all gonna play behind your boy and I gonna play behind y'all. I got the TRASHH merch. It's on the way so get ready to put it in your organs for your TRASHH shirts. Come here shirt on the way. They ain't right. If you're at work right now and you can't watch the show and you want listen, go to Apple podcast or type in Spotify and listen to me.


Listen to your boy real talk


And. if you watching this show then you gotta know it's being presented by prize picks. That's right. Yeah. First time you put $5 in you gonna get back 50. Huh? You lying Did that and all you put it in with five. Now you're live. Now let me show you how to play. All you gotta do is put more lengths where more less simple. They got Caitlyn Clark down for five threes. You put more less. They got Angel Reese down for 15 points. You put more less. They got Angel Wilson down for 23 point. You put more less. Yeah, three out of three is a one of four out of four is a one of five out of five. You at the bank making it happen. Download, prize, pick and use my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs baby. Yeah, the only way you going to win if you going play. Yeah I can't wait. Yeah I'm playing football. You could play baseball. Yeah. Boxing Prize pick Got it all. You let go download it right now and you your promo code TRASHH? Yeah. Two hs baby.


Yeah man. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this show today much as I love coming over here and talking with y'all man. What y'all talking about man? Lemme see what y'all the good people talking about today because we going out man. MVP who? I got MVP of the NFL this year. M-V-P-M-V-P. I would say the N-F-L-M-V-P this season will be tour for the Miami Dolphins. I'm just saying that. I'm just throwing it out there. I think Tour gonna win NFL NM VP this year. That's my N-F-L-M-V-P. This year is tour. That's who I got. Who y'all got man? Kenny a man. What my cowboys do to you?


Who pissed in your cup of coffee today? Fam Cowboys ain't did nothing to you dog. You must be a Giants fan. I understand you a Giants fan. Your only Giants fans will come out and say something like that man. Real Talk Colorado 27 North Dakota 10 Lamar Jackson. Okay, okay. I'm rocking with that. I'm definitely rocking with that. Yeah, like I said though man, if you ever been in a serious situation like I've been in in man and you ain't got nowhere else to go, I advise you could do what I did. Stay there man. I will look up there in the eyes and tell I love a shitty ass but it will hurt. You know what I'm saying? Like but I still have nightmare behind that sh that girl man. I mean, I mean I might have, I might have a a forever effect right here on my lip, you know what I'm saying?


Man, like dog, like I done been through some shit like some shit that y'all gonna never wanna go through in life. Like your boy, your boy done been there like and I and I'm just telling y'all I done been there and you gotta be careful man. Real talk because these hoes will hurt you. Boy they I got down to my birth weight. I'm not bullshitting. I was thin without the h. I ain't bullshitting. I was thin without the h. I was, man, thank y'all for tuning in today's show man. I think I like it doing bugger catching. Y'all catching me live like this. But I need y'all to spread the word about the bubble do show man. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna bringing y'all this kind of comedy energy. The energy I need y'all to do is share it for you.


Boy, that's all I need. And I'm gonna do rest. Like I told you, we finna start flying y'all out to a games with you boy. Yeah, for real. For real. Talk this season y'all show me you fans that's watching. Y'all will be lucky. I ain't gonna say lucky. You'll be blessed to come out on the road with me and go to the Houston, just Dallas or Dallas and the Saints and wherever it is, man. We're gonna make it happen. So just keep watching and appreciate all the love. Make sure you stand the comments, man. So you'll know what cities and states I be at when I have my comedy shows. Yeah man. I'm back and rolling pretty much every day, man. You know what I'm saying? But thank y'all for tuning into the Bubble Dove show. I'll see y'all when I see y'all. Peace. I'm out The volume.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, ua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria. Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin. Hint more Stream. Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.