
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa. Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin Hand More Stream live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council


The Volume. We back. Yeah we back to back today. I know y'all wasn't expecting to see me but we back. Yeah I got a whole lot of mother talk about right now today I'm hot. Hot. How Vin ain't have no power. That's how hot I am right now. Let me go ahead and address the elephant in the room right now today I'm gonna get to Brody. I'm gonna get to his three points I have. I'm gonna get to that but I wanna start with the team USA right now trash. Okay because why ain't gonna be there no more. Cool. Why y'all ain't go out and get Jayden Brown? It's what I'm gonna know.


Is it because she a free thinker? Is it because she gonna wanna run Nike show? What is it man just won finals mvp. And you mean to tell me because man ain't got no spot. Team USA come on now. Don't play with my intelligence. Y'all gonna go out and get Derrick White as teammate and ain't nothing wrong with that but he ain't Jaylen Brown. That's like going out. That's just like, that's just like bringing in Jermaine Jackson and style of Michael Jackson. You gonna do that. That's bullshit going on in the team USA right now. And it needs to be addressed. All you former mother players them play. Y'all ain't seen shit.


Let's get to the bottom of this now. Kawhi Leno withdrawal. He he, he couldn't be there. Lee's terrible. We know that that the bones of a seven year, we know they have by Kawhi Leno. So you remove him now you supposed to bring in somebody like a Jacob and Brown who deserve to be there and you don't do it. Don't go. I need y'all help today. I need you in the comments with me today. I know I'm dressed like I'm, I know I'm dressed like I'm finna go pick up trash on the road. Damn right. I'm, I'm here to help these people out here they ain't got lights, Ys and shit messed up when my spare time I go out there and help them clean up.


But let me get back to the subject at the end right now I want to know why Jaylen Brown is not on Team USA. That's what I want to know Steven. They well yeah well yeah. This is hot topic that need to be talked about right now in the world right now. I don't give a damn about Trump and Biden right now. I wanna know why Jayden Brown free thinking that ain't on team USA. Y'all think about everything else. Lets talk about it. Can somebody please help me out man, I know Derrick White is a good player, is a good player two way player. I get it. He helped boss and win the championship this year.


I get it. But who ever, whoever than the man who won finals. MVP be rosaro over in this motherf fucking grave right now. With the actions. With these actions. Re I back ov cigars in his grave right now. I need some help today y'all. I I I don't get it. I don't understand it. I know it's politics man. J Man Jaylen Brown not gonna finish. Say he can't too. He can't be that too bad of a person. Boston gave him all that more money Boston gave so he can't be that too motherfucking bad of a person.


Oh he gonna say something man ain't gonna say nothing man gonna go out there and do his job and y'all ain't letting them do it. Bullshit. If you ask me bullshit, if you ask me, I know what y'all probably think Dov you right. Do like I ain't even think about that. You damn right. I'm disgusted right now. Team USA actions I'm disgusted at they actions right now. Who the head coach over there right now? Is it Kurt? Is he over there? Right here? I heard you over there somewhere and somebody who coach over there.


Y'all ain't doing y'all motherfucking job. Oh baby you are and you're being told don't do it. See it's always two sides to this. That's why I just, I'm mad, I'm upset but maybe they being told don't do it you know like but I'm gonna go ahead and address what y'all really want to talk about right now bro. Jane that that's then do a damn thing yesterday for y'all. He didn't do a damn thing for y'all. And we gonna get to it. Three points took three shots. That ain't gonna fucking get it bro. It's summer league. You need to be out there shooting that motherfucker like Kobe.


That's we should be shooting like Kobe. All that work daddy done did to get you in and you up there take it but come on dog. You better than that. Let that motherfucker fly. Three points, five rebound three blocks, two CI like it. I know what you, I know what you can do on the defense's end fight. You can show us that we need to see your motherfucking offense. You just gained your second game and and you it okay but you gotta show that you starting to make fool out here.


Everybody in my DM trash for what? He ain't played trash like but taking three shots is trash. You got to have 10, 15 attempts. Every mother guy, you, LeBron James son fell. They already don't like you. They already think you gonna fail so fucking go out Ang team USA beat. That's what you supposed to do. Y'all saying this shit like it's breaking news. You got LeBron James, Kevin Duran Step Curry on the same team motherfucker. You should never lose.


You should never lose. How y'all feeling today man? I ain't feeling too good man. I'm, I'm hot. I'm one of no moves right now man. I alright. I know y'all seen me. Chris Stevenson, he gonna hit me up on IG calling me a d Rgg talking I was begging to see him. Fuck ain't nobody coming to see you Otis and you know it. I ain't never begged to see you. Why would I wanna beg to see you Sha secure. I'm best friend with Floyd Mayweather the great box of all time. Why the would I wanna beg to see you? Oh you have to have your little comeback.


I get it. I'm still on your side fam. I still think you gonna be a great boxer. All I'm saying was you let your hands go that's all. Let your motherfucking hands go. That's all. But y'all get it. You in your feelings. You want to, you know you wanna respond to everybody. You can't do that fam. You got to be able to take criticism fam. I take it, I don't get mad lash out but yeah you, you letting people know your weaknesses fam we know we can get to you say anything to you now so people really going, people going really go at your now before your big fights. If you ever have any besides e esp n you know ESPN is free, people can tune in for free fam I'm trying to help you get them big paydays so get your head out your ass and come on to The Bubba Dub Show And.


we can talk about it. We can talk about how great you are 'cause you good at talking about how great you are and the things you going to do. But when you get in the damn ring you don't do nothing. You fight back outside the ring then inside the ring sweet signs. Yeah let's talk about it. You seem to be wanting to talk about everything. Hell get your ass in that ring with pit bull then. And I don't wanna hear nothing about no damn contract. They giving you 25% because that's what you're bringing in that motherfucker. Get your ass in number people. That's what I wanna see. Fight people.


Yeah keep bringing up them contract issues. That's what you better say like walk ahead beat mother and you know it y'all man. Hey man people, people people people just like to respond and they going to listen. You say nothing bad about the young man, like the young man like him a lot. I don't like people walking out on that fight. I don't like it. I don't, I really don't. He too good of a fighter for people be doing that. All I'm saying was and I know old boy was a Olympic fighter. I get it but you were supposed to knock that something out. That's all.


That's all. That's all I was saying. Ain't no love lost. We still good. I'm just want you to know one thing about me. I'm gonna speak facts. I ain't gonna never get online and speak lies Pam. I ain't never begged to see you dog and you know that don't do that. But I like the interview. Yes and a server other more people but they beg n and you talking about level. What level you on? I ain't on motherfucker. I'm getting muddy just like you getting money. Yeah I got four passive income fam.


Yeah we gonna talk, we gonna talk that real shit. We gonna talk that fake shit. That clown shit. We don't do that. I ain't gonna t I'm right here go on YouTube every day talking that talk, that real talk. The shit that burns your soul when shit cut deep. You want a lash shot. Females do that jazz back in the boxing gym and work on your game and you see why I'm make, I'm back in my gym doing what I do whole lot going on in the world today man. We gonna talk about it on this show whether they like it, we going to talk about it now. The more of them went from smoking on pipes to sucking on them now went from shooting in the rim to getting it in the rim.


What's going on Lamar? What is it? The dope. What the Kash do to you? What they do to you? You a champion and don't mention Kobe name right now. He rolling over in this grave. What you doing right now? He rolled it over Dr. Bus rolling over in this mother grave right now. Lamar Oldham right now man. God saved your life and you damn near died in that brothel. You took every pill known the man in them with them. Ho. And I don't blame but you went wrong popping pills, you shoulda been taking hundred pack. That's all you need.


Not my Lamar Olden, not my Albus Skiles eating mother. Not, not my, not my champion no more olden. I don't know what's going on no more y'all. I really don't. I it hurt my heart to see that on TV yesterday, man. Dwayne Wade the open up a nail salon. I here man. What's going on fam? Dwayne Wade got his hands in everything. Tall jazz. Now you can get your nails done at Wade Salon. Come on. Come on man.


To Barkley rolling over in Krispy Kreme donut right now. How y'all feeling today man? I, I wanna know man personally. How y'all feeling man? Y'all all right if you got here in, do you got lice, do you got walk? Do you need, do you need anything Man, DM me man for the rest of the people on how y'all doing man? Y'all all right? Y'all still wondering why I'm dressed like this. I'm helping people man. I'm going around the road getting sticks and limb, tree, limbs, out, people yard, all that I'm doing, I'm doing my thing out here man. I'm helping folks. Bullshit going on man. People lying to us and shit and I'm tired of being lied to man. I'm tired of fucking being lied to. I'm tired of people doing me wrong. Damn. Ain't shit that my cousin you my ride more been hagging two motherfucking weeks.


I called him mother day. Bam. I need a ride mow ride blocked Beacon. That's what I'm gonna say to him. Block can't even get through to a college mama call. He can lie and told them that he ain't rocking with me no more. So I so he, so he, what he basically trying to do is steal a ride mow like I told my aunt there, that ain't even my mow in riding mow that ride mow, I owe 35 more payments on that damn mo. And then y'all in my everybody else see man do it man. It's all about fa family ain't shit. How in the hell you going come borrow my mo then block me they some shit and block me but I ain't tripping.


I already done called Aron and gave, gave his address. Everybody get it. Shit. He gonna be expecting me. He ain't gonna be expecting they gonna pull up and they want they motherfucking ride more. It's a zero turn too. It costed it 5,000. But, but if I would paid it out I would've paid 15,000 for it. Shit. I knew I wasn't gonna pay it no damn way. But shit. Go, go, go and get call and talk to his mama. I don't know but y'all need to work. Shit. I ain't working no mama fucking thing out with your son. Next time he called me needing a place to stay, he going think nigga goddamn over I the I bet you that I bet you I won't open my door for no fucking mo.


I bet I won't go and pick him up and let him smoke with me. No mother fucking mo. Only thing I'm gonna be doing, putting the laws in his line. Normally he behind on child support. So if they come by and ask me any question, do you know what? Do you know where he at? I do come here. I tell him, Tre me, I take you right to him.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. It's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are are on sale now. At A xs.com Don't miss ASAP Rocky, I don't big shot Camila Cabell. Don Cat Dua Lipa. When Stefan Halsey Hozier Sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows show up the weekend. Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Cold Plays Chris Martin Hand more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is ael. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


How y'all feel man? How y'all think I'm I'm am I'm overreacting or am IW You ain't tripping dog. I don't blame you dog Mama stole my mo. I do something. See I can't do nothing to him. Damn by 6 3 2 30 I can't do nothing with him physically. I can play with his mind though. That's what I'm good at. I can play with your mind Don. I can put them folks in your life. But before I do that I'm putting, I already told Aarons his address and where the more possibly could be go and get it. I ain't got it no more Own family. Do you like that y'all my own family did me like that. Told y'all man I'm going through a storm.


Y'all ain The only one going through shit out here. I'm going through a lot, going through a lot going out to holler my boy Antonio period with the Las Vegas too. Yeah, I'm pulling up to, I'm gonna support my black coach. I'm gonna support ain't got, don't get me wrong. I love my white coaches too but shit, I'm supporting mine. I'm supporting Tony, your parent and the regular. So when you see me and regular girl mind your mother business time. We take a stand. I'm taking a stand right now. I'm rocking with whoever rocking with me And you should do same lot.


Y'all drunks around here. Can't afford no alcohol, won't get drunk every day. Go one of them red parties. They got burs every damn well. Just show up Mother go to a black party. One CG half empty and it's the nastiest mother fucking big deal. And the cheapest. Y'all gotta stop it. Popping running around here wearing Bilos Linga shoe, wearing PR shoes, wearing Versace shoes and but can't pay for a 3.5. Stop it.


You get your mother and that's off. Mind me, you can go buy product. Huh? Calabasas search DaVinci search D show. But you ain't got money for five nigga. Get your ass off me. Hey man, if you can't watch this show man, go to Apple podcast and type in The Bubba, Dub Show and leave me review or go to Spotify man. Type in The Bubba Dub Show man and listen to me and leave a review man. And be honest man. Everybody is out there rocking.


How we rocking man? Nobody here bringing this passion and realness and funny to a, to a show like me. I'm giving it to you raw. That's the only way I know how I can sugarcoat this shit. I can't sugarcoat my feelings. I can't do it. I gotta let you know what's going on right here with me. I gotta let you know what's going on in the motherfucking world. If a storm coming, I got to tell you, I got to tell you what's going on.


Y'all see the hat? Yeah. Prize pick. That's who this show is being presented by is Prize Picks. If you're a first time user, I'm finna show you how to do this. When you go and download prize picks, use my promo code trash with the two Hs. T-R-A-S-H-H what it is after that where you want they, they gonna ask you email and all that. Then you gonna have to put it in your location and let you know where you gonna be able to do it or not. Then after that, when you get in now the games is easy. It's either more or less. What you mean d Lemme explain a little bit more loud and clear so you can understand what I'm telling you about Prize Pick but only more or less. Yeah, like tonight they probably, they got Ajo Slater to have 24 points. You either put more or less they got Scholar Dick to have two rebounds. You either put more or less. Do you get what I'm saying? Huh? No but keep going. Okay they might got Angel, Reese, dick fine. Woo. I don't wanna get out so I don't wanna get, they might have Angel Reese to have 10 rebounds a night. You either put more less three Outta three is a winner. Four outta four is a winner. Five outta five you can spend $10 a day and make a thousand. You can't do that on down. But this one no profit. Spend 10 and you can win Big. Yeah Don download prospect number one support. Big thing. Say app right now. Use my promo code trash. We back now from paying them bills.


You know we have to pay some bills now we back, now we gotta talk about some more things man. Still got trash of the day coming up. Still got the hell no Segments coming up. We got everything coming up on The, Bubba, Dub, Show. Like I told you, I'm going down there to visit the Las Vegas Raiders at camp going visit the Cowboys at training camp and I'm going to visit the Indianapolis coach at training camp come three spots. I'm gonna go on make sure you left. You ain't going to see your team. That's what you gotta sure do. If you're a real fan you gotta experience some things man. You gotta to go out there. If you can go out there to them training camp and see your team. See for yourself. Damn the news they my motherfucker be lying on news saying one one time. They said who was that Said Dak through seven interceptions in practice.


That was a damn life through three man. It seem like seven but it through three. See you can't believe everything they say. You got to go down there and see for yourself. See me like I say I be on property, I wanna go down there and see if I'm gonna be riding with a certain player and, and and on on Prize pick this year I got to go and watch him practice now I can't watch CD Lamb right now 'cause CD Lamb ain't practicing right now. He he he in the contract dispute. Jerry Jones, you need to get your head got your ass fa go ahead and pay the man. Go ahead and pay him. Let him and Dak get, get the jailing and practice with the other teammates. That's what you got to be doing right now. It's a team effort.


It ain't just the players, it's the coaches, it's the ownership, it's the people in the concession stands to make it. Nachos and hot dogs. And, we got them. Everybody got to be on one Accord And. we not. That's why we keep getting laughed at. Every time I tell somebody I I'm a cowboy fan, they laugh at me. I'm sick of it, sick of this shit. And I know my people in Atlanta watching y'all can't laugh either. You motherfuckers ain't want nothing either. Why you go got my boy. That's how my people in Atlanta talking. You know people in Atlanta I got no love for you but y'all motherfucker ain't doing nothing. Dirty Bird lost Mad Crime Run lost so we're in the same boat.


We ain't been but at least we got one. I be that gig and you two you watch the Commanders. Yeah EJ Johnson running your team right now. Trash ain't gonna be, ain't finna be jerseys no more. EJ finna be Jerseys dresses bullshit man. And I'm here to talk about it. I'm here to talk about it. Y'all ain't no more good TV shows on no more. Ain't no more Martins ain't no more living single. You know what I'm saying? Ain't ain't no more living color. Ain't no more fool like my God TV gonna come back, put me in one of them tv, let me be a blind janitor and I find trust can't see but I can feel like Ray Charles in that mother girl.


Ooh ooh ooh your booty real. Your booty aint fake. See I could tell all that. Come on man. I know I ain't bullshitting today with y'all man. I'm upset man. I'm telling y'all at team USC to USA shit had me hot man. Like I don't understand man. I keep going back to like man I don't understand why Jalen Brown is not on Team USA man. I need answers man. I really, I need answers for all this shit. It's not, it is not registering to me. Maybe it might register y'all but it ain't registered me at all. Like come on make it make shit like I told y'all Clippers, you know what I'm saying? They, I told ua bring your ass back dog down there in practice.


Look playing, running around like you drunk. That's the problem you running around in them damn practice. Team USA looking ful. Hey you just came from Costa Rico shit. Hell no boy. She you she you play for me that see you play for me. I'm the one paying you four 50 million year now Team USA you get your ass back up pretty LA get this good trim outside that I got for you and and let's and let's play Ball Pink Gum Tyrone get get a new playbook. Got James Horne brought his fat ass back. Clipper gonna be alright man ain't saying they ain gonna do all this in that got pg but the Clippers going to be all right man it's my damn Lego that I'm worried about.


I don't know. Got know Dalton look good though. Dalton ball out there so Lee Ball him mean I gotta look over there and let the stat line and gotta look at Brody James three points knowing y'all come over here and get on his ass. What y'all do bro it back. If you gonna talk about him, talk about him taking three shots. Other than that I don't wanna hear nothing else about Bernie James but you got to shoot that motherfucker. Bam that all bro three shots you got shoot that motherfucker man. I know you can man I don't care what bro can score 10 to 12 points a night. I know he can man. I know he want to get the team involved man. All that dog the eyes is against you bro.


Shoot the ball look like me right now. I'm going for mine right now man. I feel like Norbit man now I look old tell you know what I'm saying. Call nice me want to pull up coming, I'm gonna scrape up a little bit more. I can catch the Greyhound bus and go around coming talking. She ain't got no lights coming. Come in the rescue you baby I'm coming. Yeah talk to me man. What were y'all favorite cartoons growing up man let's talk about this shit man. Man I was Tom and Jerry Daffy duck Wi the Duck. I used to be on that Inspector Gadget.


I used to be on that too man. But John and Jerry my shit real talk they that mice was something else boy. That mice oh boy Tom the cat trash he couldn't mess with Jerry shit. Tell me real talk, let's talk about it man. We always talk about it, you know hoes and all that other shit man. Let's talk about cartoon man. What was your favorite cartoon growing up? Man, like I say Tommy Jerry one of mine definitely Doug Wing Duck was one of mine too. The little squirrels or the rescue Rangers, whatever you call 'em might not even be pronounce 'em right. But that was one of my favorite cartoons as well that I used to watch but man yeah man now you know what time it is man.


Time for forget hell no sick, let's get to it Live on show. He knows what he and he's here to Somebody ask me Bubble do do you like watching porn? Hell no I don't like watching no big motherfuckers knowing my thing small. I don't like watching that hurt my feeling. My girl put it on there for what you right. Looking at big things like what you telling me you gonna like the small things in life no more if that's what you telling me. No I'm just saying I I don't wanna watch. No I don't wanna watch it. Somebody gimme a d. Where you born with a silver spoon in your mouth?


Hell no. I had plastic just like my baby mama had come here. Shit we ain never had no hard work either sit with little plastic or we use our damn hands. Oh yeah I had a bad grow that we didn't have shit. We didn't have a meme shit. Talk to me now they also asked me, well do would you ever work at the zoo? Hell no. No I'm scared. I'm scared of peacock. They be walking around out there shit I'm not working in no damn zoo. I do you want me to go in there and feed this crazy damn animals eat they own kids. What you think they'll do with me?


Think about it. They eat they own damn kids. What you think they'll do with me? I'm not getting in now I fucking with me. All them damn been done got out shit. I've been done and got fired and and got prosecuted and all that other shit because I'm telling you right now, man, I'm scary. I can't fight and I'm scared down real talk and I'm gonna tell y'all another thing. Don't make the mistakes I made in my life. I messed around and told my cousin that his frenchy bulldog wasn't full blooded boy. That motherfucker tried to kill me. He couldn't catch me though but he was gonna kill me if he could. I ran all around my damn ain house shit. Talking about stop running shit. I'm not running from, I'm not doing Tell them best bet you ever get in the argument with a dog breeder.


Never tell them they dog not full blooded the fight is on and they will killed too. I'm not bullshit. I seen my cousin, I he really won Do me in but you not catching me track star. You the runner. He's the track star. I'm shit. I rang in front of my girl. I know you ain't running. Bitch shut up. Mind your business, you won't live a long time. Mind you. Business shit. Told I was running around touching it. Girl you better bring your ass on from go. You gonna get left. Are you gonna get left All because I told him the dog wasn't full of blood. That's all freaky bulldogs. Don't get the size of no damn bull masters.


That's all I'm saying man you could kept that to yourself. Well you need to gimme back my goddamn $3,000. I done let you bother. That's what you need to be doing. Calling me lying to me telling me you had cancer and you ain't had no motherfucking cancer. Oh you had gone on, you know it and it got down on me. I got cancer. I need money going back and forth. I shoot her crooked mind ass three bang thinking I'm trying, I'm trying to help. I'm I'm trying to get back. They saying I'm selfish so I wanna get back for a chain help out. It's got gone. A real whole mother time. Ain't had no council, nothing damn mean shit.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He Was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com Don't miss ASAP Rocky I don't Big Sean Camila cabal Doji cat Dua Lipa. When Stefan Halsey poser she's new kids on the block. Paramore Shazi the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin Hand more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ed. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


I wonder why I'm mad, I'm upset most of the time because my family rock fuck over me man. They gonna treat me right. They don't they they they gonna treat me right with a damn right. I'm gonna just being 100 with you man. And we trying to have a family reunion. Damn serious. High as a motherfucker. I ain't come, I ain't, I ain't come. Family reunion shirt $70 what they do back here? We all need to wear white damn t-shirts. That's all I'm paying them $70 for no mother shirt. See I'm out here helping folks man. That's what I do. I'm a helper. Ain't gonna hamburger helper eat nigga two. Come on. Who I on Hamburger Helper. Raise your hand Me let Mama come in and talking about she cooking Hamburger helper.


I was running all around that mother happiest, excited. See everybody knows if you grew up on food stamp say I'm a food stamp baby but mama go and make groceries. Oh man mama make groceries. Ooh I got the snacks, I got you food. Come here. The journal piece come here. The real cereal come here ain't you See food stamps will make a child like me when I was a kid. He'll make me smile man mean mama come here with them bro. You can be outside playing mama. Come here with them bro. Shit you going in shit man shit I talk to shit. Hot Pockets come on. Ham and cheese pepperoni come here. I remember them days man vividly.


I remember them days man. And I wouldn't trading for nothing in the world man. Nah man. I'm not ashamed of being no food stamp baby man. I love my mama death. Nah my momma had five kids man. My momma made what? Eight $900 a month. Five kids raised all this shit. If they could survive off that then we gotta be able to survive out what we getting 'cause we getting a whole lot more than what they getting. I was like that's why I don't understand some of these females they have one kid can't take care of it And then you back in the day these women had five and six children may end me but the new way ho one child can't do a meet Me crying sick going dropping the kids off at the mama wanna go to the club every night.


Shit I'm mama shit she did that one time. Drop the kid off thought she was gonna go to the club shit you not gonna be partying without me. Shit. I write up in that mo I'm gonna dancing and bothering. Come on me. You supposed to be Y I'm I'm shit. I gotta lie too. There's a lot of other women out here lies I'm trying to fuck up too. You ain't the only one. I got some more other women lying fuck up too. I ain't that selfish to get do what to you. I'm gonna do it to come. I'm getting everybody pregnant. Come on she child support looking for me right now.


So if y'all gonna see me for about five or six months, I'm in jail dub you. Hell and ears and fucking ears. I'm enjoying my life. You better enjoy your, I told you show me y'all going to work. Ain't never took a vacation but take vacation. Stop bullshitting. I ain't lying. People dying every day. People dying Who ain't never died before. Your as better go on vacation somewhere. You ain't gotta leave town but leave a job rest. You got hours. I'm just don't keep stacking up. Stacking up. I know plenty people stacked up on their hours at they job and die. Ain't enjoyed shit. Ain't seen shit. Don't let that be. You enjoy your life. If you only get one, you get one life and you get about three or four holes.


Use they lifelines, holes add you on your life And then you know that right now you saying say what y'all want. I said well I said one about the more more 'em enjoy life. Yeah you smoke on that pipe now he on his knees on that pipe. I that's something that's between him and God and his kids and whoever is he. We I know Dwight Howard. Someone right now peeing, stalking under my old and page. I know Dwight Howard stalking that boy pay you can't tell me he ain't him and Tyler. Drake where you at fam hearing you got some new heard, you got some new tunes coming out.


What's that? Because you gonna need it because all I'm hearing they not like us. My damn pastor jumped out his truck banging. They not like us. That's what pastor said. Them devils is not like us. And I'm letting you know right now the mother people, they're not like us. See we could dumpster over here. We going to laugh. We going to cry. We're going to praise one another. That's what we going to do. I I'm newcomer might jump on her. Come on fam you behave man. I don't hate on nobody. I don't hate on nobody.


I give my opinion and that's what it is. That's what I do. I give my motherfucking honest opinion Ain't no hate 'cause I don't know these people to hate on. I don't know 'em personally. I ain't hating on nobody 'cause I don't want nobody to hate on me. No I want everybody to win. I do. I might talk about how you win but I want you to win. Yeah, I want everybody doing better than me. Yeah because if I ever need something I could come to y'all. See I can't get my blessings being no hater. If you think what I'm doing is hating but you, you lost. I'm here to bring light. I'm here to bring entertainment to some shit. I'm just like each of one of y'all, you gonna put a little money on the game or something. Okay. Fam supposed to get 20 points. He playing trash team.


This motherfucker come out here and get 12 points a night drink. I'm gonna talk about it. What's wrong with you? Most get 12 points in They sleep and you four for 40. And then nigga at night I go out here to the club. You in the club with me. Tap you on your tall ass shoulder a fam you need to get your ass in the gym. That's you need to get in the gym cost me my damn money. You gotta way more money than me. I ain't got no money to be losing like that. Fuck. So when I'm putting my money on you, you better win. You better get out there and give that all you got Better be an army person.


Be all, all you can be. That's us people man. You ain't a white thing, ain't a black thing. It's just people man we when you, when you put something on somebody, you expecting something. Come on dog. We all rooting. Why I can't wait till them games on Sunday to come back on man I can't wait to be in front of that TV watching them Dollar Cowboy do what they motherfucking do. We well win or lose. I'm out. I watch. I'm cheering them on to they start losing then I'm like because I be talking so much shit during the week. I know I ain't the only one cowboy. I don't care who your team is. You talking shit to whoever other team is that week. You, you you excited. But when your team play you on the edge.


You at the tv you don't want nobody calling you. You don't want none of that. But when your team lose or you don't want answer that motherfucking phone and don't owe nobody no money either. They blowing your mother fucking phone up. Where at? Where at Cash App? Yeah, I Cash App. And don't call me no mother. That's me. I'm so lose real tall. I I know. I ain't the only one out here like that. I know some of y'all are the same way. You gotta be. You gotta be man. It's it. It's in you. It's in your spirit. Man we competitive. We wanna be great.


We gonna talk. No we team, we rooting for we want to win and it's not reality. Like I told you man, little the Cowboy to death. We ain't Super Bowl. I would love us to. I really do. Yesterday I said would I I would love for the Cowboy. We ain't bowl no time soon. We can't even get damn star receiver to come to practice. We trash Nigga Day coming up going to team USA team. USA trash no Jalen Brown. I got a fucking brown. That's how I feel right now without Jalen Brown being on team. Yours ain Pink. This man ain't got no position on team SA this how you motherfuckers do me Huh?


Su program 24 hours locked down. How you motherfucker playing by all the Pelican Bay. I'm Jalen Brown. That's how I'm maybe Jalen Brown don't give a damn. Got his ring find his MVP got the bag. Maybe he, I ain't tripping man. I got everything I could on. I ain't worried about that man on the outside looking in man it, it don't look right at all. And I'll need somebody to come out and, and and and talk about it and and and be like man this is what's going on. This is why Jaylen Brown not on the team or maybe he declined. We don't know.


But we need some ounces. We need some ounces. Man bro, I'm gonna need you to start shooting that motherfucking ball fam bro. James, I'm gonna need you to take more than three motherfucking shots. I love the three blocks. I love the five rebound. I love the three assists. But I'm gonna need you to take more than three motherfucking shot. Kobe Brown is looking down at you and he ain't please shoot the ball. Shoot it took her. I come out that mother got to take chances. I take him with these hole asking me dumb questions. Where's the condom bitch Do like I condom.


I can't say your prayer. I say mine and it's y'all going down through there. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. Y'all open your eyes. Some of you can't but God damnit use your imagination. Use your imagination sometime man. Start taking girls out on dinner days too. Start taking your girl and take her somewhere. God damnit. Take her as to KFC. See how she act. Take your girl to KFC. See how she act. She get mad. This and that. Leave her ass alone. Leave her ass alone. She, she done. She done got above her motherfucking man. You don't talk take your girl out to KFC and see how she act. If she get mad that ain't the one for you.


You want a motherfucker if you took her ass to a golden girl. Wow. She excited. She gotta be the girl got to be excited wherever you take her man. She got to be excited. She got be a pro. Yeah it's hard to find a ride or some of y'all need be going to just jail two, three months. Your girl and everybody in the sick. Huh? That's what going on. See you women. The cause of a lot of things the men go through. See I went to jail for two months. My girl fucked everybody in the city but everybody that she slept with when I came home I said to to jail, come here nigga once ain't got shit on me. Come here damnit. I'm the real councilman. Lying him told you don't touch her.


Told you I was tin. I told you if I ever, I even hear her boom. You sleep with my girl, I'm gonna tell him on you. I had that motherfucker courtroom. Do you? I'm talking about courtroom watching me take that motherfucking stand. He was like a president riding down in the parade waving. That's how I was walking down into that motherfucking courtroom waving my hand and everybody, everybody shaking their head and disgust. I didn't give a damn. I hear my head ha bubble do Do you solemn this Rob? I do. I sit down in my seat just in my suit and tie. Damn. I had his three piece suit, coat, fist and pants up in there too.


They asked me simple questions and I gave him simple motherfuck answers. The man you looking at right there. I say where Your Honor? He said right there. I said I seen. He said do you know who that man is? I do. He said is that man a drug dealer? The courtroom got quieter than a church house. Man you can hear a rich piss on cotton. I ain't like you can hear a rat piss on cotton. And that mother he said is that man there a and I said your uncle, you damn right he is man you should have heard him. Them people holler got my As. Oh Talking my old God, God wasn't helping him sell that dope.


Don't bring God in this shit. Now you in my ball court now. Come on. Come on. All because I'm tender. Some of y'all tender. See some people different. Some people tender when they girl cheat on it, they wanna go out and kill. I mean I kill different. Oh yeah but I'm kill you with time. I'm gonna make you think about it. I shouldn't have never slept her. So next time you ever see her again, you gonna run from her and it's hard to get away from her. She got that death row when she go down below Lights out. Oh yeah. When she go down below lights out.


I ain't wooing you. She got that death row. She get rolling on that. You don't know what to do for you know you're pulling out your wallet. I take everything I got. I ain't have $37. She took that too. Come here. Goddamn. You know what to do if you watching this show because you can't get this shit nowhere else. You better have your notifications on you better have your mother the notifications on 'cause I'm dropping. I'm back from the storm baby I gonna sit back for a major comeback. A back get them goddamn notifications on because you gonna wanna know when dub dropping, dub dropping number to heat nothing but truth over him. Get sports. We talk about everything over here.


I know the day I talked a little bit more about sports than I normally do 'cause how I'm feeling about Jaylen Brown. That's how I'm feeling about Brony. That's how I'm feeling about Lamar. Or it's all love for all three. Don't get it twisted. Just jokes. But it's all love. All love. My Boy O went from shoot Nigga in the Rim to get I see y'all. When I see y'all, I'm out The Volume.


Hey it's Jake Halper. We have a new limited series in my podcast. Deep cover out now all about George Santos. It's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean Camila Cabal, Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the Ad Council.