
Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th at 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Ratt Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin Hand More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult Literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council,


The Volume. Welcome back to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub. Today is Friday. I know some of y'all ready to get off work right now. Some of you probably done called in done got your check. You probably already done called in. I feel you. I used to do it too. Now we fresh off the to interview. I hope y'all enjoyed it to expressed his feelings. Some of y'all in y'all feelings mad because he felt like Tom Brady ignored him. Well that's how to felt. Now I get what y'all saying. Antonio Brown was a headache.


Brady didn't wanna bring him a migraine. I don't understand. I get it. But at the end of the day, Terrell Terrell Owens is a hall of famer. Y'all And we we we can't lose sight of that now I know what y'all saying man. That man 50 something years old, he couldn't have went in there and hit the books. I get it. But I have never seen an athlete at this age. 50 something years old, still in great shape. Still running the 4 4 40. I ain't never seen nobody like Tio honestly. Now he was saying he could go in on third down in the red zone and play. He wasn't saying he was playing first and second downs and all this and that. He say third down third and one third and twos or the red zone.


I could see him doing that. Now what is the NFL gonna do that? Hell no See, it's something that went on like me and Tio talked about on the show. People don't like Tio rather because he's, you know, they might think he's a loud mouth. They might think he's arrogant or they, you know, they might just think he ain't a good teammate. But the Barker ball, simple as that. Over over a thousand receiver. Over 153 touchdowns. Top three. If that's what you want top three ever receiver to, that's him. Now do he have a bad reputation in the N nfl?


Yes. That's why his ass didn't get in the hall of Fame the first batter. He has a a bad reputation and, and it, like he said, it's false allegations but perception is everything. You know how the people do it when they wanna paint you looking bad. They had him walking up and down the sideline talking shit. Talking about I want the ball. They want a paint. You as a diva. Now did he do some things to corroborate that? Yes he did. T what's out there running this motherfucker mouth and he know it. That don't mean he not a good teammate though. But when the people wanna paint a picture on you, they will paint a picture on you. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the interview, make sure you go just scroll down the videos and go and check out what me and Tio talked about also.


Now let me go ahead and talk about what y'all really wanna talk about today bro. James, where you at now don't talking all this shit about bro, this and that. Where you at now? Caitlyn Brown. You was at the game with them fine as female. Angel Reese and the other one. Oh yeah I do mean fine. You were pillow talking on that sideline. I don't think he's a pro brother. Heard everything you said came out next game ball put up 13 last night. Got two response look comfortable. Yeah, smiling. Come on. I told yeah how you start is how you eat.


When I with I wasn't starting out good, I I was finishing the race early. I'm not no more. Mm I'm lasting. Hey honey pack got me in the game like EA sports, listen to game. That's what I'm doing right now. But back to Brian. Look good to me. What y'all got to say now let's talk about it. What you sobs got to say now about Brian and James? Oh you thought he was gonna pay bad forever. Oh you thought he was gonna shoot the ball bad forever or you thought he was gonna look like he wasn't a pro forever? That's what you thought. Well you got another thing coming. I told you a young man stay in the gym if you wanna get better you stay in the gym.


If you a rapper you gotta stay in the studio and Right. Stay in the gym not listening to all this and that 'cause this and that. It can get to you at times we hear me it can get to you. It can bother you And. we can tell right now. It's not bother. The kid came out look good. I understand what y'all saying W April 13th point. Yeah you right. But it bother them what they been putting up. I bet you had shot 50% from the field last night. That'll work. Had a block or two That'll work. Couple had a steal. That'll work. Couple rebound. That'll work. But most of all it looked like he was back having fun again. It like he just been having so much pressure on the world because he's bruny James, his daddy is LeBron James having all that pressure on you and a lot of people want this man to fail but he came out last night said, you know what, I'm gonna get to my spot.


I'm gonna get to wherever I'm comfortable, I'm gonna get to, I'm not gonna let the defender stop me from getting where I want to get to. And that's my biggest thing with some of these players today. That's in the NBA. You got you, you, you skill you one of the greatest skill players in the world. I'm talking about all NBA players. You ain't in the NBA if you ain't good, I'm just being real. You could be in the NBA and and you know and and be and be TRASHH of course. But what I'm saying is players like that, that got skills that can shoot, that can dribble. That's fast off the dribble. You have to be able to get to your mother spot. You can't let nobody stop you from getting to your spot.


That's what I like to buy Richard Hamilton for the Detroit Pistols. I don't know if y'all remember Old Rip came outta Connecticut number 32 for the pistols. He would come off through screens when they come off them screens either you step up or if you know what I'm saying? If you try to deny, if you try to go under either or when he got the ball, either he gonna shoot pump, fake dribble, get to his spot Once a player like that, he's a rhythm player. I think Brody's going to be a rhythm player once Broy to his stops. I mean you know spots not spot stop spots when he get to the spots they didn't want, he's gonna be able. Okay he got great elevation on his jumper. It looked fluid last night to me. And I'm sitting back laughing looking at all the comments now everybody making up excuse all man every give one game man just shut up.


Just say you were wrong about the kid. Man y'all say he couldn't do none of that but he did and he did. Now day get the come say let's talk about it today. I don't wanna hear that fucking hating me. I don't wanna hear none of that. Just say the young man play well and we'll see can he continue to do that? That's all we can do. Can he continue to do it? I think he can. Me personally, I think the boy can now. I don't know. He done showed me enough that he's going to be a defensive player. He hasn't showed me enough that he's gonna be an offensive player. I don't think him being drafted or nonetheless ever thought he was gonna be an offensive player. So when he wasn't shooting the ball well when he wasn't doing scoring I don't understand the outcry y'all was having about it.


Man. I told y'all man the ball gonna be straight G league for, I don't think he gonna be in G League for, do I think he's gonna play in the GB this year? Absolutely. He's gonna go around there and work on his motherfucking game and work on his game and work on his game till they feel like he's up the park to step, step onto they real, into the real, to the real, the real season because right now, nah I get it. He's not there. I'm not gonna be biased and I never will be 'cause I'm gonna call a spade or spade. That's just me. But I truly believe that the young man can be A NBA pro. Is there anybody else out there that was drafted before him is better. Absolutely and I pray to God they get they motherfucking chance. I pray to God they get it, they get they chance.


But we all know as TO stated, it's not fair. We know it ain't man. You know it's gonna be some players that get into the NBA that ain't ain't dig me me. But they gonna get there because who they know. You know what I'm saying? And that's okay and bro is one of them players. He in the NBA because of his father as y'all say. But I think he's a typical prototype. NBA player 6 2 6 3, great size on him. Got a great handle. He has intensity. He's aggressive on the defensive end. He can definitely jump out the gym. I think he's gonna be a great pro.


But you know, I know y'all gonna get in the comments saying, Hey Doug, come on man you tripping man. You must be on Clutch payroll. I ain't gonna nobody motherfucking payroll. I wish but I ain't, I'm on my own payroll buddy and you know I don't care if it was my nephew. At the end of the day if somebody can ball, they can ball. If they can't ball then they just can't fucking ball. Like we, we we, we, we gotta get outta there to judging people too early. We don't be wanting to give people a chance but switching over to our life when we go out and try to get a job, you know what I'm saying? We want the job of the company to take a chance on us. Right. So why not give this young man a chance or the next young man a chance.


That's all I'm saying. Stop being so you know hatred mean no. Like some of us is mean man. You know some of y'all, yo y'all y'all mean, but y'all be like, y'all still kind of optimistic about the situation but right now go man, y'all, y'all y'all just, y'all just going in on that young man Team USA y'all better, y'all better bring home that motherfucking goal. I know that y'all better bring home that mother. Go. I know y'all go and get it because these other league, these other countries, they catching up to us. Man. We supposed to be America man. We supposed to be the greatest thing on Earth.


It don't seem to be that way no more. Man. Like I told my partner, a lot of these countries they are catching up to, especially basketball man. You know overseas ball, European ball is one of the biggest basketball sports in the world. And they, they, they just checking up to us right now. But I like the way Brom been playing self ball out. Bam. You know what I'm saying? Making some good passes an man, I, I think we're gonna be all right. What y'all think what y'all, how y'all feeling about team USA right now? I think we gonna bring home the goal. I I can honestly see us bring home the goal. I don't think nobody can beat us. Like I said, we're the greatest in the world man. You got Klee step LeBron you shouldn't lose, you shouldn't lose a mother.


Good thing. I feel like honestly we should be winning by 20 some points. Every mother goodnight. We ought to be winning by 20 something Ain't know it's we should be winning by 20 something each and every mother. Goodnight. Turning on nothing. Y'all winning by 10 left. Bullshit. The black mamba rolling over in this mother grave, she black Mamba was the league of the last Olympics. Now LeBron is the league of this Oly and you can see it bro is the league. Yes she's the oldest on the team but LeBron is the league of team USA. They was talking about MVP who I think gonna win.


I think either is gonna be cur or probably Taylor. I think Kerry or Taylor probably gonna win MVP the Olympics this year if you're just not watching this show. Thank y'all for tuning in. You know we, we rocking and rolling over here. This is what we do. If, if you at work and you can't, you know what I'm saying, watch the show like you would once like, like you be trying to do, you can always just go to Apple podcast or go to Spotify, type in The Bubba, Dub Show. You can listen to me there. Leave a review that'll get me going in the algorithm in that world as well.


You know, just, just what we do man. We have fun man. We talking sport. We been talking about Brody. He was playing terribly. He was playing terrible I ain't gonna lie but last night he looked good to me. I know he probably slept like a motherfucking baby. Probably smoked on some of that dish. Ain't TRASHH that got sent him. Oh yeah I sent him song. Nevertheless he probably had a good night rest man. He probably up right now ready to ball again and sometimes you know in life man, everything ain't gonna go your way in life man. That's facts man. Everything ain't gonna go your mother way. Things didn't go my way today. I was trying to make a fight somewhere but Microsoft had an outage. What the hell going on Bill Gates, I dunno where you at Mena, Washington.


I dunno where you're at but you need to get this shit fixed. I got faith in Microsoft. I ain't got faith in nothing but I got faith in Bill Gates. I don't know if y'all kind of seen Covid over here again. I don't know. Keep that shit voice at.


Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy Hood winked everyone. He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com Don't miss asap. Rocky Don, big Sean Camila Cabell, Don Cat Dua Lipa Guen, Stephan Halsey er Sheath, urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Cold Plays Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owed to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Man I don't know if y'all where y'all was at the time of 2020 when Covid hit but man that shit was, that shit was man, COVID was bad man. I lost people to Covid. I'm blocked in the crib with my girl. I'm hitting her every motherfucking day. She tired. I'm tired but every time a commercial come on, I remember them days I couldn't get to Hole none of that. Woo boy. There was a time then if you could, you didn't really wanna go over there because you and your people ain't got Covid but you don't know if they got covid so you taking chances and you know I take chances every day because I don't wear ruffles so me worrying about trying to catch Covid, I didn't give a damn.


I'm coming over there Uhuh Uhuh, you gotta go get this shit. I'm already tested. God woke me up this morning. That's all the motherfucker test me COMHERE COMHERE on. Don't want me to come over there but you still want me paying. Fuck as water bill. Shit you going to give up something. Well come on see on the way then you gotta tell your girl baby I'm finna go out here and then where you going? They say man shut up about to die in this motherfucker now I need some air. Where you going? I know I'll be gone a couple hours though. I'll be back. Shit going to handle my motherfuck business.


Even though the stoves wasn't open. I still had my supply of them honey pack. I was good. We go on my side chicken leaned on for about 40 minutes. See they couldn't go nowhere And I already made sure my step kids had had games on their P fs. I so they couldn't come out they room 'cause I had they mama. I had they mama. Ty COMHERE. Ooh I miss you. I miss you too baby. I'm right. Put your fingers in my back. Hold me. I'm the man girl called me. Where you at? Car broke down. See where? Yeah I don't know shit. I'm calling triple A. Somebody come and get me.


Don't worry about it. I'll be home when I get up. I'm lying like oh mother because you I'm taking them side ho. They add years on your life. If you watching this show right now, you know ain't lying. You got a side hole. They add years on your life. See a man could be all mad. Him and his girl into it, this and that. But him and his side ho they have and she call it's going baby, it's everything gonna be all right. See side ho they know how to comfort you. They gonna be hating on what's going on at home. So you don't need the one that's gonna be hating on what's going on at home. You need the one to compliment. It's okay. Take that girl out to eat the only, take that girl shot that's just side hole you knee. That's to keep. So when you, me and your main girl at home tripping whoop the and your side hole being nah baby, it's gonna be all right.


You know I would never treat you like that. That's when you make her cash out. Go off babe. I'm finna send you something. What you sending to me? Just look at it and when I, when I send it she ain't getting no more than 33. Come on. I was just thinking to you, you and your son and go to Chick-fil-A and get y'all something to eat right now with this $33. Shit. Gotta take care of your own. Take care of people who take care of you. That's all I'm saying Joe Biden crazy. Don't know what's going on right now. I think they shooting them Miss Biden up. Mine ain't right right now I'm hearing he talking about he don't even run for president. No damn. No come on Biden, we need you in this race.


Ain't nobody but you in Trump. Y'all the best candidates. Candidates. Who else gonna run I us Me gonna be in trouble Cam win. I ain't tripping If a woman win though, I ain't gonna be mad at that. You, I think, I think America is, it might be time for a woman to be president. I just don't know about her. That's all I'm saying. 'cause when a woman get mad getting emotional, a lot of bullshit can go on try, support might go up. I don't need that. So I'm just saying we we, we, you know, I don't know I just need Biden to stay in the race. I need him and I need him and Trump to battle it out. Whoever win, whoever win. But I need them two to battle it out.


But I'm pretty sure Biden sitting back and seeing Trump get shot out like shot at like man I don't know if I still gonna do this shit or not. Like they really trying to kill us. I might just go ahead and take my, you know what I'm saying, resign take my car, got the race and this bullshit because hell no I ain't, I ain't signing up for this and I and I and truthfully at by age I respect it. Like I don't really know how long I'm gonna be on Earth anyway and I really not Finn be out here giving no speeches, giving the all I got and you motherfuckers trying to shoot me shit I wouldn't even do no mother motherfucking press come. If I did I'd be in the room like I am right here talking all that coming out and speaking and trying to shake hands and kiss baby never.


I do everything virtual until you motherfucking Americas know how to behave. I'm not coming knocked up. You supposed to have secret servant. You supposed to have the greatest protection on earth. Only person that supposed to touch you is God not no damn mo. They penetrating every security point there is these days. I, I don't understand man. If I'm the president of mine take, ain't nobody, I ain't supposed to catch Covid if I'm the motherfucking president, I ain't even supposed to catch Covid. Not alone. Somebody laying on roof shooting at me. Are you lost motherfucking man, I'm the, I'm the head you country and you motherfuckers won Take me out.


How would that make you feel man? Nah, I, I feel Biden man man can't even man was shaking putting on these damn pins the other night. Man. Man man the man, the man was shaking eating his damn pudding man. The man is scared. Y'all gonna scared Joe Biden man. Meanwhile he calling his son Hunter. Hunter ain't answering the phone Hunter. Someone riding around with naked chicks on Powder Godda what the world we coming to America. We got to do better. We got some do better. It's too much bullshit going on in the world these days man. We gotta do brother. I know some of y'all don't care man.


And like I said you know it ain't my fight and I say that just being funny and being comical but man we all in this shit together. Like we all in this shit together man. What about the homeless people out here? All this money we making man why can't we shelter these homeless people man have some kind of fund FUND some kind of fund for the homeless people. Man that out here man. People doing bad out here man. People need help. I feel like much money we got in the America, much money that we give away or burn. We need to be helping these people. I know we wanna always go overseas everywhere and help them. Little hungry motherfucker with the fly flying gnats all in that motherfucker fa and all that.


Pray for them. Fuck them. What about us? We need help right here in front. We'll later what we do we help but then we got people right. I got a one leg right help calling me every motherfucking day. Talking about he gonna put his FETs in my head. Motherfucker you ain't got but one. I take care when you ain't got nothing black people we gotta start doing better too. We diabetics we don't want eat right we don't take our insulin, we take our motherfucking medicine, they chopping out legs and arms. Come on now Dam make it me.


How many people that you gotta see get they leg cut out for you to take your motherfucking medicine. That's what I want know if I'm diabetic, I'm not missing a mother day or nothing. I ain't eating no cake either. Out legs. Stop doing it. Take your medicine black people if you got me take it. I'm serious. See what y'all want by white people. White people on they goddamn damn meds. You can say they on opiates. I don't give a damn what you say? If a white person's sick and the doctor prescribing medication they gonna either take it or they going fucking abuse it. That's all I'm saying. We need to be the same way.


I ain't saying get hooked on that shit but we're gonna believe in drugs but if your doctor prescribed you some medication, take the mothering medication. Don't say well I'm gonna skip this because it make me feel this way and then I No go to your doctor and talk to 'em and tell them how it make you feel. Don't be skipping it when you really need it man. Save your life man. Honestly black people start going to the doctor, start getting checkups, you know what I'm saying? Motherfucking partner calling me man. My eyebrow hurt Don doctor. Nah man you know I'm good. It'll stop hurting. See that could be something you don't even know. We always throwing shit off, you know what I'm saying?


Thinking it ain't nothing. When nigga stop doing that, start taking your ass to the doctor. Start getting checkup because you never know man. You never know what that eyeball hurting me. You never know So it's time we do bugger man it's time. I ain't just saying us blacks. I'm saying us as people man you know we have aliens, aches and shit. Wow man you just old age. Nah motherfucker you need to go get that shit checked out. Some of y'all probably ain't been to the doctor since oh nine. Running around here talking, thinking you this and that motherfucker. You, you motherfucker. You hear you on time know ain't know it. You on Grace and Mercy don't even know it. Time to get right.


It's time to get right. Some of you women are watching this show too. Some of y'all ain't right either. Some of you motherfuckers ain't right. Hollering men ain't shit but going out here getting a stud make it make sense. They trying to be us, they wanna be us but you don't like us. I don't understand that. I don't understand that one bit. My little cousin come over here with her little stud hustler start chunky stud looking as time to bow up to me time I she'll put hands on me. You might. You mother fucking might you better not. Lemme get that first lick your ass out. I know what you saying you better not I what you look like me.


You bigger stronger than me. Shit, I don't judge. I didn't know what she was. He, I dunno. It dark. I seen a shadow shit I just started swinging. Can't blame me for that. That's all What I'm saying, you can't blame me for that shit man. That's all I'm saying. MLB had the all Star game the other day man. Who here be watching baseball man? Y'all talk to your boy do man. Who be watching baseball man. I told y'all man. My boy showy attorney is one of the best players in the game right now. Man. Shout out to Magic Johnson and his team. He on the LA Dodgers right now man. He not the only one as well but I'm talking about to be able to throw the ball and be able to hit the ball like that is true talent.


You know people don't talk about MLB like they used to man. Like you know when the Barry Buns and the Mark McGuire and the Sammy so you know when no motherfucker was cheating that's when it was good. When them boys don't still raw. That's when it was good. I feel like baseball should, should, should, should take it back to man. It ain't gonna hurt nothing if a pitcher juiced up is a a higger juiced up. I think it's good for the game. I like no Higgs and, and pitchers and strikeouts. I wanna see all that shit. That shit fun man. You know for nine ins. Can't nobody hit this mother. I, that's what I wanna see. It's excitement for me. You know it's all about entertainment for me. I wanna see somebody here 500 yard, 500 full of home run.


I wanna see that. I do. What about y'all all that man? Oh man, y'all man they was taking stuff out all that shit man. Let them people take what they want to take man. Shit, let's get, let's get back to entertaining these people. We spending our hard earned money to go to the game. We gonna want be seeing these long drag out boring in that game. We wanna see some motherfucking home runs man. Real talk. I wanna be drinking bills and eating nachos and and popcorn and, and I what I'm saying that's what I wanna see. I wanna see the women eating the glazes and shit. You know, that's what I wanna see. I don't know what y'all wanna see but I wanna leave a baseball game.


Pissy drunk that. You know what man? I'll tell y'all what I'm finna do man. I'm finna invite a fan out. I'm gonna invite a fan out to me to go to the Houston Astro game. If you wanna go to the baseball game, give him the comment section. Let me know. I'm gonna invite you out to your Houston Astro game man. We gonna have fun man. We going, we we gonna, we gonna, we going, we gonna watch baseball, we gonna buy Sunflower seed, we gonna have our jerseys on. We gonna be cheering, screaming. I mean you ain't gotta like the astro but if you want to go you like, like I'm giving everybody a chance man you could be a winner on The Bubba Dub Show. Like I say, I'm feeling start inviting y'all out to the games with me. We're gonna have fun. I'm gonna have it, you know I'm gonna have it filmed and then, you know, we'll come back, back on here and talk about, you know, your experience on this show, you know, at at the game with me and having fun because that's what it's about, man.


I'm having fun in life. I want y'all to have fun with me. You know, we growing together, that's what we doing. And, we gonna do a football season as well and definitely during the football season. So if I got some Saints fans out there that's watching this show right now, you could have a chance on going to the Dallas Cowboy game with your boy and you can have your son's jersey on. I'm gonna have my cowboy shit on, you know what I'm saying? Big Texas over him. You see it Big Texas shit going on. You see it, it's coming. That's, I know it be August, right around September. The the grass chain you can start smelling them the grass. September, that's when you know it's football season and all that shit.


Y'all talking all last year. It don't matter. It's a new year. It's a new year. Get in the coming section right now. Make sure you sharing these shows because that's how you gonna be able to win by sharing this show. How, how you gonna know if we sharing it? Duh, I can tell by the numbers. I can look at the lights, I can look at the views or you can email me. Yeah you can email me@bubbadubt.at gmail.com. You can screenshot me the things that you are doing I'm sure. And that's how you have a chance of being able to come out to a baseball game or a football game or a basketball game with me. Maybe even hockey.


Whatever it is man. You know I'm di I'm dictating this towards y'all fan and giving y'all experiences on what's going on with me.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you Can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream. Live only on Hulu, a weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap Rocky i Don Big Sean Camila cabal, Don Cat Dua Lipa when Stephan Halsey Poser Sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet. A special performance by Coldplay Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Another surprise for y'all. We playing on doing this July 31st. We're gonna be in Dallas, Texas, me and Michael Irving live, we're gonna do this show live. But Michael Irving in Dallas, Texas. July 31st. Be on the lookout for the tickets if you want to come. I know a lot of my people in Dallas. I know y'all excited about this. July 31st gonna be in Dallas, Texas. Me at Playmakers Michael Evan got its own restaurant called Playmakers eight eight. They're getting ready to drop the flyer, getting ready to put the tickets out. We're doing this The, Bubba, Dub, Show Live and Dallas, Texas. July the 31st. Me and Michael Irving. He might have Emmett Pop up.


I don't know yet. You know what I'm saying? You just never know. We full of surprises over here and just come out and have a good time, good vibe with us man. It's gonna be live so this time you really get to see a show live whether you at home or if you in the area you wanna pull up with your girl or whoever it is and come have fun with me and Michael Irving. July 31st is going down also. I'm going to be in the Bay Area Pleasant in California July 26th through 27th. Please go out and get them tickets right now. Come see you boy. I know y'all go out here and see Dave Chappelle, Kat Williams and Kevin Hart. Well come see me. I'm just as good. There ain't no cap. I'm just as good and it ain't no cap in my rap when I say that.


Man. All you gotta do is pull up to one of these shows. You gonna see the truth. You gonna see the truth And, we gonna talk about everything you want to talk about because that's what I do. I don't hold nothing back on on when I hit that stage. I don't hold nothing back man. Yeah I'm, I'm coming with it. Energy jokes, storytelling. I got it. All I need to do is have your asses down. We gonna have a bone. I guarantee you that. You can believe that. Still got the hell no shit coming up. Still got the TRASHH shit coming up. Hell we doing everything on this motherfucker show. I'm thinking about getting me a mother, j Bernie, James jersey. See and going there too.


Damn right. You know man, I don't mind supporting if any of y'all fathers out here watching the show got kids in sports in high school getting the coming sense and let me know man. I would love if I could, you know get the time in my schedule to go to the game with one of y'all. Go to y'all kids game with y'all and cheer 'em on. That's what I wanna do man. I wanna get more involved with everybody man. What y'all think about that? Do pull up to the high school game with the kids shooting the shit, having fun. Might even have, might even do a motivational speech with 'em. Yeah if you got a son somebody right now or a dog out there right now that's not behaving like they need to behave and you would love for me to talk to 'em man hit me up. DM me. That's what I'm here for man.


I'm here to help you just like y'all helping me by watching my show I can help y'all too. Real talk now if you're span, I speak no English. Am I speak no Spanish Espan. I don't know what but if you can get me a translator in that motherfucker, I tell Lil Heta what's going on. Real talk. If my Mexican people out there right now that don't speak English and you got your son or your daughter acting up and you need somebody talk to 'em. Holler at me, get me a translator. Me whooping meet me, me hit me up. I talked to him. I talked to Isabel and COMHERE none. How come all you ass gonna be eating is hot dog until you act right.


I don't mind doing that. I get in, I get out there and I do that for y'all. Make we a team. We family and family do what they gotta do for one another. That's what we gonna do. Now we now we Finn to go to the hill. Let's get to He knows Man somebody hit me a bubble. Did you ever get that PPP loan? Hell no. No I wanted it. You knew what I was gonna do when I got that 1 million shit I was gonna show my ass that 1 million. I already had it planned.


Now getting the crib getting six cars, old school cars too. I ain't bullshit. I was gonna get 'em painted. I was gonna put the rims out on my car but my mobiles wasn't gonna be worth a damn. I ain't bullshit. There's a lot of y'all right now. Got Nas car, NA Rim, na paint speakers TV screen inside done. But your mo ain't worth 300. Tell me a mine nice ass car Mo ain't worth a damn. You can't even take them damn car. Car cross scale. We got to do better Real talk. Somebody hit me a do do you drink coffee? Hell no. I don't need no more coffee. I'm already on hundred Pack. I'm already on the go. Coffee ain't gonna do nothing but make me shit. I don't want it. I need no damn coffee.


I don't need none of that. I I need is Honey Pack and Red Bull. You because you know you ever see me drinking Red Bull, somebody asks in trouble. Somebody ask in trouble. Somebody hit me up too. Mama do would you ever go on a blind date? Hell no. I gotta better see, I gotta better see she A or not shit no damn blind date. I got better. See she going, she a goat. Ain't nothing like a Don go shit. I could be all at church and get a text message. You want some head I'm out. Shit I do convenience. COMHERE COMHERE. I probably saying W you crazy head shit. I ain't bullshit. Some of y'all at work right now.


Watch it in and let your baby mama or somebody you talking to Say you go on break. I'm gonna give you some head or if you know when you get home I'm gonna give you some head shit. Some of y'all gonna try to leave work early. You know ain't lying. Y'all gonna blow that mother road up getting to the high when you get there. You gonna make sure she standing on baby. I only do what you say you were gonna do. I only do what you say you were going to do. Shit. Here I am boy you crazy. Shit. No I ain't told me that shit. I left work earlier too. Shit is fried done got paid too. You better get over and on this. You better get over in your business down. Bend your knees COMHERE COMHERE.


Hey man we having fun today man. It's Friday man. We getting shooting and shit man. Y'all getting the coming section right now and chop it up with your man. Let me know what y'all got playing for the weekend man. Let me know what y'all are y'all ready for this Bull Crawford fight Man that under court gonna be crazy man. They got everybody on that motherfucker under court August 3rd day in California. Budfin get ready to fight Manda around Manda Rim some whatever his name or some shit like that. I see what Bud do. And if you know if Bud do what he's supposed to do, will we see Bud in Boots? That's the thing everybody keep talking about. Will we see Bud in Boots? I don't know. I hope so.


They say Loma Chico finna get ready to fight Tank in November. That gonna be a good fight. I know a lot of y'all on here talking about oh Loma Chico. Oh I wanna hear that shit. Why he getting in the ring? He ain't fought with 21 fights. Think he 18 three and he can box. So if Tank don't knock him out they definitely go in the distance. I think this is a good fight for Tank but I don't really see nobody being tank right now either. Just certain people who got it man. You know certain people who got it. It is just like it's certain females who got it man you know you can have plenty but you get that one shit that, you know what I'm saying? That's the one who got your heart.


That's the one you wanna marry. That's the one you wanna be with all the time man. And you show me y'all watching the show. You know what I'm talking about about that woman when you got that one? Yeah when you, when you, when you when you got that one, when you done ran her down you gonna dig everything. You got her. Yeah man ain't one no more fam. So let's see how that fight play out too. Supposed to be in November. Say they already done sign the contracts but you know we just waiting on them to come out and announce it. But other than that man ain't ain't too much I shit going on out here that I could really just think of. I know y'all was, people was upset that Sexy Red canceled her tour but I think she was just joking on that.


She said she was just playing her tour still on Chief Keith. I think he canceled his tour through the Health reason. Stay off that dope nigga. That's what's wrong with y'all man. Y'all want to get this money but y'all wanna get on these motherfucking drugs man. Get off that dope. Get your mind right, drink you some water. Start eating healthy and take care of them kids. Fa we need you here for the long haul man. Y'all stay off the motherfucking drugs man. I ain't talking about weed either man. Y'all, I know what y'all be on man. Real talk man. Y'all be, y'all be doing two little motherfucking month for me man. I don't understand it man. Oh shit. Summertime and you in your nose dripping motherfucker. What going on with you? Oh man, this my son and my dog ain't no motherfuck son. You on that girl.


Hey whoever floats your boat, do what you do. Look, gotta be careful these days man. Lot of people out here still talking about P Dig it man. Hey Lee Digg it along God damnit. Dig, dig it, dig it. Don get his day but God damn we can't sit up here and talk about dig every mother motherfucking day now. Now he going through some shit man. He done apologize now. Damn he out here water rafting with these white people. They gonna drown him. Pete did you keep taking your ass out there with them white people? Water rafting. Your ass gonna drown them white people. Goddamn damn. Spontaneous and adventurous and shit. Chop out there in that water Raf that damn water going a hundred miles an hour and gig. You after trying to do this, you gonna be fighting for your life like you had Cas keep bullshitting.


Ain't gonna be no more goddamn bad boy Gonna be dead boy bullshitting. That's when you know a nigga getting too much money after a robbery. I you keep up. Y'all ain't in court. You gonna see him in that casket. Ain't no damn money. You can't pay me enough money to go out there and walk a rafter shit out there in them damn mountains. It damn it Damn barrels up there too. Hell wild up there. Turn your ass up. Oh you got is a powder. What they goddamn powder gonna do with that Bigly goddamn pound. Gly got Cubs they call them Siren. They call the woman the women's si Whatcha gonna do with that Holler scream.


Huh? Stop get away. That what white people say. Shit, niggas running. We ain't got time to be talking to no gly. Y'all white people screaming alone. Just stop. Then you white boy try to go in there and be courageous. Shit Bow knock your whole damn shoulder off your As. Shit. Wish your sister would tell me to go in there. Did you get in there? Shit, I too, you ain't gonna be only one here to tell the story. We both gonna get here or oh just gonna be me, shit. Yeah man Diddy, they ass out. That water fan. Too much shit going on out here man. Telling you right now, shit, you got to understand that TRASHH Sugar Day, I can't give it to nobody but Microsoft TRASHH outage every damn where It count a million mother fucking fights.


I had something to do. I was trying to go pick up my Frenchy bull dog. Somebody was trying to Give me. Oh your do get him a Frenchie a real one too. A COMHERE 25 Frenchy. I'm get him in my hand. I'm I'm be a dog breeder now. Damn. Right. And when my dog get ready to have a puppy, I'm gonna bring him in the house. COMHERE, I'm delivering shit Dr. Fields shit Dr. Do COMHERE, I'm gonna be the front row with my little mask on and I you cut the umbilical cord. That's gonna be me in my living room cutting my dog in umbilical cord. Shit hell wrong with y'all. I'm a dog lover.


Big facts, big bag. Matter of fact, shout out to all my dog breeders out there in the world. Whatever dog you got. Shout out to you man. Whether you a bully, pit bull, a chop breeder, a doman, Pinker, rock, Waller, German Shepherds, king, Corso, brick, whatever dog you got, man. Bri you are man. Keep that shit going fam. Keep pushing that shit to the limit man. Get that money man. Most of all take care of them dogs man. School, school, school. About to come back up man. Like I'm, I'm gonna keep preaching this school about to come back up ladies, if you going go on ahead and sell that motherfucking cat. Don on ahead and sell it now.


Now stop waiting. Don't wait till the last week hollering. I need this that bitch, the money gone. So you got, you got this week and next week sell that old cat. Whatever you wanna do with it. However you wanna play with the little funky motherfucker, don't ahead and make it available now. Yeah, don't put it in the shopping cart now so I can purchase. You know what I'm saying? Because after, after, after we got there, I ain't gonna, y'all, I ain't bullshitting. Now if you want your kid to have a nine school, you want your kid to have 15, 20 sets of clothes. Three or four per shoe. They Give me now. Now if you don't Yes real talk


And. if you watching this show then you best believe this show being presented by pic. Real talk first time users. Let tell you something, when you go and download pic, use my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs. TRASHH. There you go. Now if your first time user you pull a hundred dollars in, they gonna give your ass 102. Now you got 200. Now you can't lose because if the only way you lose if you don't play and over there it's more or less. Come on Doug. What you mean it's more or less man. I'm just like I said man if you playing ba, if I say if you want, you want pick Baseball day and they got my boy Chewy a tiny on there and they got him slated to have one and a half home runs, you either put more or less, they might have my but Aaron judge on there to have one home run. You either put more or less real talk. Do you hear me? That's all you have. Then you can switch over to the WNBA. They may have Katelyn Clark, they have nine assists more or less. That's all. Ain't nothing else to think about. More or less real dollar. You could spend $10, you could spend $15, you spend $20 but you could win 1500 to $2,000 off of that. Man I could put $10 in and make 1500. Absolutely you can. You can't do it nowhere else but on pics. So get the downloading right now and don't forget my promo code TRASHH, let's go.


Hey man, I hope y'all enjoyed this show today much as I did man it's Friday. I'm off this weekend man. I'm feeling chill with the FA man. With the kids man. We gonna go have some fun man. I don't know where we gonna go but we gonna go somewhere and have some fun. Hopefully you doing the same with your kids if you ain't got kids. I know. Probably y'all probably on the NCA 25 stop. Matter of fact, ever since NCAA 25 come out, everybody been playing with Colorado y'all. I thought y'all didn't like Coach Bryan. Not everybody wanna play Colorado. When 20 Stop playing with Coach Brown. Let me play Will. Soon as I jump on line. I got Colorado motherfucker, I don't even wanna play no more.


I don't even wanna play no more. Let nobody else play with Colorado. But y little Coach Prime but Coach Prime ain't the only motherfucking college team out there. Auburn out there, Florida State out there. Huh? JS U on now. Pick somebody other in Colorado there, Nebraska on there. Ohio State on now. I see you bro. Michigan on now. Even know Harbo ain't done no more but pick somebody other in Colorado. Y'all getting on my motherfucking nerve with this. Jumped on NCAA 25. I played game five times.


All five times I played online. Somebody picked Colorado, I'm done. Y'all wasn't even rocking with she doing like that y'all, y'all. Y'all wasn't even feeling the mother getting rolling now y'all feeling the I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. Pick somebody else man. I hope y'all enjoyed today's show man. You know I had to jump over here and chop it up with y'all man. And you know what I'm saying. Y'all chop it up. See how y'all really feeling right now about Brony. I want check the temperature know because y'all was y'all. Y'all was barking real alive but your bite wasn't shit bro. Came out and bawled out on y'all asses. Goddamn damn bro say shit. Stop all that motherfucking talking.


Y'all might be talking again but you ain't talking right now though. That's all you ain't talking right now. Damn bro. Say damn my dad it's me. I'm the book with the sugar. I'm smiling and going on. Yeah young stu. You see Brody chest motherfucker working now. That's LA Fitness. That motherfucker was in the gym up there in Cali and he blowing big shit. You don't think burning smoking you a motherfucker? Nah, I'm going up there and smoke with him. Rich Paul. We at fam. We all can smoke mart. We all can smoke.


Put y'all on that dish Ain't TRASHH. Damn right. You wanna be a winner. You better go out and get you one of these right here because we kicking ass this year and take it now. I'm saying it right now. If you wanna be a motherfucking winner, go out and get you a cowboy jerk. Go out and make the Cowboys your team. We winging this shit because the odds is against us. Its turmoil going on in doubt. They saying we ain't bringing D back. That's what they saying. But this to your dak gonna get the job done. Me and Michael Irv had a long talk this to your dak. Gonna get this shit done. Real talk man. Thank y'all for tuning in. Let's keep this shit going.


Yeah, I had to give y'all something for the weekend to, to, to go with. I know a lot of y'all were complaining though. We just like it bigger when you by yourself. I'm just trying to be different. I gave you two hours. Remember when y'all was saying the show wasn't long enough Then you still complaining motherfucker, what do you My real fans just tuning in in each and every day. I see them comments. I appreciate that love, man. I do. And like I say, I'm gonna give it right back to you because I'm gonna start bringing y'all out on the show with me. Yeah, yeah. I'm really like that. We gonna rock like that, man. We'll talk. I'll see y'all again when I see y'all. Let's go The Volume.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas, September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream. Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the Adult Literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.