
It is Ryan here, And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Sometimes as dads, I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers, but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away. You gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else, but never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth. Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov. Brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Ad Council.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie. Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.


The Volume, God damn it. Come on, come on in. Welcome to the bubble dub. So we hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. When you subscribe, make sure you keep your notification turned on doing something a little different here now. K. Fucking new people come in.


Yeah, go ahead. Let You know right Now you show being presented by pics, right on the right hand. Do yeah. Right. Come here, right there. Download my promo code. Yeah, put it in trash. Two hs. Tell you what, when you do that, when you download pics and use my promo code trash, put the two Hs you. You put $10 in, they gonna give you 50. But I'm gonna give you $50 personally for me. Do that for you boy. Because you already know how I'm feeling tonight. I'm feeling real motherfucking good.


Yeah, it was a, it was a miracle tonight. Thought that white boy MJ tonight I came, I got the gate ni I'm a Ben Ni you gonna trade me like I was a caprice. Came out from the gate on fire. First quarter, let catches shooting. Come here, I'm going into the hole. Getting fired. Come on. It was a emotional night for Miracle with Luca finally back in Dallas where he got traded. Drafted in 2018. Took him to the final last year, lost to the Boston Celtics Blockbuster tra about a month and a half ago.


Shook the world, shook up the hole motherfucking girl. I was down And I was down and out. I didn't know where my Lakers were going, but God said don't worry, we got Nico over y'all and he sunk us. Luca and Luca been the best thing happened to the Lakers and by three or four years since we won that bubble ring. But let me tell y'all something tonight, man. Luca had it on his mind. He had it on his chest. He was already pissed off last night about what happened to OKC, how they threw him out the game that were bs. So he came out tonight, made little point. Gimme the bow earlier. Let me be aggressive. Yeah you when you do, You know how you gotta be aggressive when you ain't had nothing in the wild And you got a little old little old mama over there, You know she loves she little old weight.


You normally going do it. You been, you been knocking down eight lately. But she a good three. Come on. God damn. But I don't give a damn. Come on big girl. Come on. Sometimes you ain't got time you shit. Gonna find pretty women. You want talk to 'em. They want to talk, talk, talk. Get the number. Same text message. Take a long time. You get them goddamn three then you, you leave them with them the same night. Don got your homeboy. Whatcha finna do? I'm finna go to the crib. All bet sha I'm blowing her little chubby motherfucking phone up. Where? Still lie with my girl welcome with me looking at my crib.


Oh yeah, let's run this. Let's get down this. That's what you can do with them three pieces, them eight nines and 10 it take a little I go with damn list your money Right And just what I drink stack? Yeah you fine. But I don't wanna give you no dime either. Uhuh never got a bad bitch in my phone but I'm hungry. Well they do that in shit. You gimme your money and gimme your three piece. I'm good. Yeah you from K-L-C-A-C-N-B-C Lakers in five new. They killing y'all. All your Los Angeles Lakers gonna make a splash. They made it Y y ain't talking about Walker Splash.


I'm talking about the big splash. Nigga come here. I gotta hit Sauce Walker Strip Club up too. I heard this off the chain down here in Ace Town and I'm 40 up And I want special privilege too. I don't give a damn. I'm about nobody here. When I come on get booking you'll be sitting there little bottle girls around here to bring me no bottle either. Trying to charge me $500 for a small bottle of done Julio. Who you think you fooling nigga? All these lounges restaurants Little bottle Julio caught $35 in the regular store. You go up there to them lounge. They want 400 no nigga I'm drunk before I fold in this motherfucker.


Do you hear me? The best thing going is the food come here. Yeah. Crispy tenders come here spicy. Come on. Don't forget the hot sauce. Come this way. They get you. You want some water, bottled water $15? Shit. Swallow my own spit before I goddamn spend $15 or for a bottle. Shit. Back to the game though man. I'm gonna be honest. Lakers struggled with the mouths tonight I'm gonna be on games. Shouldn't even been close as it was in the beginning. But the mouths were were fighting. They fighting to the very end until LeBron James kills them. Old man pulled up 27 points a knife had about 12, 13 points in the front quarter. He used to close a wire because he could goddamn goat.


All of y'all, lot of y'all like to talk about Dale Earnhardt trash ain't got sick on his daddy. I'm riding with Jeff Gordon. I hear them buy earn Don Goddamn bro it's Jeff car, you see it babe. They Jr ain't worth Daniel and y'all know it nigga the white boy. How You know about that nascar? Because I know about nascar. Niggas like to drive fast cars because the police be chasing us nigga That's I know don't walk with me here. I'm on one feeling good like 30 Spot ain got me a massage today from more Chinese ladies.


Come big game to a guy in no motherfucking ear too. Yeah you you want black here? Yeah I come back like pain you god damn right you gonna love me long time because I ain't paying no $115 for no 30 mini massage. No goddamn mo little tongue me. I want them motherfucker free from now and now. Yeah when y'all coming into little Chinese spice y'all see that little motherfucker there rubbing on my feet. Mind your business dog, you a freak or be big freak do you hear me? I get down And I get step. Yeah you coming to step them playing days over like I told you me And you have been talking And we been texting And you been saying this shit to me.


I've been saying this shit to you and when you come around me you ain't got nothing to shit. Shit. You better showed me the goddamn star. You wasn't them text messages or the fight is home. Bitch you all cash. Send me my goddamn hundred $75 back worth of meals. I can, I can pay for cash out for you being nice Baby little lunch on me today. You know I'm showing out a little bit. I'm trying to get the designer so I'm showing out I'm here come so when you come around me you fitting real comfortable. I don't mind buying me something. He buy me some little Nikes, little VaporMax come 200. They ain't said to a nigga come here.


I'm tracking a little bit. Little bit get damn when I giggle, God you already know when I giggle, when I done done dug, what you gonna do? Done took one knee, come even all broken the to yeah left stroke to death. Stroke. You know Biggie boys Biggie boy I'm cheating. You got damn right right here. I pop this sun bitch four gallons of water behind it. If not, You know I just you guys to drink water behind me. Goddamn. No when you take it God go now she gonna be looking at you when you hitting her from the back. Like what guy you shit, You know what, You know I'm a label when I make the kill I don't just eat you there.


I like to take you up into the trees of yeah Savior for later that shit. Boy how y'all feeling tonight? God damn. Every time the Lakers win. God it just do something to my soul. Do something to my body around here. Trump ain't put that goddamn pen down yet since he been in office, that motherfucker been signing every goddamn thing. Sign that shit for the Mexicans to go back. Well that's the case. Trump sign something for your wife because she ain't legal too nigga that woman ain't don know no goddamn English. Gets up to bitch You know no sign language, You know bullshit.


He put on every goddamn thing and shit. He except for weed don't you put it on. Goddamn. He got same people that voted Trump in right now. They mad. He tripped the seed got. That's what a clown do nigga. Y'all do you you were going for him inwards but so as you start fucking up, I'm turning against you no white start party against you. Now You know they love Trump. The motherfucking white women ain't they going home. They hub and every night them white hos ain't giving up no head.


They ain't giving up. No ain't they get Don. I everybody be in they love ain and they love taking they dog hunting shit don't coming in between that angle and them dog shit. Lemme tell you some white man love money. He love control and he love that goddamn dog. That white man key behind that goddamn dog. Do you hear me sick? You gonna come come between no white man. You can take all his money, you can take everything but the dog remains there. Pam, I'm lying. Pam, I'm lying.


Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather slot someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome to the family Purchase necessary VG Void prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions Apply.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Arapaho away you gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Ad Council.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dog got them 101 Dalmatians goddamn dog. This goddamn tall he won't move. He watching you every little step. You take his take Us. Our dogs ain't gonna pay for us. Hell we bird feed the goddamn dog. Our dog be by us. You ever single a nigga out in the park? Dog is turned around, come down. That motherfucking dog don't like you. He don't feed him no white people. Dogs do tricks for him. All that Miss Mary walk that dog. That dog a they throw a Frisbee. He'll go get it. You throw that black dog a Frisbee. That motherfucking black dog got like a diabetic. He ain't going no damn well.


Legs hurt. Oh y'all sh tell me I'm lying. Tell me I'm lying. I know what y'all think A goddamn dog go from sports. Then you go to him. You I take you everywhere. You on a ride with me. You on ride with me. Believe that Jack And I know y'all. I heard about that chef down here in Ace time. Othello. I think Othello Homes. You nasty some of out here doing nasty shit to the food. Yeah he used to work at Culture's restaurant, Othello Homes. Look him up doing nasty shit to your tensiles and shit. Man you nasty Now I know a bunch of nasty motherfuckers in my life.


Like my uncle, he used to open the fridge door fart and close the door. That's a nasty mother. REAL TALK ello. You gonna jail, you gonna the beating nigga. Man they they found this phone he had on age girls and there all kind of nasty dudes is a is a demon man. Dude is a demon man. The the spot culture just nasty. You know how nasty you gotta be for a chicken to call in on you motherfucking chickens and and witness protection down here in Ace Town behind running from that goddamn dude Ello. He was out here fucking the food, fucking the chicken. You got chickens and them witness protection wearing weed. Shit I ain't never seen no shit.


Like I ain't soon as Arto go to the prison shit I was a chef so that mean You know how to toss a salad nigga. Yeah you was a chef so that mean You know how to toss salad big boys in no waiting. And I ain't gonna get say big boys it some little niggas in my size in jail right now will bring that mother up in you when they rung up in you too. They listening to a come here hell bumping. Right. Come y you good cooking ass motherfucker. You, you wanna play with the people fool that nasty dog they gonna play with you and they penitentiary too. Bitch over or bitch that over.


We won't be, if it won't fit them niggas enough we'll force it. They you big bad so bitch like you, you had uncontrollable urge. Well them niggas there got uncontrollable urgent. They ain't never coming home and God damnit you looking like Britney Spears to 'em right now. Come Here we go stop all this nasty pornification nasty shit y'all doing. Good Lord. Watch y'all niggas. Some of you niggas sit up on here on these social media crying and God please hear me. God help me and he help y'all retarded motherfuckers. And then you go out there and shoot seven people, you rot some.


I watch my own family members go to jail. Damn when I come home I'm gonna give G all my motherfucking time And soon as you come home you going do none of this shit. You shit your nigga he watch you watching. Yeah when you was in the cell crying, praying to come home each and every day. He blessed you to come home too. Bless you with a child. Bless you with a child. Bless you with a car. Bless you with prayer for first. I don't wake up every morning and Now you can't even give him praise trash go to jail again nigga. They going to bury you in now. Just telling you the truth of what we do. And I ain't just talking about y'all, I'm talking about myself. Shit. Shit we do stuff we do we ask God for and then when it comes down to it we gonna hold up our end though to bargain.


Oh yeah. Some of us get too high and mighty for the good Lord. Yeah thank you. Don't need him tragedy hit your ass all of a sudden now God help me. Don't call him now. Don't call him now till I used to do back shit too. Never would go to church, never would give God time. Going on a job interview and then all of a sudden then I wanted to play gospel music then shit still didn't get the job. I done all that shit. Done a whole lot of boger shit in my lifetime. But I didn't lage and pay me. I kept going. I said Father God You know I'm a center. I am a center but I want to do right in the wrong world.


I'm finding out all kinds of shit. My grandma got on a dating site. Hell don what? The grandma is on a dating site. Her name is still got grip. I thought it was fake. I had to click on the shit and she on there eating a goddamn Popsicle old ass. I said Grandma you old ahead talking. It don't matter how old the engineer as long as it's still a per n. If I wasn't getting her check I put her ass in the nursing home. 'cause soon as you put your people in the nursing home they gonna get all them funds. N I'm milking gran right now. Everybody think I'm taking good care of her and ain't. I'm getting that money ready.


I'm gonna get 12 bands a month. Come. Damn right. I'm getting off. Y'all wonder why I got Ali card. Ali Ali down. It's coming from Gran Check. Come here. Damn. Going to the strip club. I'm going to the Dodge game leg on the night. Goddamn getting off on gran game Money. Yeah ain ne could have been y y'all didn't want, y'all didn't want gran in y'all house. God damnit I took it in. I shit with me now. Real. She ain't gotta worry about nothing. Got want my little hole. Watch out, watch after while I go out here and do it. I do. Yeah I like shit. I love watching your gran. I know you do pumpkin like damn money I'm giving you.


Yeah come here. Come here bitch ain't had no job no way. See $800 a month is what I'm give. No come here. I thought what y'all thinking? You a cheap motherfucker here Neil. It it don't. It don't, it don't take much to it. Don't take much to impress a broke motherfucker. I'm talking, I got one, one of the brokest bag AST mother pops devil. They 800 a month do something to it. See where am I Y Y. See I put granite down nine o'clock every night. I got rest of the thing night to do without want be put broke. Come here. Yeah I me some cut it last night too.


Come here. Ain't nothing like that cut boy. That cut make you wake up early and just smile. What the fuck you smile at dog? Just, just smiling. When that good old cut And you have that good old cut on your face. You ever had that good cut when you leave a spot And you riding back home you? Yeah I some baby. You still know me boy you silly. No. Yeah. Trick for kids. I'm a grown man. Boy do what they can men do what they want. Come here. How you women fucking with lawn With a real like I'm honest I'm gonna fuck with you baby. Yes you damn I can't get up. I got to get home.


Come on. How y'all feeling man? Man we got 9, 6, 5 people on that motherfucker. Trash all gonna be 9,000. I hit that like button for your boy. Man y'all make sure y'all suck this episode man. They sleeping on your bubble. God damnit. Long as they sleeping, I'm gonna keep working. I'm gonna turn that 965 into 9,000 and by two or three god damn months come here. I'm gonna keep working. Long as I keep working, y'all keep coming on here supporting me. I'm gonna keep coming on here giving y'all this fire ass content And I'm gonna keep God motivating. Y'all too. Keep going. You ain't doing enough for me. I ain't doing enough for myself and y'all ain't doing enough.


Let's do more. I ain't talking about watching me and all that. I'm talking about what you're doing in your life. Whatever you're doing in your life, do more of it. Long as it's positive, do more. You getting 80 hours a week. See can you get 80? I damaged taxis. It's time to. It's our bullshitting. It's time to come up. What we gonna do? We gonna come up baby. We're gonna come up together. We gonna shine together. Yeah, we ain't doing no hate when the other team is marching down the field. We going and God damnit when our time, y'all better do the same thing. They don't like it when you walk don't it?


They gotta be on the ones scoring touchdown. Well sometimes you can't score touchdown my nigga. Sometimes you got to kick big or go And you go y heard what I just told y'all. Everybody can't school touchdown. Somebody got the ke field calls nigga can I get a amen to hurt around nigga. That's all I'm saying. Appreciate that. June 6, 6 2. Appreciate it from the bottom of my motherfucking heart.


We will rise. We will rise. All you gotta do is bleed. This right here is a terrible thing to lose. Don't never let nobody take this shit from you. If You know right from wrong, you got it going on. Never let nobody take this from you ever. Whatever you thinking it can happen. Just gotta put the work in. It's gonna happen for you I promise you. Yeah. You probably think you in a bad position right now. That's somebody done being in the worst position than you and they thriving right Now. You everybody got a role to play. Even in the beehive, the queen, everybody got a motherfucking role to play. If the bees and the birds and the whales and, and the angles playing they role. That means us human beings gotta play our role too.


Got some people on your team right now. They supposed to catch the ball and pass it but now they want to take jump shots. They wanna be seen by the pretty girls too. But they ain't fuck you ugly And you don't bring it. You get a little money now chain and all that. All of a sudden you think you him some beautiful, you still nigga I don't not wanna do it. Play a role. Niggas been eating table food too fast. Keep 'em on the baby food ladies or the or the chili just a little bit long when you give them table food because the table food, it's different.


You know it's different processed food now. It ain't everything. Don't taste the same milk, don't taste the same. Eggs don't take, it's been tamper chicken steroids. It's, it's been pimpled but I got the, I got the real food. The food of life. Yeah. You a real food out there in the soil. Yeah the red beans got chickens running around. That mean I got chicken And I got eggs. Huh. And I got a couple of cows. Now I got some beef. Couple cup dairy cow come in. You know what I'm saying? What I'm telling, I'm trying to tell you right Now, you, we can do it on our own off the land, getting your money.


Buy you some land. No, Charlie may appreciate it. Buy you some land now. They can't stop you Now you can go and buy you a trailer or buy you some homes and put on your land And we gonna use this. I'm gonna help you use it. Somebody help me God damn. I'm gonna help y'all. We all in this shit together. Any questions you got for me? You can DM me Bubble dub 94 1 IG DM me. I respond long as you talking right with respect and positivity. Goddammit, I will respond same way I respond to I'm whole, the same way I respond to y'all. No, I'm just joking. But that's my time. Peace and love. I out one The Volume.


Sometimes his dads, I think were too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers, but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away. You gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth. Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov. Brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad Council.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie. Thomas Rtt Rascal Flex Cole. Swindell, Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.