
Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core Ultra Processors.


This song goes out to my new best pal PayPal. Now that I get 5% cash back with my PayPal debit card every month on the category I choose my PayPal and I we're going everywhere together. 'cause I want to pay with you everywhere. I pay with PayPal at the shoe store, the Wind chime store, the.com store, all the stores. Oh, ah. Don't just pay PayPal Terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bay Court Bank NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take face free financial wellness quiz to get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health. Visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Thursday night football is back touchdown and it's on Prime Video Game changer. It all kicks off this Thursday with the Buffalo Bills. Taking on the Miami Dolphins in an A FCE Showdown with football's best party TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial today. It's the Bills and the Dolphins Thursday only on prime video restrictions a apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details


The volume. What's up y'all? Welcome to the Bubble Dub show man. How y'all feeling tonight? How y'all feeling tonight? Talk to me. How y'all feeling tonight? Just got through watching the New York Jets Plague of San Francisco 40 nines. You know before we even get it in there, hit the like button. Yeah, we late night tonight. Yeah, like BET uncut. We late night tonight go and hit the like button. Go and hit the subscribe button. I'm your host Bubba Dub. You know I do this thing solo dolo shout I took a new subscriber that's coming on right now.


I can check your boy out. We appreciate you. We don't know what you've been waiting on but we appreciate you sitting here. My observation from watching Aaron Roger, that motherfucker need to retire and I don't wanna hear nothing about the receivers, offensive linemen, the the Coke drivers. I don't wanna hear nothing about that. Hey Rod need to retire. He's stealing money at this point. If you ask me doing the same thing he seen Brett Farm dude. Is what he doing Am I'm not mistaken. Didn't Brett fbe play for the jet too? I'm starting to think Aaron Rogers obsessed with their EBT card stealing Brett fbe.


Brett Fre got 95 brisket Z his freezer Right. Damn. Now everybody wanna keep talking to me about Brett Fav. N people got down there in Mississippi Hungry DA motherfucker ain't got nothing to drink but when they ride by his house they can smell him at brisket from five to 10 miles away. Smoking backed up Brett Far ain't got no respect none. I still love you Brett. But hey I got to call it, I got to call it like I see you back to Aide 13 for 21. 167 yards. One touchdown, one interception back there in the pocket looking shaky to me.


I don't know what that is. That who Yuck all them pie and infested rat up there in New York. Y'all y'all rather give it to Arod some old taxi cabs. Y'all got up there in New York, y'all could have bought new cars instead. Y'all wanna get aro 35 million for what? That motherfucker ain't Joe Namath. John mad rolling over in his grave right now. Y'all got Nicholas Cage playing Chill up. Madden is rolling over in his motherfucking grave right now.


Rolling over in the limited edition. God damnit, somebody talked to me. What happened to Aaron Rogers? Don't give me this, this this Achilles shit I'm talking about before that what happened to him? I used to have aro up there with the damn marinos and all that shit. Not now. I got him down there with the somebody correct me if I'm wrong. Somebody correct me if I'm wrong man, what happened to Aaron Rogers? Let's talk about it. This guy double check that shit ain't no sir. I remember Aaron Rogers used to could take over a game with his feet.


He can't do it no more. Aaron Roger does off 75 damn steps. I know, I know he got coins. I know a coin. I know a coin on the feet person when I see one Aaron Roger got coins. Come on now man see I 244 total yards. That's a team four motherfucking quarter 60 minutes. We all professional athletes Him, you gimme 2 44 motherfucking totals. That's an offense. Ain't no off days you motherfucker ain't no off days for me the offense but you can't work like that dude to the NFL rules.


You know you can't wear pads certain day man shit I make my team run laps and they start with you a ride. Give a damn about you being old motherfucker. You wanna play for me, you gonna do what I tell you can do smokey, abandoned face as you should have stayed up there in Green Bay. If you gonna do that, what you doing up here in New York Jet. You gonna gave them people a false hope. Them people up there in New York believe man they believe in you a right and your fools go can't fool me. You got me tonight, you got me on private, you won't get no motherfucking mo. Brock Purdy came out did what he supposed to do 19 for 29, 231 yard.


He ain't had no touchdown, had no intercept, he had no turnover. You didn't have to that damn running back. Mason was talking the note and the infa sneaky too. You see how they do us players who be on prize pit. You see how they do it Didn't announce it to three Minks when fo game they Christian McCaffery wasn't gonna play like fuck I'm telling you man they no, I thought there was gonna be a beggar game. I'm thinking a ride back from injury. Just got a nine defense side South Guard over there man. No motherfucking New York just trash.


Okay. 49 bang bang. Y'all did y'all what y'all post do but y'all always do this regular season. Hell y'all always get to the Super Bowl. That's where you lose at for they not a fan. Y'all quick to jump on here. Bang bang. Yeah I the way to the Super Bowl then Lose Lose. It's what y'all be doing. Yeah he Brock Purdy tonight. Geno Smith and them Super Bowl and you know I ain't lying. You know I ain't lying. That statue of Liberty rolling over in the Hudson River right now. But when people in New York man head right now they Italian.


Shit ain't no pepperoni. Ain't no pepperoni sandwiches going out tomorrow in New York. Shit I love New York but I'm gonna tell you I seen some of the strongest rats I ever seen in my motherfucking life. They talking my Jalen Siping hurts for the Eagles gonna squat 600. I know a rat right now on Broadway can do that shit. I ain't bullshitting. Hey y'all seen them New York man shit. Yeah I seen one that had his stomach done. I ain't born shit. I seen a rat in New York with a baby. Yeah that motherfucker look like band Kevo. I'm not lying no damn lie Now Rat too stocky Bill too real talk at the pop smoke braid and shit man.


And could dress. He like you. He like you from Harlem. You know them Harlem niggas can dress Harlem the best dressed niggas ever. He had gone, he had on some kind of Louis Durag and shit. The rap was play Nigga had me for some cigarettes. I say I don't even smoke fan like bet you know what I'm saying like I hardly let your leg a beat. You know what I'm saying? On some real Biggie Brooklyn type shit. He was shooting the eyes and he would listen to Biggie. Must be the do more than you know Goggled leg show. I love the D. Yeah Hey that Rat was jamming. He ain't had no teeth though. He ain't had no rat only rack. I ain't seen no teeth. He remind you of Damon dad.


Swear to God that who Rat remind me of Damon dad with no teeth in his mouth. Damon dad know he two motherfucking no to be up over here talking knowing he ain't, he got a mouth full of you got some motherfuck dam people back in the day working nine to five. Call 'em slaves. I wish you, I bet you wish you had you one now I bet you wish we had you a good nine to five now kind kind of trick people into buying that damn shit. Nobody want that bullshit about Jay shit you going lose it in four, five years. Who's going to give it back? Nobody want that damn investment but my Safes fans that because why y'all got them sick of y'all?


What My Saints fans? I know you me. Y'all ain't slipped, ain't bathed, ain't did a motherfucking thing. Just musty Falcons. Where y'all live? I don't know why y'all on here. Falcons Kirk cousin know y'all some money right Motherfuck now. Now why y'all paid Kirk c Kirk Frozen Atlanta going through it. Lost Rich Army corn now you got Kirk cousin Boo. I hate to be a Atlanta Falcon fan right now. Go. I ain't gonna lie to you though.


You you, you, I mean you you Saints. Y'all put a ass whipping on them Carolina grass hoppers yesterday. Raise my eyebrow because you know I'm big cowboy over here. Don't make no mistake about it. We gonna tear y'all ass up next Sunday. Give a damn how many points you score on them grasshoppers. We done boys. We gonna be at home too. Shit. Y'all in trouble. Y'all in trouble. Y'all talk to me man. New England one shout out to Jacobi Brit. Shout out Tory Mayo. The coach that's done replace Bill Belichick got his first win yesterday started Jacoby Brit.


Hey man shout out to New England man. I know y'all happy about that. I know Rob Kraft happy about that man. Appreciate Robert CR for giving they black man a chance to run that organization. I appreciate it man. It was good to seeing them boys get a win yesterday. Yeah that was, that was dope to see the Detroit Lion beat the Los Angeles Ram 26 to 20 last night. Jerry Golf was 18 for twenty eight, two hundred and seventeen yards. One T one pick got sacked twice. Matthew Stafford was 34 for forty nine, three hundred and seventeen passing yard. One T one pick. He was sacked twice and that whole game was in wrestling to me. Man that whole game was interesting. Me, Montgomery ran the ball pretty good, had 17 s nine one yards but you know the lines came through in the clutch and pulled that off And I really think Detroit line, my sleeper team this year, I'm not gonna lie, I feel like Detroit gonna get to the Super Bowl this year.


I just, I don't, I just, something about I feel like, I feel like they, the league figure helped them forwards out because you know them fours been building cars since ca mens and shit. And I feel like the league going to finally give Detroit a chance to go to the Super Bowl and that shit going be, man that's gonna be colossal. It's gonna be buffs in New Orleans every damn well I'm not lying. Talk to me Bryce Young. Bryce Young look pitiful. I don't know if it's the coach. I know he ain't got no he he ain't got too much of nothing going on up there. He need to become a special team player. If I, if I'm the Carolina Grasshoppers, I'm making Bryce Young a a special team player.


He deserve to be in the league. I'm not knocking that but quarterback for my organization for years to come. Never you get your ass on special team and run down there and tackle somebody for me because I can't see it. When you saying hood, he ain't getting to his first progression. He ain't getting to his second. Damn sure ain't getting to his third. It's gonna take a mother to coming down and turn them grass grasshoppers around and my people in North Carolina don't deserve that either. My people in North Carolina don't deserve that. I dunno, I-I-I-I-I just don't know what it's going to take to turn that organization around up there in, in Charlotte.


I don't know. Y'all tell me you look Seahawks. Yeah I got the Seahawk hat on man. You know me, me and my boy Metcalf. That's, that's the homie me and Metcalf. Yeah that's the homie man I got all kind of hats. I got a Jets hat and now if the Jets were the won I would've wore my hat but they lost so I got on the Seahawk 'cause I went up there this year. If you've been paying attention to the show, you know why I got the hat. I went up there to try for the team man. But didn't nobody show up. It's all good though. So I, I took a dolphin. Yeah I got, we gotta talk about that Tyreek Hill situation man. I know y'all seen that man that was terrible Miami police man.


That's terrible. How y'all treat us man? Y'all got to treat us better than that man. Now I want my people on here to watch the show that's regular like me. Now you see what motherfucker did re what you think they'll do? Me and you Dude listen what I'm just saying to you. They just did a $200 million man like that. What you think they'll do to a nigga like me who ain't got but two nos


High Five Casino? High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void or prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High Five casino.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you're not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


Hey, this is Mario Lopez from On with Mario Daily Podcast. Here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with the superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places.


Make this new school year an opportunity for your kids to learn important life skills with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save and invest and spend wisely while parents keep an eye on kids' money habits. Greenlight also helps families get into their ball routine with a chores feature that lets parents assign chores and pay kids allowance when they check them off. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


And I don't believe in that. Sending them home and shit. He need to be fired, put on probation 'cause he ain't gonna do nothing but go to another county and get another police job. That can't be happening. I don't give a damn what kind of day you having. You can't be treating people like that. Throwing him all on the ground and all the unnecessary type shit that was unnecessary to treat that man like that. It so happened. He black, they ain't doing jump Paul. That white man like that. Hell no. They old white man that's spitting back. They don't do him like that. They know he'll go in that backseat and get that damn rifle. I know my damn right thing about Don White folks.


They know they motherfucking m you wait a minute. Pow shit. Them brothers trying to stop all that shit couldn't stop. Shit that damn ring over been out there. They wouldn't have never touched Tyreek Hill. I'm telling you what God love bullshit going on in the world. We gotta be careful here now. Gotta be careful. We know the system against us but we gotta be careful man. Careful damn. Whoever watching this show, man, them police tell you get dying on the ground. You get your ass on that motherfucking ground. Don't give no reason when no motherfucker pulled me over.


I'm hands just like this. Everything all right. Is everything all right with you? What do you wanna know? See I started giving out information soon they pulled me over. They ain't got to ask me what's going on motherfucker. I'm finna tell you I don't seeing then you wanna know the polls. I give you the polls between Kamala and Trump. You wanna know who got that work out here in the streets. Shit you finna find out because I'm finna go home. Shit telling you the truth. Big intel over him. I don't hold hold shit. I don't hold water. Shit.


I told you I tell secrets I couldn't be in the Navy. The army I told you out here I tell us intel secrets Shit Y'all crazy. I better get y'all mind. Right Stephanie better get y'all mind. Right Or I picked of James Earl Jones. We lost a legend James Earl Jones. We lost a legend. Man was a good actor. I think he was like 93, 95 years old man Live a long productive life. Know some of y'all might remember him coming to America. You know he was Prince of King Pops King Joffe in the movie.


I think he also played in that. What was that Michael Jackson movie? Y'all know what I'm talking about. I can't think of the name of it but he, James Earl Jones, he played in that Michael Jackson movie. Nigga come to my name in the me somebody gonna tell me what it was, the name of that movie he played game with Michael J. Voice of Irv. Yep, for sure. Or IP to him. Man we, we lost a legend man. We know we losing everybody this year. He played in Roscoe Jenkins Real Lion King. Yep. But there's another old movie he played with Michael Jackson. Y'all, y'all gimme the name of that. Y'all gimme the name of that real quick though. We know he played Mu Fo in Lion King but he played in that that movie with Michael Jackson. He was the scare Kroger Tin man. What's the name of that third movie?


We'll we, we'll we'll think of that as well. But yo mama gon silence for him also moving along. We gotta talk about the Dessan Watson situation man. Say a man going through another sexual lawsuit. When would this shit stop? Man just lost his father. The son watching. I don't know if y'all know man. The man lost his dad. He is going through some things man off the field now he getting hit with these sexual allegations. Man, if I don't know who, who know Deshawn Watson. Anybody close to him man, pray for him man.


Stay close to him man. You know mental health is serious out here man. And we know he going through it 'cause we can see it on the motherfucking field. We can see it on the that. That ain't just, that ain't massage Paul Watson nigga I'm seeing that's the son watching somebody just trying to fit in man. Man need prayer man need help. I'm not going to down him because he going through so much man. That's one thing I get on here, I laugh, I joke I play but when it come to that man gonna help shit man I take that shit serious man. Man we gonna pray for Deshaun Watson man. Now if the all now if he done what they say he did, you know he need to go through it.


But if he ain't and it gets somebody who gets trying to get a quick money grab man the hell with you. But what a time to pick with this man right now man. What a time to do this man just lost his pops man. You can tell he ain't yourself right now man. That ain't the massage Paul was I seen down there in Texas. Man you know that man was pulling up to the game riding Sws sipping Sir Turkey leg hood. Nah, he, you know what I'm saying? He ah man I don't know man. Yeah somebody talk to me man. What is going on with Deshaun Watson? Man, somebody talk to me man. God dang they kinda get that two 60 back if somebody say they probably is bro.


They probably is trying to get that two 60 back. I don't know but from the look of it though man he don't look like he worth none of it. Aaron Rogers don't look like he worth none of it at all. They stealing but as the NFL and I I know I'm finna go back to this Tyreek Hill situation. He Sidney, I know Miami, the team issued a statement but I feel like the NF NFL should step in too. Like I feel like nobody's a bug of law. I really do feel like that but as the NFL you, you, you, you gotta have some kind of rapport with the police department about your players man. You know what I'm saying? Like I ain't saying I ain't giving leeway and all that but I'm saying though Tyreke Hill, I don't, I as a NFL owner, I don't want nobody putting they hands on one of my players like that.


Not trying to sound like a slave on or none of that. But I don't want you putting your motherfucking hand on my $200 receiver bending his knee. Them mother Tyre woulda blew his knee out when they threw him on the ground like that. You know what I'm saying? Could have been out fucking Caesar that shit could have happened Now as a owner it it figure be, it fixing gonna be some problems. Come on now we know these owners, they support these police departments and all this and that. Man that ain't nothing to chunk them board three or 400,000 a year to check. Make sure my player safety that that type of shit go on. I don't know if y'all know that but that type of shit go on man. They, they, there's protection for that man. These laws supposed to be protecting us man. They hurting us more than they helping us man.


See type of dude like I am, I can't fight so nine times I can 10 I'm gonna run my mouth, get my, you know, get into some shit. You finna go down. I'm gonna back down. I ain't got nothing. I'm good bro. I'm just talking Don't don't take no nothing. It ain't that serious. But the whole time I done dial 9 1 1 on your rabbit ass. Yep. You don't know they coming but I do. Soon as I see the red, white blue lights I might still off on you because I know I got help. You know what I'm saying? I got help. True Shit, we know why he got stopped. We definitely know why he got stopped. But against the NFL you it should be something.


I'm not saying they more privileged than us. I'm just saying bro like hey bro this shit should never happen. This shouldn't, shouldn't happen to nobody period. But let alone an NFL player or NBA man come on man. That shit shouldn't be happening to man dragging the man out the car and shit man. Drag, you know what I'm saying? Tyreek ain't he's you know strong. Come on, come on man. You don't want nobody to do that to you. That shit ain't cool. That shit ain't cool at all. Edge one oh nigga said was 1 0 9 out there in Miami and they had him face down. You gotta had him face down man. Hey man I got love for the 49ers man.


I ain't gonna get on here and I got love for the 49ers. I just know we done seen this before. Just like y'all telling me dub you go talking about the Cowboy Super Bowl. We done seen this before. We see how it again when we can sing the 49 ERs too back when Tiptoeing KA was back there you lost. Now y'all done win two more times and lost. That's all I'm saying. Yes y'all good in the regular season you get all the way to the big bowl then you lose it. What good is that? What's good? What's good to fixing a big bowl of Frosted Flakes? Put some sugar in that motherfucker get ready to sit down and waste them. What good is that? That's all I see. To me y'all is a big bowl of Frosted Flakes.


Somebody talk to me tonight, I need somebody to talk to me tonight. So overall after Sunday and Monday game to to to you who look like the best team in the NFL ending week one, I'm asking y'all to y'all who look like the most complete team in the NFL right now. And I'm not gonna say a cowboy, I'm I'm, I'm I I'm not gonna be biased on this show. I'm, I'm gonna be 100 now like I'm always am. Cowboys didn't look like the best team to me in the NFL. They didn't, some would say the Saints, some would say the Saints look like the best. Some tonight would say the 49. I'm asking y'all who do y'all think after week one look like the best team in the NFL right now?


Talk to me. Who's Sister Mepo Chiefs But they still have flaws. I think a lot of I I would say the chiefs too because they are the defending champions. That's who I was gonna say the chiefs. But lot of our like I team got players out right now. I seen where Kyle Flury, Mr. Wide open Marvin Harrison Jr. For a touchdown. What's going on with that? What's going on with Kyle Murray? I feel like he's stealing in money too down there in Arizona. He stealing money, ain't watching film in my height.


Trash got them nigga NL different ball game boy. This ain College you can get away with that shit in college. NFL you can't get away with it. Playing Call of Duty playing something for real Jet defense was the problem now Aaron Rogers shit. Aaron Rogers is the problem bro. You gotta have your group ready. You ain't playing damn near a whole year. Y'all gotta come out rock and roll this first game of the year. Man Jets knew they Jet knew they had off fishing line problems. Took the last four, five years while they ain't address it yet.


I'm keeping my Tiger hearing. He ain't got no motherfucking protection. He had it up there in Green Bay and still didn't damn win. Now Aaron, Roger Bushy face ass had protection up there in Green Bay the last seven years and didn't win shit. He got a win. But I'm talking about them last seven years. Didn't win shit. Lost. Y'all can't keep defending him. Y'all can't keep defending him man. At some point he gonna have to take some responsibility and some of you fans of here gonna have to take responsibility too.


Hall of Fame. For real. We gonna give him that. He was a bullshit ass quarterback too. We we just throw it talented. Yes. To make all the throws. Yes. Was he bullshit? Absolutely. Y'all know aro full of shit. I guarantee you right now that lost night. He ain't gonna think he did nothing wrong. He gonna agree with y'all. I ain't got no help. That's him. I want my quarterback agreeing. I want my quarterback saying I got to do more. That's what I wanna hear from my quarterback. I need to do more nigga I'm the head coach motherfucker let me help you starting with this thing. Look at him, you missed this. That's the line and thought we'll handle that but you missed this.


Everybody gotta be held accountable. Ain't nobody wanna hold aro accountable no more. And then everybody wanna jump on Deshaun Yey Deshaun Wise. Oh man they should bench him. Why you motherfuckers, they talking about Daniel Bones. What The Giants Daniel Bones is terrible. What Devi. Vigo at Eli Manning rolling over in his motherfucking grave right now. Looking at Daniel Bones. Y'all gave him one 60 for what? Y'all got a motherfucking rat right now in Queens that can play quarterback for the Giants that can do better than Daniel Bones.


You see how immediately your plan is Man they need to, they need to do something with watch. No do something with Bones. How can not 2, 4, 2. I'm sick of you motherfuckers. I'm sick of y'all. I wanna take the brother out. Take the white boy out. Damnit and your bone ain't worth shit. Rough a motherfucking thing Y'all wanna pull? Y'all wanna pull Deshaun? Why pull Daniel Bones? Y'all give me y'all take on Daniel Bone. I might call him a bone.


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Hello? Officer You know why I pulled you over? No, I pulled you over because I just had to tell you about High Five Casino. I got1@highfivecasino.com. A social casino on your phone. Increase spins cash prizes three daily reward over a thousand games@highfivecasino.com. So do I get a ticket? No, It's a warning to play high Five Casino. Woohoo. Have you had your High five movement today? Only at high five. casino.com. High five casinos, a social casino, no purchase necessary. What we're prohibited to play responsibly Conditions Supply. See website for details. High Five Casino.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with the superior lineup of in-stock SUVs including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey everyone, it's Ted from Consumer Cellular, the guy in the orange sweater and this is your wake up call. If you're paying too much for wireless service, you don't have to keep having that nightmare. Consumer Cellular has the same fast reliable coverage as the leading carriers for up to half the cost. So why keep spending more than you have to? Seriously wake up and call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com Savings Based on cost of consumer cellular single line one, five and 10 gig data plans with a limited talk and text compared to lowest cost. Single line postpaid, unlimited talk text and data plans offered by T-Mobile and Verizon January, 2024.


And. we already talked about Colorado man we talked about them yesterday. Man their offensive line need gun power. They got to protect, they got to protect your door back up. They gonna be all right. Hopefully they can bounce back this week. Hopefully prayers are for Shallow. He hurt. Hopefully be back in a couple of weeks. I don't know why y'all tripping on Alabama. Go get one. Like why like what's the big fuss y'all motherfuckers won and that quarterback y'all got. Oh my God. Fam row Mc Monroe fo He fo. He absolutely fo. I don't know why you I'm a fan complain. Meanwhile me and to was on Colorado sideline, we were stunned like we got hit by a damn Bumblebee.


We didn't know what happened. Man that shit happened so fast man. Colorado was gonna be all right man. I bro, I promise you Coach Fry gonna get them floors right. LSU the we is that's what it was. I knew somebody was gonna find out what I was talking about going James Earl Jones in the W with Michael Jackson. Yeah y'all check that out too. How y'all state the best team in college? I gonna see them losing. Whoa Tennessee Titans. Y'all want me to give y'all some coverage? Ain't young Buck ain't ain't shit. Young Buck shit. Young Buck ain't get bankruptcy no more.


Damn Young Buck done paid Y 50 shit C Y'all ought to be up. Y got Willis back there too. Shit. I'm gonna be real with y'all ea man I got y'all winning four games this year. That's it. Now go on. I'm come back over here no more talking about give y'all some cover. Y'all gonna win four motherfucking games. Ain't y'all in the same division with the, the singer Point Coachs in the Texans shit now y'all in the a FC South. Y'all with y'all with Jacksonville? Yeah my bad. Y'all with Jacksonville in the Texas shit.


Hell no, Tennessee, y'all gonna win five, four or five games this year and that's all. Trevor Lawrence ain't worth a damn. I don't, I I I'm, I'm just saying Trevor Lawrence ain't worth a damn. I feel like the, the Jacksonville Jaguar got a pretty good team down there under dumb Paterson. Yeah y'all be underperforming down there with Doug can't beat Miami. Had the game won and I don't know, I don't know what to say. No damn more. Yeah he got paid Tennessee. You think Tennessee? Somebody said they think Tennessee better than the coach. I don't think so. The coach lost a nail biker against the Texas last night.


Yesterday they lost a nail by I I can't put Tennessee over the coach right now. Why Tennessee ain't got no quarterback. The coach got a quarterback. Ain't no running back. No. Y'all got Kevin Riley and y'all got an agent D Hop over there. That's hurt. I can't honestly see Prince say the single C the EA Titans is better than the, than the coach. I can't say that. I can't say that bro. I really can't say that at all. I see Ohio State versus UT issue is the Wheezy snub greater than the CC Olympus Snub? I think it is Bro.


Snub and Wayne like that. And I get it. I, you know I talked about Kendrick DeMar is on a great run right now. Historic run right now. But we talking about going to New Orleans, man, hurricane Katrina. It's a lot of history down there man. And I feel like it's just disrespectful not to have Little Wayne or Master P you know what I'm saying? Some, some New Orleans negative not to be over it. Man. IIII that don't sit well with me. I know Jay-Z them they they, they looking at this from a, from a different view but damn that view you got to have Lil Wayne hosting in the Super Bowl down there in New Orleans.


Man y'all act like Lil Wayne ain't one of the greatest rappers that ever live like Wayne is him. You could say Wayne is him. Ain't ain't ain't Weezy l baby. Like ain't nothing else to even talk about when that man name come up. Man. Man been doing this 30 years, 30 years. We talking about Weezy gave us, Drake gave us, Nicky gave us Tiger Kardashian. I mean Tiger J Man y'all better put some respect on Wayne name man.


Big facts. No man. Wayne ain't whacked now man, Wayne just done done it all man. Wayne ain't gonna never be whacked never. He just ain't gotta rap like he used to rap no more. He just come in and do verses and, and this and that but don't, don't get it twisted. It's only a few can get wig. It's only a few and I and what Jay, him J and and Kendrick j Cole, Dre. Ain't nobody ever really touching Weezy. Weezy don't wanna be touch Weezy won't be touched, don't get it twisted.


He still got some bars. He still got some major bars when he won to Spit he just had one of the firest futures with KA Saturday morning. Yeah. Gave me a shout out. Go and listen to it Saturday morning by COR and Lil Wayne. Go listen to it. Gave me a shout out, shout out took my boy. We big dog with the big Andy Butcher. Oh for sure. Oh for sure. Oh for sure man. Gotta get my trash sugar day. I gotta get my trash Sugar day to Miami-Dade police trash for how y'all treating Tyreek Hill now if y'all treating Tyreek Hill like that, I don't wanna know to the other motherfucking people y'all treating like that.


That ain't got a voice that that, you know what I'm saying? That that and they, they ain't, they ain't go Tyreek Hill. How many other people y'all done fucked over. That's what y'all gonna be wanting to know. They did that to him. What you think they'll do to us? I remember that conversation too. I remember that conversation too about Jay-Z and Lil Wayne who was the best. I remember that conversation too. She, I took the Longhorn. Yeah man, I just don't like seeing stuff like that man. We already, they already trying to keep us divided and stuff like this. Man I hate, IIII just hate seeing this and I'll never play that piggy game.


That ain't me that don't, I don't even give in that black When will it stop? When will it stop? I know people say he shook a roll out his window and Will wasn't even tinted though. So I mean he, the police just be an asshole y'all. When will it stop? Anybody watching this show? Put the guns down, stop the violence. We gotta stop the violence. We gotta be more smarter in in what we doing. We gotta make better decisions. We gotta stop being so mother freaking emotional when shit don't go our way. When always wanna run and grab the gun and split second you make the wrong decision now you paying for it for the rest of your life.


So everybody lose. Sometimes when we get mad we need to take a moment and think it through and remove yourself from the situation man. Don't get caught up in, don't let your ego get in the way. Don't let your ego have you in the graveyard. Sometimes it's best to walk away and be like and be the bigger man. I know you probably can fight. I know you can do all this. We all know that. That's cool. You a tough guy. Get it but be a tough guy that's alive. Still a tough guy. That's dead. So we can give you your flowers man. I remember when you was out here running the streets doing this and that man, now look at you now you a, you know, you a advocate to your children showing 'em the weight that you ain't gotta pick up this drug.


You ain't gotta do this illegal. You can do everything legit. You can be a baller without selling drugs or this, that and the third or scamming people. You can be legit and get money. That's what it's about man. It's about transforming man. I know a lot of people that was in jail at prison. Come home and and get on the right track. Talk to my homeboy Brewster man. He be doing that prison reform thing man. Like he did like 15, 20 years come home, got his own trucking business. Dude probably got about 30 trucks on the road right now man. So if somebody watching this show, that's a felon man go and get your CDLs man. I'm gonna let these people define you and telling you what you can and you can't be as a felon, we already know you can't get a good job but man, but you can go and get your CDL though.


You can get on that road and start driving and save up you some money and get your own truck now you got your own business. Yeah. Fuck where you was. It's where you at. We all trying to get somewhere in life. We all trying to get somewhere in life man. Yeah, don't let nobody kill your dream. Stop telling your dream to be small, old, small minded ass people too. People. Very small minded man. You could be right here today. All of a sudden you put the hard you put your work in. You getting money now. That's how it is in the enshrine man. Man I put the work in now when you start being successful, oh man, you an Illuminati nigga. I don't know nothing about no motherfucking illuminati. I know about hard work. I know about spending my own money, investing my own money hoping to come back.


I know about that shit. We gotta stop downplaying one another man. You see another man doing good. Hey fam, I seen where you was. I see where man I like that. Keep that shit going. It gotta be motivation. It shouldn't be saying oh man. Yeah he got all that shit now He think he all that. Man I hope he fall off. I be hearing people say about certain people. I remove myself from them kind of cos I wanna see my bro man. My bro doing his thing. I can say I'm deriding, I don't care. My bro shine. That's how I was when all my people around me was doing they thing. Never hate it, never talk down. I knew one day my day, I knew one day I was gonna be there and do that.


Y'all can enjoy life man. And remember what other people blessings are not your blessings. Stop counting people pockets.


If you tuning into this Bubba Dub show man. You might not even be able to watch it sometime man. You can go to Apple podcast and type in the bubble dub show or go with Spotify. Type in The Bubba, Dub Show. Do that for your boy. Hit the like button. Hit the scribe button. I'm going live after every big game Sunday night. I'm going live Monday nights. I'm going live Thursday nights. I'm going live Man y'all tap in man. Turn your notifications on if you're watching this show then you know this show being presented by prize picks. If you a first time user over that prize pitch, man use my promo code trash with the two H's. You a first time user and you watching, you wanna go play right now 'cause I'm telling you this. Check this out. You put $5 in, they gonna give you 50. Yeah, drop and gimme 50. They gonna give you $50 and it's more or less over there like the night. I don't fan points. I had aide to have more than 14 fantasy point but he had less. Now you get where I'm going. It's either more or less over there. It had my b Brandon Duke to have four receptions. You either put more or less. I put less. Now you getting my point now you getting where I'm going now. If you need extra money and you like to get on the fantasy pic is the way. Pic is the way. Real talk.


Thank y'all for tuning in tonight. We know, I know it's late but this is what I'm doing now. Like I say man, y'all can catch me doing my thing over here. I'm just enjoying live. Hopefully y'all enjoying this shit too man. We, we making it. Do what it do over here man. Yeah we it's a sports show but it's a everyday show too at that. We gonna talk about everything. Not just sports. We gonna talk about Tyree crying ass child support. Pay your motherfucking child support Tyree. You gonna went to every motherfucking platform crying but you still ain't paid your child support trash. I don't wanna see you crying no motherfucking more until you pay that child support Cow crying.


She want more money. Pay it. You Tyrese, you baby boy. Remember Sweet Lady. Would you be my see where that get you and child support court sweet lady. My ass baby lady got you crying. Every time I look around you look like a battle mother. Tyrese look like a mother. Ain't nothing wrong with me crying ain. Nothing wrong with that fam, but you doing all this crying, all this wooing and all of a sudden you just, I'm doing the, I'm doing the, I'm doing the, I'm do the what's my boy name, Tony.


Come on now. Come on now man I make sure y'all hit that like subscribe button circuit. Let these boy know Bubba Dub it's on fire during this football season. Don't forget man, I, I'm feeling get ready to pick a lucky fan to fly with me to the game. So be on the lookout for that. We're gonna be doing all that on The Bubba, Dub Show this year. So anybody that's watching first time using, I'm gonna be flying our fans to go to these games with me and be a part of The Bubba Dub Show. We're gonna call it the Bubba Dub experience. So thank y'all for tuning in tonight. Peace and Blessings. I see y'all again tomorrow. One The volume.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core Ultra Processors.


This song goes out to my new best pal PayPal. Now that I get 5% cash back with my PayPal debit card every month on the category I choose my PayPal and I we're going everywhere together because I want to pay with you everywhere I pay with PayPal at the shoe store, the Wind chime store, the.com store, all the stores. Oh, ah, don't just pay PayPal Terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Pay in Court Bank NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The following is a High five moment from high five casino.com. Welcome To Burger Yippy. Would you like a high apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah, I won. Woohoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I just went big time playing High Five Casino on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily reward. Over 1200 games. Woo. So Yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your High five moment today? only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino was a social casino. No purchase necessary. What we're prohibited to play responsibly? Condition Supply. See website for details. High five Casino.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 To apply.


This episode is brought to you by FX is the old man. The hit show returns starring Jeff Bridges and John Lithgow. The former CIA agent sets off on his most important mission to date to recover his daughter. After she's kidnapped the stakes get higher and more secrets are uncovered. FX is the old man Premier, September 12th on FX Stream on Hulu.