
Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. you turn on that switch. no one can stop you for more, check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premieres 24 7 on BET plus with the premium monthly plan. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring and hit original series. BET plus has Culture on Lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity finding facet immediately Put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do. Enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order. And that makes us fast for life. Now I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


The Volume. Yeah. Come on in. Yeah, I know it's bright and early shit but you need to get up off your A o. Yeah. Yeah. You need to get up off your a. Yeah, we're gonna work today. It's Thursday y'all come on in man. Hope everybody have a good night's sleep. Probably some of y'all just not getting home from work. Ain't be to go get sleep yet 'cause you done heard that your boy dove finger Go live. Come on in Hit the like button while you here. Yeah. Ain't nothing but a little. Click right there. Hit the like button. You know what I'm saying? You gonna hit the subscribe button. Yeah, yeah. Come on in. Chop it up with your boy this morning man.


You know we had some NBA games last night. We had the finger sun playing the LA Clipper Suns won 1 16, 1 13 went to overtime. Kevin Durant 36 years old. Yeah. Bad hurt. Durant balling last night. Hell 25 Booker Pistol 15. Bradley Big had 24 Clippers Clippers ain't got nobody over there but Pepper Pig, pepper Pig, bill Thad James Harden and I get it. This ain't the same James Harden five, six years ago. Trust me. We know that. Euro steps slow Don a motherfucker. Yeah. Pepper Pig built Thad James Harden is bigger than ever.


Nevertheless it was a ball game last night. Kevin Durant hit one of them shots to take 'em into overtime 'cause he was going back and forth last night. I really didn't think that the Clippers should have been even bigger in the game. But they was. I got to give Pepper pill built as hard in this credit. Ju Beak bogg out power pistol in 17 points. But the but but the real thing is before I get into what really happened, the Los Angeles Clippers was in they new stadium last night then Truitt Stadium, Steve Bomber the bigger $2 billion ringer got everything, every technology in the world in them. They got this what I don't understand, they got Steve Bomber got every technology in the world in them.


But he ain't got the right technology to, to go out and cure his number one player KA Leonard. Ka Leonard got the bones of a damn frog. Ka Leonard them missed 179 games since he joined the Clippers since 2019. But you can go out and spend $2 billion on a stadium but you can't go out and spend no money on no scientists and take Kauai Leonard to a lab and test his ass. That's all I'm saying. If I'm Steve Bomber, I got all this money, I'm calling my friend Elon Musk. What do y'all got in these robots that I could potentially put Kawai line so this nigga won't never get hurt again.


They give Kawai linen 50, 60 million. He ain't even, he ain't even earned it. You mean to tell me I can't fly my player. I can't fly my player somewhere in the South Africa somewhere like I on this table ka. Oh if you don't wanna cooperate, well I tranquilize your ass. Y'all going to put this computer chip in him and and test him out for about two months over here seeking he work out since you know hip his bones and shit. That man done missed 179 game Clippers thought they were going going to the farms. Why they had pg, they had ru see they had Clipper Darryl over Damnit. They had everybody over there and didn't do shit. Why?


Because he kept getting hurt and as a owner I don't think that's right. That Kawhi Leonard still get to make all this money and ain't played. So if I'm Steve Bomber, I'm calling Kakowa Leonard in my office. What's going on? If no I'm saying if I was to coach, if I was the owner this what I would do. Come on here me talk to you. What's going on, how you feeling? I'm feeling about the same. See I knew you were gonna say some shit like that. Ka. Why I knew that I got the jet gassed up. We going over to South Africa right now for a treatment. What kind of treatment? Don't worry about it nigga you going I take him over, have him lay him down on one of them tables and nothing and hook all this kind of technology up to him and I would heal Ka back to the game last night after, after Durant hit that, you know what I'm saying?


That shot to send them on and send them in the overtime. That's what KD do. Seven feet, seven foot, four wing span. Ain't nothing you can do with him so you just gotta take it was good defense but but at the end of the day that's Kevin Durant. Yo James Hardin came over at the end but he e big, you know what I'm saying? You ain't getting no hand in ke faces. See Right. Free throw line. That's money. That's a 50. What's that's a a 50 50% field go sugar, 40% three point sugar and a 90% free throw shoot free throws is is Jimmy's for KD but end of the game, end of the game James Harden got the ball in his hand 21 seconds left.


What did he do? Dribble the damn ball almost out. Run down there and throw a up like you going to make never if I'm Tyron Lou timeout when I get the ball calling the timeout and I'm drawing up a damn play and it's not for James Harden fat ass to go one on one. When every time I look around ESPN more show who I little quit showing that nigga he got on what I got on street clothes, all that. I said I I don't understand how he could be on the sideline. Let's go guys. Motherfucker stop cheering me up. You ain't never gonna play. You ain't in the trenches if I'm James Harden, I'm telling Steve mama to tell Koala Linda stay away from the team.


You ain't doing me no good Pam. You ain't doing me no good. Y'all want y'all correct me if I'm wrong though. Correct me if I'm wrong. All he doing is sitting on the sideline looking like this Koi. When you coming back? 2030. Cool. I ain't coming back to 2030 And some of you clip a fan. Still got hope. Let it go. Elgin Baylor rolling over in this damn grave right now. Elgin Brown fool over in this damn grave right now. CP three rolling over in San Antonio Burrito right now.


Got to give it to kg. Kg gonna go down probably. What do y'all got KD rank because I know y'all kind of fell out with Kevin Durant when he went to over there to Golden State and did what he did. But what do y'all rank Kevin Durant all time? Is he in your top 10? Is he in your top 15? Where do Kevin Durant rank all time for you? I gotta put him, I got him in my top 15. I got, he might be 11 or 12 on my list. I don't even wanna go on my list right now but we we'll get into it throughout the week but he 1112 on the all time that I gotta get it to Kevin Durant.


I just got to the other game I watched, I watched the books in the 76 ERs. Man let me tell y'all something man game little look more focused than he ever been. I know he had some off, off off the court issue with his wife and stuff and you know that that shit take a lot of you that take a lot outta you man your personal life. But last, last night he balled out Jonas balled out Bugeye Porters balled out. They ain't even got Middleton back yet. They ain't got Middleton back. Only thing that I don't like about Milwaukee Bucks is Dark Rivers dreads and they got Darwin Ham over there. Dreads D and Dumber coaching each other all over there.


Sixers shit Paul Jordan shit at the doctor's office. Joel and B at the doctor's office. If I'm the Sixers owner I do the same thing. I told y'all Steve mama to do, take them niggas down nigga South Africa, lay 'em down on them damn gurney and run tests on them. Put computer chips in them. Them niggas will be Teslas on the basketball court. I go holler Elon right now. Hey what's that chip you got them robots? I want you to put it in Joel LMB Paul Joy and Kaw. Them niggas will never get hurt again. Everybody wondering how they coming back. They could test them. They ain't going, they ain't gonna test, ain't gonna test positive for PD because it's a chip.


I, I'm on some genius shit this morning. I'm on some genius shit this morning thinking about what I'm selling. Y'all send them niggas down them get them chips pulled in them can't lose. You can't lose but back to the game bucks. I mean that what what you expect? Seven six's team hurt the app. Tyrese kin on only do so much. He put up 25. Drummer had 10, 10, 10 points. Kelly Oubre had 21 but man it, it is only so much you can do with D going for 30, you know what I'm saying? Like coming off screens hitting three you know sometimes he shooting it from the logo D shooting it from the logo.


I knew they was gonna ball out have a new fresh fade. His barber had some of that black paint in his head but he cleared it out with the chalk shit I knew me walking for run through them damn 76 er last night. I just knew that. But I just wanna say eventually what the 76 ERs could look like with pg, with Maxie with and be like I know it's gonna take time. It might be after Christmas before we really see a full 76 er team probably after Christmas when we see it. But if we get to see it, I can't wait to watch this matchup 'cause these gonna be the matchup that's gonna be in the playoffs eventually if it ain't do the injuries, the the bucks, you know what I'm saying? The 76 ERs, them type of teams.


I can't wait to see. I love Tyrese Maxey y'all he done bucked up over the summer and, and and granted he need it 'cause he gonna be behind the team for a minute now. So granted that what, what what y'all see last night and, and young and and and and and and D what y'all, what y'all see that one two punch. Don't forget Middleton still out. They got a great bench. Porus come in, chipped in that bug got Sun Gunn got a mogul man. Like that's the kind of player I like, I like, like Por Bobby Porus man run in do his job. Hustling, rebound high fiving ain't trying to hear all that boo. Nah. Ah we need, you need players like Bobby Porus on your team. He ain't gonna get enough credit from me.


Hey it's Lunchbox from Soar. Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars including the high performance 2025 Camry and capable affordable Corolla, you can experience a legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you feel good enough to go out there and play you turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream the best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Haslett and the Impact Atlanta. Starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dionne Cole and Diara from Detroit starring Diara Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder. Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs All ad free with a premium monthly plan. Black stars legendary throwbacks. And new series you'll love. From exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET plus


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. Under are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding


Just now tuning in. You should already hit the like button right night right now. Should gonna hit subscribe button right now. Yeah come on in man. It's Thursday morning. I'm going live. I'm going live again tonight after the game giving y'all double help. Lot of you men out here. I'm fora. Get on your head ladies. Ain't that many little on here but if it is I hope you got hair on your chin. Lemme tell y'all fella something man. Y'all stop getting a relationship with these women and not and they already got kids and you ain't saying nothing to 'em. They talking to you any way. They're disrespecting her. Got her going crazy or her falling out in the head. She ain't giving your head like you used to. 'cause her kid stressing her put something on them kids ass. Even if you got the call they fo look him.


I'm here now. I don't know. You don't know me but your kids gonna have to respect me dog. You know what I'm saying? I ain't trying to be like daddy or nothing but see I I done bout these niggas KC Popeyes several times. I'm gonna need you to come down here and talk to your kids or I'm gonna talk to 'em for you. Good. I'm being a man about this. You ain't gonna keep stressing my boy out. The main reason I thought with this whole because her attributes, her attributes what she had good head and good hair. Damnit. I want it every time now I'm getting half head, half hair. Her head hurt. She don't wanna go to work. She fussing and hollering at the kids all day. I'm not gonna pull up with that shit in my household in my apartment.


Not gonna do it. Not finna put up that in my apartment. I'm taking them groceries up and down the damn stir. Your cross side bad built ass son don't want to help me. I done bought him a P five from Aaron. Shit you gonna mind me or somebody else? Well you're gonna juvenile not gonna tell y'all man some good men gonna watching this show. Don't pull up with that shit man. You didn't pull up with your, with with, with your own kids. I got some older people watching. You didn't pull up with that shit with your old own kids. Don't you put up with nobody else kid. Don't you let them stress you out. You going to work each and every day bringing it home to this woman and her kid ungrateful you said the whole motherfucking family die and said look at him.


I took you from goddamn eating spaghetti to eating crab legs. I don't don't make me take you back. Don't make me take you back. You like the way that bubble you like the way you can dip that crab leg in that bubble and you and you and your girl like the way she could pull it up with the gloves on getting all nasty. Keep bullshitting. I introduced y'all to crab legs. I introduced y'all to frog legs. Ko learn about I introduce you to that. They done put you on octopus. I I did that red fist snapper. You were still eating white perks when you before you got with me fellas.


Damn. Stop letting these women do y'all like that. Stop letting them control y'all. You a man be the upper hand. Good morning though. If you ain't been doing nothing it's time for you to start doing what you're supposed to be doing. Quit waiting on your homeboy. Your mama, your daddy or somebody to give you something. Mama could go out and get it on your own. It feel better when you get it on your own now you ain't gotta worry about nobody calling you bothering. You got a phone call this morning, six in the morning. Bam. You got 75? Hell no I can't even get my kids up. Get them ready for school. Take them to get and all this and that and everything they want because this is different from between begging and needing help 'cause I help anybody that need help for a be calling me six in the morning for $75.


You need to go to work. It don't cost no $75 to go to work nigga. You trying to buy some dope with that. And I know it don't lie to me. Call me me honest with me. Don't y'all hate liars? I hate a liar. Be honest with me. Tell me fam look I'm damn bad right now man. I need, I need something. I'm trying to get high. Well I ain't, I'm real nigga. I'm gonna help you get high. I'm gonna help you get high. Whatever it is you want, I'm gonna make sure you get it. Dammit you won't get it. What the go and get it. But don't lie to me.


I need $75 to go to work man. What kind of job you got nigga? Y'all better be careful who you let around you who you associate with. Gotta be careful these days man. People be going out starting shit with other people nigga. Hey man pull up man. We having a good time. Whole time they beefing now them niggas riding through. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You don't know what's going on. You don't know what your cousin done started your phone ringing. Where you at man? I'm old fam out man. We might gonna get, I'm over there. He hot. What? I, I'll get leave. No. One thing I'm not gonna do is leave somebody like that.


I'm on wait so I dial 9 1 1. Wait till they got there then I left. Thank y'all Finn be riding by here harming ancient people. My anger in that high. My ain't got no legs man. My anger can't come out the house. Y'all get the blasting. My anger can't do all that. My bad. Y'all, I done did it. I done my bad. Just earlier this morning y'all my mind done went somewhere. I'm back running the Cowboys again. I get it. I get it. I know why you wearing that dress. I know, I know the the, the trauma they bring me. But I like it. I like, I told y'all like I ain't got it. I I I just really feel like this Sunday the cowboy going to beat the 49.


That's just what I feel. It's just what I feel maybe got, maybe it got to do with I know y'all hurt them damn 40 nigga is hurt. So if we run through y'all, I'm going to talk shit. I don't care about you not having no receivers, no running back, no offensive. I don't care. I hope we run through y'all. I ain't gonna, I'm boy I'm gonna brag all weak. I told you I don't mind taking advantage of people. I done got into a fight with somebody in the wheelchair before. Yep, yep, yep.


Sure did. I'm not gonna hold nothing back because you got a disability. Shit where your ass out Care about you being in no wheelchair. You can get these hands and I'm gonna feed them to you too. And I'm gonna move around too. I'm like Floyd, I'm gonna move around while you in that wheelchair because you gotta move that wheelchair soon. You can try to move your hand. Pow Yeah nigga I'm gonna get a whip and hit your fingers while you got your hands up. Put them damn hands up nigga. Shit, I don't fight that. I'm undefeated against people in wheelchairs. Do you understand me? I'm undefeated people that ain't in wheelchair, I'm on Sidney but people in wheelchair and and midget.


Shit. I'm undefeated nigga. I'll grab a midget in a minute nigga come here and hold him up against the wall. Boy you boy, if I love God, boy I, I put fear in midget's heart people in wheelchair. I grab him too. Just telling y'all how I'm feeling today. Man. My bad. I got off track. I supposed to be on sports. My bad. We gonna get back to it. We gonna, we gonna get back to it. Golden State Warrior ran through Portland last night. I feel so damn bad for Chauncey. Billups just got into the hall of Fame and you deserve it but your damn team ain't nothing.


Now Portland got the Nike app that that wasn't Nike in case y'all don't know the big Nike spot is out up there in Portland bro. And man you would think the team would be better than what they are but they not don this. They ran through them. And I do mean rain through. Chef Curry wasn't even cooking last night. Like that damn commingle was Buddy Hill was who they who they let oh for 10. Clay Thompson now go for Buddy Hill was shooting it. Fremont Green put in eight points last night. Wiggins put in twin Portland.


Man I I'm shit Paul Allen may rest in peace. You know he was the only, Paul Allen was the only fucking Seahawks in the Portland Trailblazers Man that nigga sell that damn Portland team man. Somebody man, you know, let let's Shaq buy Portland team or something man. You know somebody, some of these former football, basketball player get together and buy some team and and let's see what they can do. I see my boy T Mac and Vince Ger trying to buy in on the Buffalo bills. You know what I'm saying? I respect that. But I would would rather see them own a basketball team man Mike deport and Trailblazer or bring back Seattle or NBA expansion team or put a, you know, something like that man, like Seattle deserve another team up there man.


How y'all, how what y'all think about that though? Somebody like a Vince card or a Tracy McGregor or Shaquille O'Neal on the team and what would that team look like? Do you think they could be able to go out and scalp talent just like the other GMs do? It just something to think about. Man, I, I would love more. Nothing in the world would little more than seeing a a a black NBA owner again. You know Jordan held that tiger for a while. Jay-Z didn't even own what we thought he owned. He only own 1% but that was good marketing on his part. Acting like he really owned them when he didn't just great marketing scheme by Jay by ho.


But yeah man, I I, I wanna see more than one minority in the NBA. I wanna see several players that's really milking the game right now. Take advantage if you want to own a team they should be to own a team like LeBron should be to own a team or Kevin Durant. Like let's see what they can do. But NFL we know we got magic and he ain't the full owner but that's closest we we got to a black man owning a NFL team. I know Robert Smith could own one man, several players could own team man. I mean not several black people that could own teams or whatever but you know it is what he lives in that department. But yeah man, golden state man they gonna be, they they like another piece away from from because us Lakers problems again.


I mean it's just something about Golden State. I don't know what it is dog but man them motherfucker what? How many threes they hit last night? I think Golden State hit like what 20 threes last night. It's hard to pick a team when they hit 20 threes dog. Like they they pull up 139 mo ain't no defense If you watching today's NBA right now, there is no defense. So that's what the league want. They want high scoring game. That's just what you get. Ain't no defense pee. I'm hearing players say it is hard to keep somebody in front of you man get off the gas, you niggas just don't wanna work out y'all lazy. Y'all don't wanna move your feet, you move your feet going them damn banks and getting them far and go. I ain't knocking.


I do it too but I'm saying you're moving your feet then but on the basketball court you can let somebody go by you and then you just wanna squat. No move your feet down, move your mother fucking feet side to side. Do they let you slide And I don't understand it man. I don't understand these guy workout regimens they doing man. James Harden look like pepper pig. Y'all starting the NBA. You supposed to be in great shape at all times. I know we human, you get older, you gain a little weight but man you should come in in tip top shape. Ja James Harden know that euro step ain't working five years.


He keep doing the same old mother fucking move. He getting his fist slapped. He slapping nigga out band. Come on dog. Come on dog. And don't get me wrong, James Hardin was like that. He was, I can't knock it. James Harden was like that. He ain't that no more. All that skipping and happening and ain't doing no damn well if I'm Tyrone come on me. Yeah you nigga come on. Oh what's up coach? Shit your ass right here. I feeling play with you God damn. You think I'm playing here to play with y'all this morning? God damnit I'm not tell I look around y'all talking my big me let big me just some motherfucking rest.


All I'm hearing big meat snitch show that your daddy nigga you don't talk about that. About to give a damn about big meat snitches nigga. I ain't in the streets. Hell I woulda told to hell man need to come home and be a father to his son Damnit. That's what he doing. Everybody getting caught up man Su man big me to man. He ain't no real nigga man please ain't no such thing man Done did 20 something motherfucking years. Everybody else in there eating saltings and Roman noodles every day and everybody else back home eating crab leg and lamb chops and bur shoulders and I know y'all seen that nigga eating bur shoulders nigga crazy shit I ain't seen no evidence.


I don't know don't really care if he snitched or he don't. I don't give a damn big me home y'all. Hey it what it is. Anybody else that done sold dope and still in jail need to be released. It's the damn killers rapists and and and robbers for me. Niggas selling dope. Let's shit let them come home. America the biggest dope dealers in the world anyway but we ain't going even get any that. We ain't even get it in that. But you know I ain't lying. Niggas always want to judge somebody Me. Why, why, why, why, why LeBron praising big me. Shut up big. Me didn't go to prison until oh five. LeBron came into the league.


Oh three. You don't know LeBron that met me tonight. Been in the club with me. Y'all don't know that man. Oh man y'all be doing too much for me though. Y'all really are. How y'all feeling though man? How y I'm honest though. How y'all feeling though man it's Thursday man. God done blessed us to see another day man. God enjoy this shit. Somebody didn't wake up this morning. Somebody lost a leg last night. Somebody lost a arm last night. Somebody lost a loved one last night. Somebody woke up crying this morning. Y'all gonna be thankful you here man.


Some of y'all ought to be trying to get out y'all mama house man. Woman can't have a life. She can't have sex with a neighbor because your overgrown ass in there selling dope. Got frenchy dogs, all our outside shit nigga get your own spot. Time for you to get your own spot and go on and be a man. That's all I'm saying. Some of my older men on here, 45 50 and up hanging out with the boys all day. Coming home drunk. Ain't giving your old lady what she want. You better stop bullshitting. Well she give it to Jody.


Oh man because I talk to you Doug. Talk to me man. You know man that don't work like it used to nigga. All you got to do is stop at one of these Indian stoves, find you an Indian store. They got some shit they call royal honey pack. All you got to do is take take it. That's all you gotta do is take it fam. Change your whole motherfucking life so when you come home be miss Be better be Rigg. You know them old women named Biggie and shit and and you know what I'm saying? Yeah Be better. Be rid Dorothy ne better be ready go in no go, go and take you some go home, take you a shower 'cause she's probably in the bed with all the buns on her head and and reading the bibles because you ain't normally giving or nothing but that tonight the night you do it, you sur surprised you start rubbing on her feet.


She like oh Ernie what's done got you sh me and you 30 minutes of fun. That's when you put it on Betty motherfucking Nas. She gonna wake up and cook you breakfast. You watch pork sausages with the gonna go outside in that garden and work all day. You can put it down. Guess what? Not only is she feeling good, you gonna start feeling good again too about yourself. Yeah. Now that old heart feeling like it's young again now you can get out there with your grand boys and throw the ball in basketball.


Yeah, start letting yourself go down folks. It's time to pick. Drink some water nigga. And they go for me. I don't even never be drinking water but I'm drinking water now. Stop bullshitting. Going on Thursday night football tonight I'm going live after the game. Vikings damn Kins Ram Viking just lost last week to Detroit but they fired him. Sam Don been looking real damn good. Rams trash. Matthew staff look like he, he left over birthday cake. He ain't the same ever say Matthew Staff forgot that wing.


He ain't been the same. And I get it. Cooper Cup, Cooper Luck. They need some Cooper Luck. He been in trade talks too. He might not be there too much longer. Sean McVay offensive Junior might be. We ain't seen it. The last three damn yield.


It's Ray from the Bobby Bone Show here to tell you that the National sales event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4. Yeah available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander seating up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more of this national sales event. The deals are there when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. That's buy a toyota.com Toyota let's go places.


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy


What's popping. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you for more. check out Bose dot com.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience exclusively on BET plus stream the best in black culture on a college budget. 365 days a year on BET plus. BET plus is the number one black streaming service with over 1 billion hours streamed. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring in HIT original series like Tyler Perry's Zima starring Deval Ellis and Crystal Renee Haslett and the Impact Atlanta. Starring Ari Fletcher Light-skinned Keisha and Gloss up. Get into the mystery dramas with average Joe starring Dionne Cole and Diara from Detroit starring Diara Kilpatrick Stream exclusive movies like Ruined with Carrie Hilson as well as top rated black thrillers like Love and Murder. Atlanta Playboy starring Tay Diggs All ad free with a premium monthly plan. Black Stars legendary throwbacks. And new series you'll love. From exclusive originals to unforgettable classics with over 2,500 hours of black content. BET plus has it all. Black culture is streaming 24 7 on BET plus


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding.


Put the gang of night on Prime Vikings Ram. Who you got going with the Vikings? I know they still mad about that loss. They just had went down to the end. I feel like they'll go to la It gotta go across across the world but I feel like they'll win tonight on the Ram. I know I got some Ram fans in here right now but you and I know Matthew staff know I look the same. Yes, he's getting up in age but right now the Vikings, I think it's the better team right now. I think they'll come in tonight, take care of business and there's been some trash thirsty night games. Let me just be honest. Hopefully this game really lit. Hopefully this game is is one as a shoe guy. I would rather this game be a shootout tonight to be just quite ish with you.


So tap in tonight after this game I'll be going live. You know the night you got the thunder back to the NBA. You got the Thunder playing The big badass Mavericks. Yeah. Shy local shit. Kyrie, they got Clay Thompson over there now. Hell Dallas got Clay Thompson your ass up there now They see he get them over there Hump. They got as year but they couldn't do nothing with them. Damn. Shit. Let's see, I'm happy. Let's see if this addition of Clay moves the needle just a little bit. Fucker married Donda forgot about you the other night.


I'm sorry y'all won the best teams in the West last year. I don't see why. No reason why y'all won't be this year. Let's see. Can y'all duplicate what y'all did last year? Ja Jaic? Did y'all see Ja? Y'all see them Rs? They played Utah last night. Jaic didn't have the best shooting game but boy he he he back they had, he found out though 5.5 rebound Big seven Foot they got, they got some other guy named Alderman had 27 hit five three balling. Look out for Memphis Ley Elvis is back McKinna for Utah. We know what he can do.


That white boy got something that white boy McKinney got something up there in Utah. But Grizzly took care of business. They won by two. Was a good game though. But I'm just psyched to see Ja Wick back on the court. I'm I'm, I'm It's good to see him back at the at at on the gun range bro. Like it's a beautiful thing because before all of them incidents happened, Ja Wick was from a bigger face of the NBA. They was trying to make this man the face of the NBAI think he can get back to that status this year. Get Memphis back rocking and rolling. The city of Memphis need this right now. There's too much going on down there. Memphis with the death of do Ch Cornelius talking ass and Toll everything.


It's a lot going on in Memphis right now and the city ain't right and hopefully this can bring some excitement back to the city. I've been going down there sneaking in there because Memphis ain't a motherfucker boy. I've been sneaking down there and and the barbecue gonna taste the same no more. It don't. Them damn potholes worse than they ever been down there in Memphis. And we need some excitement back down there in Memphis right now because you know yo Gotti ain't coming down there. Never, never Moneybag yo and Big 30 done, done, done, done Split. He done got rid of Finesse. Shit Memphis need Memphis in trouble. So I think if the Memphis grids can get back to where they was two or three years ago, the city that started building back excitement about people start back barbecuing with love again.


Now they queing with Bulletproof vest on and shit. I don't blame them. You know what I'm saying? Nigga can't even go out there and barbecue because they might get shot. Ain't that something? You wanna pull your pig out, you can't even do it because you might get shot. You can always move. Nigga move down nigga Mississippi. Niggas down there in Mississippi ain't shooting like they doing in in Memphis and y'all know it. Niggas running the South Haven damn in Memphis ain't running down Mississippi committing them crimes like that. They know police down there bullshit. Mississippi get caught Mississippi. What is it? October We see your ass March no different down in Mississippi.


I don't walk around as anybody in Memphis to run. You over there to Miss Mississippi. Shit boy they as shit like Booger man over there. I ain't going over there for I'm gone. She Yolo definitely carrying Memphis right now. Ain't nobody big Boogie. Yeah big dude. Yeah big dude Jam. Lemme tell you something man. If y'all old lady fuck around and get with Big Boogie, it's over. That nigga be dancing do you hear me? Shit my girl can't even hug big dude that's my homie can't even come around him.


He doing too much dancing for me because I can't dance. I'm stiff not going to be able to do it. Ain't going to be able to do it shit Thursday damn fucker go down here, get me a big bottle of 1942. Damn big bottle of 1942 all got three or four little Caesar pieces for her. Tell your kids they're on me a night. I can't, I like going over whole house when her kids get on the phone with they Dagg and they and I start talking, I lie y'all want some more pizza?


Y'all want some more soda? I'm thinking y'all shopping tomorrow. I'll be on that other side Caping. That nigga wanna know who is that in the background. That mama boyfriend. How is he? Shit he cool. He cool Dad. He buy us everything. He even let us, he even got us a PS five. That other nigga on the other line ain't going like that damn soon they get off the phone. So you really taking the shopping? Never, never. But y'all already know man. If you watching this show man, you know what I'm saying. We presented by Pics man going download the number one sports vacancy app right now.


Right below as you see. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs man. Yeah, yeah my first time users man you get $50 when you, you get $50 instantly man. When you put in $5. Can't beat it. $5. I'm getting 50. Come on now man. Yeah Gogo, it's more or less on your favorite player where more or less on they stats. Simple as that man. Tap in. If you can't watch this show then you know you can catch me on Apple podcast, you can catch me on Spotify. Just type in bubble do. Boom there. I'm I'm in your face. Tell y'all man I'm giving I'm look ain't nobody doing this going live in the mornings and I'm going live in night that way you can't miss me but I need you to do me some do me a favor.


If you're watching right now Sugar doesn't hit the light button right now. Should be in the comments talking shit. 'cause you know I'm talking my shit. Doing what I do now. This is part of the show. What we call, hell no send me my fans write me. I gave y'all the number yesterday. 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51. My fans can text me and ask me hell no questions and it is one of my fans hit me up Bubba do would you eat sexy red? Hell no. I jump in the water with one of them motherfucking arms. Hammerhead sos before I eat Sexy Never. I like her too. I ain't gonna lie. She fine and all that. I got more. Somebody ask me Bubba would you eat Mayon age on your hamburger?


Hell on. No. I'll not hate man age. Hate it with passion. I don't even like to look at it man. Miracle will none of it. Look at y'all man. You tripping man. We love man. I don't, I told you I don't nigga what you eat don't make me shit. I don't want it. Shit. Make me throw up man. I want no motherfucking mind aid man. I don't wanna do it. Hell no. Somebody ask me do I like cold coochie. Hell no. I'm gonna warm coochie. That's what I want. Hell come. I like doing it in the morning because my breath be hot when I blow on it it warms it up just like grits.


Come here, come here. I eat that moose knuckle off. Come here in the morning eating moose knuckle. You goddamn right. Have her eyes like you. You going to work her phone ringing my phone ringing my mama calling me block. I answer. I'm eating most knuckle shit. Enjoying this shit trash every day. Going to Tyrone Lou Trash for not drawing up a play at the end of the game. Putting the ball and Pepper Pig Bill Thad James ho You you're wrong for that Tyrone Lou you are you a champion.


You had Kyrie LeBron, Kevin, love Richard Jefferson. You had all them. You had Dwayne Wade for a little bit over there and you can't draw up a play at the end of the game in a new $2 billion stadium. Steve B clapping like he got to Rich. I don't know some ain't right with the boy. I know he rich, he genius. Some ain't right with Steve Bomber. I'm gonna tell you. Some ain't right. That motherfucker clapping and jumping up and down ain. Motherfucker really need a helmet. That billion nothing need a helmet and y'all know it. Somebody ain't right with Steve Bomber boy. I'm telling you right now. That motherfucker need written. Steve Bomber need written.


Yeah yo. What y'all, y'all act like billionaires can't be thrown off. Shit. Y'all act like billionaires can't be thrown off in the motherfucker. Y'all into all kinds of shit. You calling like I see it on my show. We're gonna keep it 100 nigga on The, Bubba, Dub Show. Yeah I gotta be a realist Cowboy fan Love to death but they ain't worth for. Damn. I gotta be a realist. You want somebody to lie to you. Go to the mother show. This ain't the one. We're gonna keep it 100 at all times over here. We're going to have fun. We're going to laugh. We might even cry some damn time when you cry. I cry.


We cry together. Shit. Say what y'all want. Ja Rule Jam until 50 K, 50 k do Crush. Ja we gonna to the end. You near Grove was singing every Ja Roots song that it was your baby girl pulling it on. Man you nigga was jamming that 50 came down with that Ster Cancel Christmas nigga start throwing Murder Inc. City everywhere. Get get put that get richer without trying in man wish there on me in my eye dog.


I can't see. I'm just Destin to be and trying to take my life away. I put up with me. Hey man. One of the hardest albums ever dropped. One of the hardest ever, ever dropped. Somebody said J-Lo was the end of Ja Rule Shit. You probably right speaking to J-Lo. She with did it too. Oh yeah, they got tapes. This ain't nothing. I'm just saying they got tapes of J-Lo N in the bedroom.


Hell Jeanie from the block Jeanie was taking. That's my time, man. This your bubble dub. I love y'all. See y'all again tonight. When after the game, the rounds and the Vikings Peace love out The Volume


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. Finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do. Enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order. And that makes us fasting for life. Now I guess visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SSEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current FT members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


If you are ready for an Epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET plus with the premium monthly plan. Watch your favorite celebrities and influencers on BET plus starring and hit original series. BET plus has Culture on Lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks and new series you'll love


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too and they release new games every week. So spice things up with Chumba Casino dot com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.