
Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Saud, CEO of Tuby. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if You can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume. Good morning everybody. Welcome to the bubble Dove Show baby. Yeah, good morning. Get your rabbit ass up. Come on, you ain't got no damn job. Get up. God done blessed us. Work another morning to wake up and some of you woke up bitter. Why is you doing that? You want him to call you home because he'll when you wake up in the morning you supposed to be happy. Thank you your heavenly Father for blessing me to see another day. Some of you waking up mad. Don't need to wake up mad. Wake up happy baby.


Some of you say ain't no reason to wake up happy. I woke up broke. Well go get to the money then. You can't take that money with you when you die. Get your ass up and get to the money. Put you some apps in, get you lawn mower or a wig and go door to door and knock and mow some damn yards Or you can go get you some work. But it's consequences when you get that work in your hands. You see You can never get full on the devil's blessing but with the good Lord blessing You can get full and go to bed but however you get your money, get your money coming to y'all day.


The Houston Rockets beat the Golden State Warrior last night and I must say Dre must have cooked Jaylen Green, some fried pork chop, some green, some potato and Rose last night because he got home came back with 38 8 threes. I thought James Harden was back in eighth town last night the way Jaylen Green was playing. Yado Yoka is one of the best coaches in the NBA right now. He right up under Greg Pop pedigree of coaches that's in the league right now. When I tell y'all I have not seen no team in the NBA play defense the way they played defense on Steven Steph Curry.


I ain't never seen it. Curry didn't even wanna shoot last night. Why he had a P in his damn face. And that's the way you play defense. Give a damn how good you're, I'm gonna be all up on your, I'm on your ass like back pockets Good game. Last night a time pulled it out. Isha Butler got hurt, fell on his ass. I thought he was gonna come back here nigga you already got butt shots and shit. You all gonna be good. You falling on your ass. You should bounce right up. But he didn't left the game then come back. Let me say this right now. I thought Golden State had a chance but if Jamia Butler do not play no more, this series, this series over this series is over and I'm telling you what guy I love Butter Hill Re I watched Butter Hill rung up and down the damn court and and for 18 minutes and gave them five damn points.


They ain't gonna get it nickel, they ain't gonna get it. I don't know. I don't know what game y'all saw. I saw single for the Rockets. The big man, golden State ain't got nobody for him. What's the other guy? Tyre Easton came off the bench for the Rockets 14 big buckets last night. That's what you got to do. Do you hear me? That's what you gotta do. Four out five star for H Town was in double figures last night. It was a beautiful thing to watch the Houston Rocks series up at one one. Draymond Green is one of my favorite players in the league. Not because he gonna score hit a couple three shout out to Draymond but because that nigga like to get active, I like a nigga like Draymond.


Draymond that kind of nigga when he come into school he looking for whoever he got a problem with and that's what I like wish I could have if I had that kind money. I hire Draymond Green as my security thought go and get it and you bet not lose either because if you lose when you come back over here and me you got deal with me. Damn. Tell y'all me some something when your girl come home talking about her home girl and got into it with such and such and y'all need to go over there and help 'em. No you stay your ass at your own damn house. That's their problem. If that nigga beating her ass, let him beat her ass over there because if you go over there and he touch you, that mean I got in and I'm not getting in that shit coming home running to me.


Look at my eye baby. What the hell you think he'd do to me? What you think he would do to me if he did that to you? Mind your business and another thing Ace Town. I don't like that. I seen that. I seen y'all put up a a a Ace town Mount Rushmore and didn't have little Keke on it. Trash. How you gonna not have little Keke on the mountain? Rushmore in a town. DJ Screw rolled over in his God grave right now. Him in that pack in Big Hole. Come here Big Poke too. You gonna have Keke on on Rushmore of a trash and you better put roll on that motherfucker too.


I don't wanna hear that. He from Mo bitch all this town to me. The DI don't look everybody that was on there I love but y'all better add little Keke and zero on that. I know that y'all done got beside y'all damn self. Don't leave little Keke south side chuck off the doses. Huh? Is that what we doing? Come on a time. Everybody got double cups going from You can slay. That's going from the south side.


Everybody at that game last night. Piece of chain starts down double cup up. Come on baby. It's the disrespect y'all be having for people and I don't like it. I'm the type of man I see bullshit. I'm gonna call it out. I'm gonna call out every damn time. I love Thug. I love Paul Walk. I do but God Damnit put Keke and Ro on them H Town Rockets. Y'all gonna win this series. I know my Golden State fans y'all gonna want to hear this but God damnit you need to hear y'all. Y'all probably win one more game. Golden State. It's gonna end at six though.


It's gonna end in six. Watch what I tell you and another game coming on the too. Oh yeah God Knucks in the couples the nuggets will lose again tonight. Goddamn Koala his back Harden gonna ball out tonight. Harden ain't been to them strip clubs in a while no more. He focused God damnit his bird don't smell like ass juice no more. You watch James Harden, he gonna buy 35 points tonight. Hell, that's what I see. Nuggets finished. Yo is ready to get his ass back to where he from. Yogi don't give a damn about basketball.


Yos wanna go there and ride horses. Well let your your big ass can go. No niggas ain't doing no motherfucking thing I need, I need the Clippers to knock off the goddamn nuggets for me because I'll take care of the little brother. I'll take care of the little brother. I'm not worried about Minnesota the Great Lakes I'm not worried about. They gonna be fishing all them Great Lakes in Minnesota. Minnesota. They gonna have time to fish Aunt Man and all this kids can go fishing. Conley old. You finna retire? Go. You wanna get Joe come here but I'm looking for the Clippers to go up two to one tonight.


That's what I'm looking for. That's what I'm expecting. They gonna be at home in that new or ringer out there in LA Clippers. Man I'm I'm just, I'm just ready to see James man. I'm just seeing Kawhi back in his back in in just back in the environment. You know he been hurt throughout the years. Been ridiculed never, You know, just never could get healthy. Nice healthy in the playoffs. He got James Hart over there, got Powell over there, got AK over there. Ty Lou, You know he's a, he got a ring as a coach coach. I look for the nuggets to win this series and I look for the Clippers to win this series in, in in six. I really do. I don't think it's gonna go seven. I look forward in six. This next series we got with with with the with with the Thunder and and and the Memphis grizzly.


Memphis ain't winning no goddamn game. I don't give a damn how much barbecue they try to give away down nigga night. It ain't going fucking work. They getting Swift and Jain can work on all the gunshot army base moves he want in the out season but his season the finger be fucking over man. It ain't man kind of team Oklahoma got it ain't fire bro. They got about, they got about an eight man rotation. Ain't nothing You can do with what gonna do with sha.


What gonna do with Sha 6, 7, 6 8 point coming down court crossing you over going into the hole step back mid. Right. You can't do nothing with this lot. Little skinny as then you got Jaylen Williams over there another six eight. What going do with him? Top of the key, bottom of the key. Come here nigga take Memphis off goddamn damn TV and I love Memphis but they need to take him off tv. Them good people down there in Memphis don't deserve that shit man. They don't. Nicks y'all going up there to Detroit tonight. Y'all better win.


Fuck around, lose to Detroit. Your ass in trouble. Give damn about Fat Joe 50. None of 'em going to the damn game. That ain't gonna work. Spike Lee, Jason, Lee, Nathan, Lee, Lakers and five Oh got something for y'all. You have 35 5 at night fa you a cat, you two goddamn soft. When you gonna be a goddamn lion got the name of a cat but you a goddamn pussy cat on the court though. Be a lion. Big six 10. Six 11 softs bun having that ass nigga all in the mirror.


Fuck the mirror Nick get out there and hoop. Get out there and hoop making hundreds of millions of dollars and y'all act like y'all don't wanna win. Bitch y'all want it. I wanna be great. I wanna win every game I take. Y'all seen them MJ reels Michael Jordan going hard for 400. Bitch me Niles making two 300 men they don't wanna compete. Stop it and I mean stop it. What we doing y'all? Yes we gotta entertain but we gotta win too.


I'm trying to take your damn head off. Couldn't be me my teammates bullshit. I choke you in UNC voice. I choke you and UNC boys. Y'all act like y'all don't wanna win shit come here you bring your ass in this locker room. Hey news party gotta watch out for me. Lock them doors. Lock them doors post a bigger starter but you got self motherfucking points. I on the bench can't get in but if I get in I'm gonna give it all I got. That's the problem with some of us. We get in the game and we gonna give it all we got.


Why not? Ain't no different when you get you a nice young lady you want impress. I'm taking every pill I got. Yeah I'm gonna to make her tell me. I don't know what done got into, You know what got into me them damn supplements they they pork it really do work. See that's that make you hit mood. You know You can do. I know I'm stiff. I know I can't dance but you wouldn't know that in bed though. I'm stroking. Stroking from east, stroking from the west stroking to the woman that I love.


I be stroking. You think I'm pastor when I'm in the bedroom away I'm sweating when I get done come here. When I get done she wipe me down. Yeah. Little bullshit boy. Come here. Had a big white girl the other morning cook me breakfast, Real Talk. It was nasty but I ate damn weight afterwards. We went and played golf riding around on the golf course with Mandy, her and Blue Eye. Yeah come here her milkshake bring all the boys to the yard. God damnit I'm here white man coming up and shaking my hand. But I don't know who you is brother but you got a nice little fine ass with you Dave.


You want me to tell Barber you looking at the you I nigga are you? Why can I help you? I need alone. How much? 1.5 million. I'm trying to put something together. I know you got a good friend at J Bank. Put a good word in. Fuck me. My Craig is 81. You reckon that's the white people favorite word you reckon Mandy got a friend? She do and she'll do every goddamn thing you want to do but You can make sure I get that 1.5 million loan and when I get that goddamn loan when I come back to my hometown, all my friends and family that I fuck with, that I fuck with. You ain't gotta worry about nothing else. I got you.


When I say I say I'm coming, be ready. Don't be ready when I get there. You getting left. Not playing with y'all. I'm signing on calls. How y'all feeling today man? Yeah You can watch a game with me. I'm gonna be at the H time game too. Game five. I'll be at the Hce time game in H time. Front row. Yeah Courtside come here.


You can catch a game with me if you wanna go hit me, DM me but make sure you go and sign over. Prize picks you my promo code trash with the two Hs. Y'all what? Waiting on one again last night. You more or less on your favorite player tonight. Ka Leonard playing. Probably got him down for about 25 a night. It's even more or less. Yo might have him down. See with yo you gotta take points, rebounds and assist with him. You got to be smart at this shit. Don't just take him on points, take him on everything and nigga show you what he did the three or four, five games before and they'll let You know man maybe I should take it. Maybe I shouldn't but go to prize bitch baby. I'm promise you you we'll win.


And if you can't watch this show, go to Apple Podcast, go to Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show and there I am. Listen to me man. Get these up man. Get these up for you boy. Show me some love baby. Hit the like button through the algorithm. Get in the comment session for your boy now at night. You know the trap coming up. All this talk about Shado, God damnit, don't matter where he go, he gonna do his damn fight.


We asked parents who adopted teens to share their journey. We just kind of knew from the beginning that we were family. They Showcase the sense of love that I never had before. I mean, he's not only my parent, like he's like my best friend At the end of the day it's all been worth it. I wouldn't change Thing about our lives. Learn about adopting a teen from foster care. Visit adopt us kids.org to learn more. Brought to you by Adopt US Kids, the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Ad Council.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if You can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In the fall of 1986, Ronald Reagan found himself at the center of a massive scandal that looked like it might bring down his presidency. Did you make a mistake in sending arms to Teran, sir? No, no one Was Let go. It became known as the Iran Contra affair. And I'm not taking any more questions. And just a second I'm going to ask General. I'm Leon Nafo, co-creator of Slow Burn. In my podcast fiasco Iran Contra, you'll hear all the unbelievable details of a scandal that captivated the nation nearly 40 years ago. By which few of us still remember today The things that happened were so bizarre and insane. I can't begin to tell you. Please do To hear the whole story. Listen to fiasco, Iran Contra on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I took a goddamn ous coach. I say got not GOD y'all. Y'all gotta start listening to it because y'all be on me man. You quit saying guy's name. I'm saying got, You know our tongue tied, can't really talk. God, you understand what I'm telling you though. Took a ous coach To pull out that bullshit about your door That he thinks he all that he supposed to think that I You supposed to Think you that man. Do you Think you do you, when you go in the house with with your girl or your wife, you supposed to feel like you the best man ever for her and God it she supposed to feel like that too. So if I'm a quarterback and I go to a a, a school that ain't won a motherfuck thing in seven years and I take to eight to I'm feel like I'm him.


I feel like I'm him when I'm on that knuckle. I feel like I'm on him when I'm on that. This ain't trash. I feel like I'm him when I'm on that road spot. God damnit, every day I wake up I feel like I'm him. And if you waking up not feeling like that, you got a problem. But the problem is this young black man got everything you got and you 50, 60 years old and you're jealous because this man got everything you got and he ain't even as old as you but you jealous. He ain't that good. 4300, 4300 yard, 37 tv, 10 interception. We one of the trash lines in the college. He ain't nothing. Stop it.


Y'all wasn't saying that shit about slow last Tom Brady when you come outta Michigan, you wasn't saying that shit about I can't run a 5 8 40 Peyton Megan. Y'all was saying that about them white boys. But when you give a young brother in them with some swag, with some energy with guy in his life, y'all don't like it. Y'all doing everything y'all can to keep this man from being drafted in the first round. I don't give a damn wood drafted man. Pull him on the team and God watch him lead. Watch him lead.


Ain't no difference in the bible. When everybody was running the John the Baptist, John the Baptist, John the ba. What did he say? It's a man that come before me. Who lashes I'm unworthy to Unti who he was taught my Jesus. We gonna have church every day on this show until y'all understand. I wouldn't be nothing without that man of up above. I wouldn't be nothing without y'all supporting me with both of y'all. I can't lose. So if somebody out there watching this show right now and you dog and now you're now God damnit don't give off.


It's never too late. Who you wanted in the club You can get go back next week and give. She'll be down. She'll beat down Anding. My heart belongs to you. Come on. I might not see him but I got money. They gonna make a telephone ring. Come here, ring your big bag ass here and two you women between this makeup and filters. Stop it. I had to call laws on a motherfucker earlier. Went to bed with Beyonce but I woke up with Wendy Williams.


What the fuck going on? I woke up stalking. Do you hear? I woke up stalking. She talking my good morning. Scared the fuck outta me. I thought I was getting robbed. I said all the money in the safe, take it off. She talking about nah dub this me, let me see your id. Matter of fact let's wait till the police get her to verify it's you because this ain't the motherfucker I went to bed with. I pulled her feet back, pulled the cover back. This bitch feet bigger than mine. Talking about you want, you want some goddamn Christian Louis Vuitton shoe. Bitch you need some Crocs. You big feet asshole. Need Crocs.


It don't make sense no more to me y'all. It just don't make sense to me no more. What's going on out here in the world. Oh I don't know why you even offer to give a goddamn white girl 10 million if you ain't done nothing wrong. Why you offering that? I know she scared you but don't give a nothing. Don't you give a raise them potato salad, unsweet tea drinking God familiar to eating that white girl. Nothing. Huh? You fight. You fight to the end nigga in the name of Malcolm XA lie. We fight, we gonna give up, we gonna lay down, we lay down, we ride we king.


If your woman ain't treating you like a goddamn king, let her go. I wake up in the morning Miss, I want you to wash my face for me. Wash my teeth for me. Yeah. Pat me on fat. I'm the bread, I'm the lion. I gotta protect. Ain't that what the lion do out there in safari. Protect. Who used see eating the lion. Him and his cubs. They eating The lion is even though they made the kill, they gotta wait. That's how it gotta be in real life. Stop waiting on folks to do something for you. Go and do it your damn self. I got resources, I'm cool with Floyd. I'm cool with a couple nigga. But I ain't waiting on no motherfuckers. I'm waiting on him nigga I'm gonna do it.


You was a champion in the ring nigga. I outside this ring. I tear your ass up nigga. And I ain't talking about with this, I'm just talking about working at Ethic and doing this and doing that. Stop waiting on folks and go and do it yourself. Have a lot of people kicking me up. Duh. You should call Floyd Neville. Floyd relaxing the remember retirement calling nobody for no damn help. I don't need help. I'm good. See people always want to use somebody to get something. No. Hey Doug, you Think you can help me? Never. I'm using my money for my own projects. I'm not funding nobody else projects no more. I tried that. Y'all niggas what? I couldn't satisfy y'all niggas. I give you this next week.


You want this the next week. You want that ni not doing it no more. Letting people use me no more. I've been used enough. So if you out there now you're being used. Put a stop to it. I ain't just talking just to be talking. I know I been used, I allowed it. Not lying at no damn more. If you ain't ain, God damnit, you just ain't ate. But I'm gonna to steak. 48. Yeah 1942 me come lamb chops come lobster, mac and cheese come Godda. I gotta have asparagus. I have it fried, I have it. I want it all on the table.


I don't give a damn just me girl. I want it all. When somebody in there ask me can I have some never. I take my belongings and take it out there and give it to a homeless person before I feed a nigga that can help they self. I wanna feed the people who can't help they self. You can help yourself. You ain't getting nothing. But if you can't help yourself, I'm gonna help you. Just telling you the truth. Telling you how I feel now. Somebody hit me up today. I seen that Doug, would you rather go out there and fight a straight cat or fight your baby mama boyfriend? I'd rather fight that goddamn straight cat and deal with that crazy ass nigga. And no, I be trying to pull up and see my kids.


He don't even wanna let me see him. Get your ass off over him. Bye. I'm gone. Ain't gotta tell me no goddamn more. She calling me. Where you going? That nigga told me got my ass. Get my ass off over him And I'm lying. Not finna have me on big deal no more get knocked out and shit. I'm not doing that no more. I been, I've been through that. I'm not coming around unless I got my security guard with me when I got my security guard. We can do whatever you niggas do. But when I ain't got my security guard, I'm a full-time Jehovah Witness got my pamphlet nigga. I ain't trying to fight. I'm here for God for je for Jehovah.


Yeah. I'm a bad motherfucker when I got here but when I'm by myself, I man, I ain't on that shit. Don't y'all get tired of hurting people? Don't y'all get tired But when I got the upper hand I'm not trying to hurt none of that shit. Goddammit, do what you do. Don't what I pay you to do. That's the kind of time I'm on. I'm on that real time square bitch. But Jimmy Butler hurt y'all. I and Nick fell on his ass last night. I know that shit hurt. But I know he had a little bit of boo boo come out. I he had to the way he fell that shit boom. Oh shit.


I, I woke my white bitch up. Bitch wake up the hell you doing sleep bitch we in the hood. You can't be sleeping comfortably in no motherfucking hood. Don't you hear them gunshots out there. We could be Nicks ho. Oh I like danger. I be you God. White folk problem. You like danger. You like taking y'all bag asses out there. Wyoming not there. Well just to embarrassed spray this gonna hold a 900 pound animal NA god bird to to ass. Oh. With nothing left but the camera. Y'all keep ro out there messing with God's nature. You gonna die and I'm gonna be right here to talk about it too.


God damn right Joe Rogan, you love burs. You take your baldheaded bag ass out. You so bitch you and God damn it go lie when you out there too around that bro. Matter of fact, poor honey on your goddamn body too since you like bur so much Yo Rogan go out there don't be no more goddamn Joe Rogan. Never. I'm telling you now. Keep playing with fire. You gonna get burned. You keep playing with fire, you going to get burned. Yeah, I'm right. Don't fuck with them burning. I'm telling you now. But I got one shit. She old school though. That's the thing though. She, unc had that young motherfucker.


I got a old school Mandy, she retired school teacher Real Talk without they makeup. You think that motherfucker from the Adam family? I'm not bullshitting you. I got a white woman right now without that makeup. She look like she from the Adam family. That's why I sleep with her at nighttime. I moved the room real dark. Come here, y'all right. Y'all putting no makeup on. Come here, come here. She like, she told me I like the way you make me feel. God damn right. I'm all up two inches. I'm up scratching my back up. Come my mama calling me baby. I need to go to the doctor. Shit, I seen you Uber.


I'm not going, I'm with Mandy and when we get done, we going down to a feed store to get me some goddamn my horse needs else niggas. I hear bull shitting going on in the world crying and complaining about this and that. You problem. You ever looked in the mirror wondering why shit ain't going right in your life. You a problem man. You a problem. Especially if you bigger and and mad and angry all the time and ain't never got nothing good to say. And, and and, and not trying to help people. You a problem wonder why you can't get blessed. You a problem wondering why your cars and trucks and having problem at your job.


You can problem look in the mirror when I mess up. I admit when I mess up my faults, I I'm I'm flawed. I'm not perfect. I do shit wrong. But I don't deny it though. I don't hide. Hi, I'm the type of man, you see me do something wrong Dub hey, that ain't right dog. That ain't right. Let's fix that. Yes sir, yes ma'am. That's me. You never see me on here disrespecting my elders. I don't care how bad they talk about me or what they say. I'm not gonna disrespect my elders. I i I come up on a different from that. I respect everybody. If I'm at the store, I see old women, the old men walking to the store.


I open the car door, open the doors for 'em or whatever it is, man. I just wanna show my love and respect and I think that's what the world is missing is love and, and and respect for one another. We not doing that no more. We, we, we, we feel like we better than everybody. I'm not opening the door for them. Nah, we're not doing our that We not praying the righteous prayers no more for people. Man. You ain't got to know somebody to pray for 'em. Lord, heavenly father bless such and such. I pray that whatever illness they got you, you take it away from 'em and and put it in a, a coyote that already got rabies or something. Just be positive man. I'm so happy to wake up and come over here and talk to y'all and have fun and laugh.


And that's the beauty of life that I prayed to God that I would be able to do. And I'm doing that. My journey is different from your journey. You know what I'm saying? Your, your, your, your your journey might be able to. You might be a nurse. You might start out as a cn, a CNA. Now you A LVN, now you a rn, now you a doctor. It's always steps to this shit. I ain't just get hurt. I had to work, work. Go, go here, go there, go here, go there and work. Fall down, get back up, fall down, get back up, fall down, get back up. It's the getting back up for me. It's the getting back up for me when my man go down. It's the getting it back up for me.


Watching her, getting him back up for me. You want get him. He coming now, but God keep playing with him. He be hard. Clay in the minute. Get him back. You bad motherfucker. You women, shit, You can long well get him back up then. I bet you get him back up this goddamn time. He won't go down so easily. I promise. I promise You. Can we stay in India anymore because my foundation is solid. When your foundation is solid, you can't follow baby. You hear me? You can never follow baby. Never believe that.


Thank y'all for tuning in today's show. Appreciate that. DI see y'all again tonight after the Lakers. Key Kad Lorenzo. I appreciate it. Any birthdays on here? Shout out to John Jackson. Happy birthday. Hope everybody have a blessed evening and I see y'all again later on tonight. GP calling out. Man, man, man, y'all don't know how y'all make me feel man. I the spirit come over me sometimes, man. I know I get off track. I know I talk about this and that and talk about God, but I got good intentions man. And, and, and my intentions is for us to all win. And You know it's not gonna always happen. Some of us might not have more than others and that's okay. You can be rich in spirit. You can be rich, rich in health.


Just man, y'all continue to keep rocking with me man. 'cause I'm rocking with y'all, man. Like I say this Friday night, I'm in Atlantic City. Saturday night I'm in Baltimore. Megan Knight in Mega 10th. I'm in Tacoma, Washington, man, y'all, y'all grab 'em tickets support me man. And I really do really, really do appreciate all the love y'all giving me. And I want to give it back to you any way I possibly can. But I see y'all lay on the night peace. Listen them out The Volume.


Hear that. That's the beginning of a journey, powered by the confidence that comes from driving a vehicle so reliable. It's backed by a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty where your journey ends. Well, that's up to you. Visit your local Kia dealer today. Kia movement that inspires. See retailer for warranty details always drive safely. Limited inventory available.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if You can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One, happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal. Flex Cole Swindell. Sam Hott. Megan Maroney. Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.