
Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FAC et.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out


bs.com. The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and OLED TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they'll look groovy baby and colors. In contrast, popping day or night with Glar free OLEDs and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience will be vary according to types of content and format


everybody Vibes with the all new Camry. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride Hall of Fame. Point guards don't have this level of control and the Camry's got to flash the match. We're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke alloy wheels and chrome dual tipped exhaust. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. And because every all new Camry is a hybrid, it's fuel efficiency is a difference maker for your wallet. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


The Volume. What's up y'all? Y'all tap in with your boys Monday night y'all come on in man. Y'all know y'all been waiting y'all come on in man. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Had two good games tonight before I get started. Yeah, let me y'all. Y'all come on y'all. Y'all go ahead and tell your people. Come on and come on in here tonight because we going to have church tonight. We're going to have church. We going to party tonight. We gonna do everything together tonight. Come on. I got time today. Y'all get on in here. Just got do watching the, the Detroit Lines defeat the sea iga Seahawks 42 to 29.


Them big meets Detroit Lines was on fire. Jerry go 18 for 18. 292 Passeng two down. And the most important thing over overall no turnovers. Jerry Golfie playing MVP like football right now ladies and gentlemen. At for 18 you gonna see that pretty much in the NFL day D quarterback D days are known for having terrible percentage. I ain't talking about just terrible but you know you might have a guy 28 for 34 or 35, something like that. Now golf. 18 for 18. That mean you didn't miss that mean you didn't miss Okay Detroit you balled out tonight.


Matter of fact, y'all got all the way to the MC championship game and what's up on 40 but you gave it away. So no matter what y'all do in the record season, it don't impress me. I'm not no hagel. I'm just keeping the 100 with y'all a day. Whatever Detroit lines do in the regular season. 'cause they supposed to do that. Oh y'all got the team for that. But it don't mean a damn thing if you don't do nothing in the postseason. It's the postseason for me. Seattle, y'all can say what y'all want. Buy JO Smith. J Smith top five quarterback right now. Now that motherfucker might look like Oscar Robinson when he took their helmet out.


But Smith is a top five quarterback right now. You talking about resurrecting your career. Geno was a starter with them. Jets lost his job, started having a clipboard now he found redemption up there in see with dk Mecal. Dk Mecal is my guy. I love you but you got to hold a ball. Fa him. You can't be fumbling. I know you big. I know you strong but can you hold a motherfucking ball all the muscle for what? In the weight room lifting. They not like us. No they not because they holding onto the motherfucking ball.


You better than that. Did you better than that? Sometimes you ain't got to get that extra yard fam. Them four and five yard you trying to get man, get go and go down fam let us see another day. This all you gotta do. Detroit came out on fire over a hundred yard rushing as a team. Yeah man when you, when you got a balanced football team like that, you gonna be hard to beat and you not turning the ball over. You gonna be hard to beat Dave Camp over here and all of these, all of these motherfucking commercials and wings and all that shit. I see you. I see you fam. But all that don't mean a damn if your team don't do nothing in the post season.


Remember y'all done had two players quit on y'all. Quit Barry quit and Calvin Johnson quit on y'all because y'all losing ways. But everybody in the city happy now. Everybody wearing buffs, everybody making independent film movies down the road. Everything good in Detroit come, come, come postseason. Y'all trash time for Detroit to win. I I wouldn't mind Detroit line winging no Super Bowl. I ain't gonna lie. I wouldn't mind y'all, I wanna see y'all win something instead of leading in in homicides, I want y'all to win the championship. And I know it's hard coming from my cowboy fan watching this show.


But wouldn't it be something for Detroit to finally win Man no motherfucking Henry Ford. The ones that's dead and gone man they be rolling over in Moga Oil right now. Henry Ford the junior shit, he'll pay a gift everybody, all the money in the world to watch his team find a win because when he was alive, them motherfucker were losing aching every year. Lost lost loss, loss, loss, loss. Kind to win something and that's the same thing. Go for them. Motherfucking Cowboy got win. Got to win something y'all mother because want come out the tongue.


Listen to South Side to really about to. Y'all don't deserve to be listening to no motherfucking talk. Talk. Talk to a legend. You know how many times I can roll down Lead back, get in head, listen to South Side the realist come on. I dunno nothing about lead better shit you gotta go through lead back during the day after 10. Shit the devil is out Devil I lead belt after 10 tonight. Shit, only way you catch me on lead belt is with the police. It's with the police. I need y'all to talk to me.


How y'all feeling about the Detroit line tonight man? How y'all feel about that game overall? Man, y'all talk to me man. Yeah I right. Barry Center deserve to have a ring man. Like a whole nother team. Detroit. I mean tonight they did. You know Seattle traveling all that way all the way to Detroit from Seattle. Detroit. Man that's, that's a pretty nice trip. But no excuses though. Detroit Line did what they had to do the other game tonight. Let me break this down. This other game. The Tennessee Titans beat the H vent tour. Dolphins 31 to 12 Mason Ru will let trash.


What? What? What Tennessee find these motherfucking quarterback. They white as moms apple pie but them motherfuckers ain't got they self nothing. Lemme read off this shit to you. Mason Rudolph was nine for 1785. Motherfucking yard backs have s ain quarterback come on and don't get me started on the starting quarterback will leave us. He got hurt 3, 4 4 in an interception. That mean that motherfucker will 4 4 4 like Big Dave. Really? Well he threw it to his team or the opposing team.


He was 4, 5, 4 Young buck rolling all over Tennessee grave right now. Feeling good about this win Miami. This what I wanna stand by my Miami Dolphins. Y'all know y'all start quarterback tour, he might come back this street might not. You know right now you could probably call Tour on the phone and he really not him. That motherfucker mine in area 51 right now. So you can forget about tuna fish tour he done right now. Hopefully come back and be healthy. Cool. But right now you ain't got him. Tyler Hunt ain't him. He ain't him. Now this what I wanna know about the NFL. You got your starting quarterbacks. Why? Why the why the dropout so dramatic in the back out when backups when can we go out and find some solid motherfucking backup quarterback so the football game don't look bad as it's been looking.


It's some shit the NFL need to look into. I feel like every NFL team should have two good quarterbacks. You mean to tell me the Miami Dolphins this motherfucking si. I mean the H vent tour dolphin. This siren without to fifth tour. Is that what you telling me? Because I don't fucking believe it. My Haitians friends with the gold teeth dreadlocks wearing them Team George down there Miami and Dave got, they ain't feeling what the Miami Dolphin organization is doing right now. Rick Ross, you on the part of this team keep quit. Quit feeding the team. Them nasty ass wings. They gonna want no wings. They want wings.


People in Miami don't deserve that. Y'all people down in Miami already going through storms and I do mean motherfucking storms. You bad spirit ass people. You moving down there to Miami. Yeah y'all moving down nigga Miami and every three weeks it flood now. Now stay your bad spirit ass where you at? I'm just gonna move. That's the problem. Stay where you at God Say be still, be still during your storm. 31 to 12 Titans beat up on the Miami Dolphins. Think Tyreek Hill had Tyreek Hill had three catches. Like I told you. Booga ain't shit with no gas.


A booga cannot run without gas right now. So like I said, somebody in the Miami organization need to make a decision of going out and getting them a quarterback. I'm talking about a nine backup quarterback who's out there right now. You got Jamis Winston out there available right now. I know what you're saying man. Man Winston we better than what y'all got. That's all I'm saying. If you trying to savage this season, you go out and get you a quarterback man because T Fish tour ain't it. You know what I'm saying? He probably playing Monopoly with his kids right now girl. He he don't even know it was a game tonight. Y'all think I'm trying to be funny but I'm really not trying to be funny.


I'm really just being honest with y'all tonight. Man. Ain't no way Tuna fish tour was that good And don't get on here Miami fan. I I old line you wasn't saying that when tour was playing the old line y'all me and everybody here they cover the NFL gonna brag on the the the the young head coach with the slick curly hair in Miami. Nah what Ari sp Jr ain't w damn Big Chad quarterback better go I can get you a motherfucking quarterback right now 'cause what I'm seeing right here ain't it Quincy quarter shit Quin quarter on Powell shit allegedly shit ain't no damn Quincy quarter now who y'all think they should draft though?


If the Miami Dolphins don't have a good season they say hey they gets tanked the season. What quarterback that's coming up in the college draft that. Do you think that the mind that the h Ventura dolphins should draft a quarterback next year is what I'm asking y'all My answer to that would be yes go out and get the best motherfucking quarterback available. I would. I mean you can't, you got lot of money tied up in T Fish. I get it but at the same time you might can get some kind of injury money back from this guy because I wouldn't even risk putting him back on the field. I don't care how much he begged and cried for me to play him.


I would just pay him to leave, take this money nigga go on back to Hawaii and get out my motherfucking face like I'm, you know what I'm saying? Go on and go because 'cause if I raise up he's gonna be trouble trouble now walk it off y'all talk to me Shamar say go get Cam. That's a good idea. Shado okay Arch man y'all think Arch man y'all think he ready to go pro right now? Arch man I know he doing his thing right now but, but but but go pro right now and and and start possibly for the H Are you sure Knock door. I can see that but Arch man shit y'all, y'all living in the moment y'all living in the moment man.


You need to be living on two or three years from now man. That's what's wrong with y'all. Y'all be living for the moment I be living for on down the road, you know what I'm saying? Yeah I so I got people, I got homeboy like that. They get a little money they go and burn it. They ain't thinking about months and months on down the road. And then when they want call me, Hey fam I need you to look out for a couple weeks. Hey accept this. I fam never you gonna go through that motherfucking storm by yourself. I text you all kind of encouraging words. Keep God first fam he will make a wave. Yeah God make no mistakes. I seen you all them inspirational posts each and every day You started calling texting me telling me you hungry and I'm starting and I'm texting you back and telling you the food tastes better.


Niggas ever tasted before. Damn I'm eating noodles nigga. I'm at Texas Roadhouse eating them motherfucking cinnamon rolls. Come on. Who be Texas Road house on this line right now. Talk to me and tell me the Texas roll house ain't got the best rolls in the world. Get that motherfucking roll. You don't even let 'em suck it down. I'm already grabbing it. Come on mean they got that bug. Ooh that ball slide, that bug across that motherfucking bread. Do you hear me? In the little old piece of game that I got with me, she watching me 'cause she ain't been here yet. You know what I'm saying? But when she finally taste that motherfucking rha ooh it's good then I look back, I look at and I taste even bro do you hear I taste better than that motherfucking roll baby.


And you keep sitting here eating this motherfucking free meal that I didn't pay for you. You going find that quicker than you think because good meat makes its own gra. Oh yeah I'll take a motherfucker takes a road house in a minute. Hold her hands when I'm walking up in there. Come on in here baby. I know you used to them five stars but not today. Not today. I wanna know if you here for me and only me you gonna get full of Texas ro high. I'm not bullshitting. You gonna get full in that motherfucker all that. I don't eat this shit. You going star. You gonna fucking star because I'm smoke smoke all day. Huh? You better get something on your stomach because you fixing take me.


Yeah you finna take this tequila meat tonight? Yeah. Call me, send you a dub baby. Come here man. Mike Vick retired man. Mike Vick. I love Mike Vick. Mike Vick retired. He ain't in no kind of football say to come back to the league right now man come on man. Mike Vic got a stomach like me like he got eight 20 biscuits Popeyes. Come on fam. Let Mike Vick retire and hopefully get into the hall of Fame, which he deserve. But Vic done. He ain't coming back to the game man. It's it's Jamis Winston's out there. Who else out there right now man, that nigga to be trading for Bryce. Young, young. Matter of fact they need to be trading for Bryce. Young Dolphins need to bring in Bryce Young right now man.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. It ain't old for him. They need to bring him in right here and make something happen. But also give a shout out to to the bad blood magic commanders three in one right now with Ja and Daniels boy balling. How y'all feeling about Jay and Daniels right now? The command, think about this. The Washington commanders is the best team in the NFC East. You can say what you want. Say he better than Jalen sip and sir turn the ball over her. Every time I look on TV hurts turn the goddamn ball over. I cut it off. I cut it off. I don't even wanna see it no damn mo. He wearing all them damn Jordans like he clutch man. He do a good two or three good passes. Ooh her home. Next thing you know fumble get this motherfucker out the game.


Hersa do, do two or three. Good. Oh my god. Her balling today Next play fumble. She he might left. He ain't changed. Somebody in Philly getting fired. Oh yeah. Somebody in Philly getting fired and you can believe that and the commanders ain't trash. You can stop that lie. Now we used to say that each and that but not this year. We can't say the commander trash damn queen up there got that, got that team bawling. That team believe and they got momentum right now and they believe them boys gonna be tough to beat. That's all I'm saying. And they, you know what I'm saying, they ain't suggle the Eagles. They ain't suggle us.


Ain't nobody to leave scu no motherfucking cowboy. Nobody. So I beg the diff on that. Since you coming in right now man I got 880 people on here. I still have 880 likes. I can't hear you. I still have 880 likes right now. Yeah, get in the chat. Chop it up with your boy. Get the sign man. You know how we rocking over in the bubble do show y'all not getting this kind of comedy nowhere else. Y'all come on over here and talk to me right now. Now what I wanna talk about right now that the New York in New York, they giving they rats birth control. Stop it. What? Sick motherfucker wanna give some some some birth control.


Come on fam. I told y'all was a problem in new, I told y'all they got doctors rats, some of 'em doctors, they weren't into surgical shit and all that. Mother I was up there. I hurt my, I hurt my shoulder playing ball rat shoulder up bullshit. It was mouth and splinter because showed up gave me a shot. I was right back on the court no time. I'm not lying. Some motherfucking rats took over New York. They out that central Central Park. I'm not bullshitting you. Y'all thought it was them cops shooting them boy it was the ranch shit. Think about it. Think about it man.


If you had to sleep on the streets of New York, you it ain't the humans, it ain't the people that's going to bother you. It's the the motherfucking rat. It's the rats for me. Lemme tell y'all something about niggas. Lemme tell you something about niggas not black folks. It's the different between niggas and black folk. Lemme tell you something about niggas. Niggas is like mosquitoes. A fear of 'em is fine. Look, if they well a swarm of them will ruin any function. Tell me I'm lying. I swarm, I'm gonna ruin any function. Niggas are like mosquitoes.


They always around water but they never get wet. Think about it. They gonna put something on your mind tonight. I'm gonna put your thinking cap on. Think about us nigga. we can't swim. We'll be by the water but we ain't getting wet. We'll put our feet in that motherfucker, but we ain't getting in that water. Shit. Big house swimming pool. Can't nobody fucking swim. We just got the pool for for it to look good before good knocked that getting in that water. Shit. Some of these niggas don't even bathe. These niggas ain't bathing. These nigga taking bird bad. Don't cologne over it. Nothing. Mixing cologne with funk up in the club. Right. Got your arms numb.


Put your motherfucking muscle arm down. You funky then get mad when somebody tell you stink. Now you want run to the car and get your pistol while you run to the car. Get your heat. I regular call. Oh shit. By the time you come back re they tackling your ass. Now you're gone for foggy years. You're gone. Gotta start thinking sometimes, boy. I'm tell you boy, niggas ain't shit boy. I'm telling you niggas, it's muske like muske boy. Girl, you can hang with a few niggas cool, but when it's a swarm up they'll kill any function. Telling you the truth. Y'all don't wanna listen to me. They they'll be putting y'all on game.


Y'all don't wanna listen to me.


Hey it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new game releases each week, play for free anytime, anywhere for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. Five five Casino.


This is Doug Gottlieb from the Doug Gottlieb Show. Here to tell ya. Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress and with a legendary lineup of in stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and the heavy duty half-ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out bs.com. Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I like this is a perfect thing.


Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like. Will Howard, you know, he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair, right name Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. He used to coach Alabama. Now he's the quarterback Admir. Now he's the quarterback at Kansas State. I love the the Kansas State Purple Bobcat Wild Cats there. It's, and this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Before we get full into this show, man, we going to, we going to, we lost a legend today. We lost a legend today. RIP, the Kiki Mutombo. Matter of fact, I got some of his people here. Matter of fact, I'm gonna bring them on, man. I'm gonna bring his people on. Don, where you at brother? What up bro? How you doing brother? Man? His, his, his is as well as, as well as possible, man. How you feeling? I'm feeling good man. I, me and my team, my fans just on right now, man. We want to give our condolences man to the Mutombo family, man. Everything he meant to us in the NBA and to his friends and family as well, man.


Oh man, thanks man. We, we appreciate you having us on too, man. And congratulations on everything you're doing. Super duper proud of you. Like people on the outside don't know, but you know, we got a relationship so for sure, man. I'm super duper proud of you man. So, so keep keep pushing and, and you know, keep doing your thing. For sure, for sure, man. Yeah. We got something we wanna play too, man. I want YI want y'all to check this out, man. See, can we get them to playlist this? Yeah, man. So your bigger for soul man. Hey, hey, hey, hey, do check this out. People, people in the sports world know the kimbe from the, the, the not in my house flying in the house from Mutombo and like that, but man, not only he was seven two, he was a giant man.


It was never a time we had a conversation where he wasn't talking about helping somebody. It wasn't a time when he was trying to put somebody in a better position and things of that nature, man. And just a kind, just a kind man. You know? And you, you speak about helping others and doing things a lot on your platform and all of that. That's what we gotta get back to, man. If we, if we have a platform, hey share, share the platform to those who deserve it. Now And, we gonna talk about those that deserve it. Not just anyone but those that deserve it and can go ahead and move that thing forward. But he, it was a story, it was a story, a quick story.


He was in St. Louis and just to show how funny he was and he was in St. Louis and doing a, a press run And, we kept adding things and kept adding things to his, to his plate without, and it was time for him to eat. He was hungry. He said, we sitting in the sprinter Van And, we had one more call, we had a radio interview and he said, I'm not doing that radio interview in his voice. He said, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not doing that radio interview. And he and, and Veronica is he, she went to college with him and you know, one of his business partners, Ron's like, Deke, it's just one more and this that he say, no, no, no, no, no, no more talk until you put something in belly like that.


But don't, you know, he didn't say nothing to us in that sprinter until we took him get something de I Don't blame, hey, When you get home, when you get to a certain point, bro. He, he, he ain't trying to talk, he ain't trying to do none of that. We was asking him questions and he say, and then he pointed his stomach. So we just, you know, but just to be, just to meet him. If anybody, anybody in the chat ever met him, they knew they were in the presence of ness. They knew they was in the presence of someone that was great and just a good person, you know, over in the Congo, you know, he has a school over in the Congo, you know, he has a hospital over in the Congo and stuff like that.


So us in the states, we have, we, we adore of course, but over in the Congo, man, larger than life. I over, man, I been talking going to Africa, man, I need to go over there, man. Larger, larger than life man. And to, and to have somebody in your life like that and then you, you lose him to something as, as like brain cancer, which my dad, my dad passed from brain cancer in 2016. So like I didn't hear that the, the, the thing is let's just stay prayerful for his family, his wife and, and the people that was affected by him, diss affected by him on a day-today basis.


You know, like we're, we're not outsiders. But you know, the day-to-Day, you know for sure his wife, his wife Rose is well, I mean, is gonna gonna miss him tremendously. Just being in the house and having that presence and, and, and the people that he just looked out for, for, it wasn't anybody that needed assistance that he wouldn't help man. So just, just, just, just being that kind and, and I don't wanna leave the, I don't wanna leave your show without, without leaving something that he will say all the time. He say when you take the el and this is what they say in his homeland, the elevator of success, right?


He said, you never take that elevator up to success without sending it back down for somebody else to come up. That's him. That, I mean, that's, that's just, you know what I'm saying? The, the, you know, just the essence of, of a, of a great man and a good man, you know? So you'll see a lot of tributes coming in and it's just gonna be echoing what I'm saying. Yes sir. I mean like all the, all the NBA great and all that stuff. I know the, the Steve Smiths and the Theo Ratliffs and all that stuff.


Mookie yeah, yeah. And Lonzo catching it right now. You know, they were like really, really good friends. So when you see those tributes and stuff like that, you're gonna, you, you going, you're gonna see, I mean, and even, you know, and I would just like to just continue to highlight and champion the man, you know, his basketball accolades. Yeah. You can see that. You know, that's, that's, you look that up right now on YouTube. You look it up on Wikipedia. But the death that he had on the impact that he had on people. Oh man. Awesome, awesome.


So yeah man, thanks man. I appreciate you. Yes sir. Keep, keep mad, keep doing what you're doing, you know, super duper proud of you, you know what I'm saying? Just keep rocking out and hey, I'm gonna lead this. I'm, I'm gonna get off here but if I call you and you tell me to call you back in 30 minutes, man, I already know what you're doing. Yes you do. Don't do, don't do me like that. Do please man. Enjoy the rest of the show. Listen Condolences man. Hey man, thank y'all man. Just got off the phone with some, I mean just had some of Mutombo people on man.


RIP Mutombo, RIP Pete Rose as well. Baseball legend. It's a damn same ma Major League baseball can put that man in the hall of Fame. It's it, it's just a damn same they can put that man in the hall of Fame. Man. Pete Rose a legend regardless of what he did. Was he betting on the game regardless of that man, his, his, his stats, what he dig on that diamond was Hall of Fame and the man should be in the hall of Fame. Barry Bun should be in the hall of Fame as well. But yes, we lost two legends today. MBO P Rose, my condos goes to the family. Yeah, for sure.


But we're gonna keep this show going on over here. We need to go and try. I can get my boy TT where you at man? Where t at man, y'all see I'm rocking, I'm rocking to t Y'all love me to me. Make sure y'all go and get that merch as well man. See where my brother at man. We gonna know where T at right now. But we gonna keep the show rocking and rolling though. But I really wanna talk about the most tonight with y'all. Lemme take your headphones off since Tio ain't on right now. What I wanna talk about the most right now, I know y'all seen Patrick Mahomes hurt his own motherfucking starting on receiver now you mean tell me Patrick Mahome, you can see everybody else on the field when you throwing the motherfucking ball.


But when you come to tackle you gonna hit me and my motherfucking knee. There's problems Even on one leg I'll be choking back. Zebra motherfucker motherfucker hit me my knee told my motherfucker Naia, I better get some of that contract. That 500,000,050 of it belong to me. I'd still be catching motherfucking passes. If you could open your eye when you hit big, big hell half as going hit that man in the knee now you got fucking season man. I ain't never seen nothing like it man. I ain't never seen y'all closing y'all eyes when you tackle says pop warn open your eyes when you tackle here.


Go yell and tackle. You duck it man. Yeah he done took his own guy man. Y'all saw it. I hurt my feelings seeing rise like that. Nah, he now he need to be laying in some rice like a wet th you know when your th get wet you have to put it in rice. That's what rise need to be in some fucking big of rice. Make no sense to me man. Christian McCaffery, you talking about 10 Niger. That motherfucker always hurt. He good when he on the field but when is Christian McCaffrey on the motherfucking field it's way the players that you give money to.


Look at Dak whack, Christian McCaffrey can't even get on the motherfucking field. Brandon a joke, trash, they paying that man 30 million motherfucking dollars and he ain't even the best receiver on the four nine right now. Jerry rise on the, on that sideline rolling over in his motherfucking grave. Focus not fan. I'm gonna need y'all to come here and talk to me now. This man held out training camp held out, didn't want practice, didn't want I want a new contract. I'm worth it now. This motherfucker can't catch me. Two balls a game. I told y'all what to do.


You can't the ball and you need somebody Ball call RuPaul, get motherfucker, come on. Don't think RuPaul them and and the rest of RuPaul good friends that are come shit I have starving single. Go get the ball boy. I know you Jessica but you Joy but you joined Sunday night you could be Jessica after the game but during the game you Joey doing go and get it. Y'all did it. You get out there and slick. Everybody on that field.


I like say I girl roll and park man y'all hell man, y'all as hell for real. But tell me how y'all feeling right now man about this though. Tell me how y'all feeling about the injuries man, Brandon, you somebody talk to me about Jalen hurt. Somebody talk to me about Jalen hurt, where is his superpower was at it it it ain't master to me no more. You can't blame his old line. They protecting the best they can do for this motherfucker. He sit there shot him. That's hurts that motherfucker don't swamp people. Shoot him, shoot him.


He don't even know when to throw the motherfucking ball no more. H stay from Houston. God damn syrup done caught up to him. Y'all told him stay on that green. Oh he started getting money and then he started taking that red, you know that red them boy one 50 lying now her got it her got it. Another thing I wanna bring up, people always wanna talk about people smoking weed. I'm tired of smelling they weed. Lemme tell you something, it's you drunk motherfuckers that's causing all the problems. I ain't never heard a person that's smoking weed drove off and killed somebody in the car accident. It's our way you drunk motherfucker get outta my way, I got it. I can drive and take off a hundred miles an hour.


Go and kill somebody. You ain't even know you done done it. They waking you up. What Liz is that you? No motherfucker. You done killed seven people fam and you ain't felt none of it. Man, stop drinking and driving because down here in Texas them felonies them DWI to jail behind DWI down here. Shit. Them black and white them bullshit. Them black and white don't bullshit they shit. They can smell it on your breath. Come here ain't ain two in your car. Shit. Best thing you do if you wanna drink shit, call your Uber because drinking and driving ain't it.


You can smoke all day ain't running in nobody. You chilling. You ain't in no rush. You relax, you drunk, you swerving all over my road man. That ain't what it do. And I'm gonna tell you another thing. I don't want no coochie that don't make me have me having smell the top of my mustache. I don't like good smelling coochie. I got to have some kind of scent right here when I'm at work working 12 hour shift and and I want to smell that all 12. Oh ooh it gimme strength. Do you hit me? It gimme strength. I ain't, I like fo in your, I'm telling you get I'm on, I'm on all kinds of shit sexually.


I ain't just throwing the on the blue shoes and the and the hundred packs not do trying every motherfuck thing man. I'm on that coffee man. Yeah your folks just with no sugar. You know niggas gotta have cream and sugar in that coffee. You gonna need it. Oh you need it. Three sips of that fouls red can not the green one, the red can. I ain't tried the green one yet but coffee beans in that mother. Ooh Make my temperature rise like oh kill it. No come, come on. Shit. Yeah we ain't forgot about Kevin Hart man glad he survived that incident too man.


That was almost took my boy out man. But I wanna give credit to what credit do I wanna give credit to my, to my, to my, to my, to my mentor coach Prime and and what he was able to do this weekend with his football team go down there and beat UCF what they did, they did a damn good thing and that team look good. The buffalo look good but, but I wanna get to his Travis Hunger when he wore that bland shirt like the boy, the boy already had a chip on his shoulder but now he got a bigger chip. Bland some words that Richard Sherman said now they talked chopped it up. I don't know but afterwards he still wore that shirt so I know he still got that in his mind right now fam you really think I'm bland fam.


Yeah you know what I'm saying, I'm really, you know no Travis hungry, you know what I'm saying? I'm really chicken and dressing but you trying to tell me I'm stole type stuffing niggas please this the differe different. It's the same thing if you think about it but it's different Black people we on, we on chicken and dressing, white people stole top stuff hit effectively though. I'm both 'em can hit effectively. That's all I'm saying, you know what I'm saying? But the chicken and dressing just, it got a different taste to it. It sticks to you, you know.


Thanks. I can't wait till Thanksgiving. Right motherfucker now I'm going to everybody house when I leave your house I better have a to go plate. I'm coming in faking. Hey how y'all doing? Y'all all right ma? I'm glad y'all doing good ba I'm, I'm thankful to see y'all but I'm really just thankful that y'all cook. I don't really give a damn about y'all. I'm lying and I don't stay long because the longer I stay the more y'all start to plot and thank y'all finna get some M-O-N-E-Y for me never. I'm leaving for you. Get the begging. Bam. You know I'm so proud man. Lemme get this call. Man's one of them agents from H Hollywood and I'm lying, I'm getting up. I lower my to go plate and before you know it down the road put my to go plate in the backseat and I'm going to my next destination.


Shit. Come on. Chew on. I go with somebody high. How you doing baby? Hey you ate? I ain't ate nothing man. I been on the road on my way here. You my first stop lying like a motherfucker. I had about 10 plates by the time I come back home. I ain't bullshit. I'm just tell you what I do. I know some of y'all do it too but tell you something, stop going to people houses and, and eating they food knowing they gonna wash they motherfucking hands. Number one. They don't even wash they ass. So what makes you think they gonna wash they damn hands Her all in the motherfucking food and then people got the dogs in the house and shit. You get that motherfucking dog around my food. He got to go outside for now.


Went to my wife friend had this big ass child. I'm eating the child right here man. I can't eat my food in front of this motherfucking dog for him. You know what I'm saying? Get this motherfucking big dog wolf. Look at my at my face. Have some respect.


You slept through your alarm, miss the train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh, cold. Sounds like you could use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land is where people go every day to get lucky. At Lucky Land you can play over a hundred casino style games for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky land slots.com and get lucky today. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void work, prohibited play responsibly, terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five Casino.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Let's pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play. If you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bos.com.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus what if your products had thousands of five star reviews we're natural and affordable? Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-end skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime, that's dime beauty co.com code Get dime for 20% off.


I might say Boogie Salad. Get you to play fu man. I'm just telling y'all the truth man. I'm just telling y'all the truth man. Another thing I want y'all to pick, forget what y'all about too man. What's going on up there in Pittsburgh right now? Man, I was on that field. I mean I was at the game yesterday and like for a minute though. For a minute though. He look like Russell Wilson had Wint baby I think. I think, I think I'm about to get in. Never Justin Fields came alive. Him and that offense came alive yesterday in that second half against the Indianapolis coach. But it was just a little bit too late for that comeback. That's why I say it's always, you always gotta play four quarters, man you always gotta play four quarters in, in, in, in the NFL, you, you, you, you just never know.


Turnovers is key. You seen the one turnover goodnight by the Seaga Seahawks that fumbled by Mecal and you see the outcome of that game. CIGA had more yards, pretty much everything than Detroit but Detroit didn't turn the ball over in. Detroit consistently scored the ball. Detroit consistently got in the red zone and got touchdowns and stuck of field goals. So don't never think that it just one turnover in that game and look at the score of that game. So keep that in mind. See I even dominated the time of possession and still got beat the way they got beat now just the part of the show.


If you watching the show, if you can't watch the show then all you got to do is go to Apple podcast or or type in Spotify the bubble dub show and you can listen to this show. Now all my new people that's coming in right now, you should didn hit the like button. You should gonna hit the subscribe button. You should be telling everybody, oh this guy bubble W He is hilarious man. Just found out about damn right I'm but I'm more than that. You can, I'm a real standup comedian for the people who done went to see me perform. Thank you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. But you can kiss me this weekend. Augustson Texas up there in Dallas at the Gerson Improv. I'll tumble the fourth through the sixth. I got five shows, let's sell 'em out but damn no so out. But let's sell 'em out.


Stop waiting the last minute to get them motherfucking tickets and gone and get 'em. So my bros are thinking about coming. What you waiting on fam? Because the women you looking for, they gonna be in, they gonna be ready, they gonna be hor. They looking for a few good men. So if you, so if it's some few good men out there right now that watching this show and you in the Dallas area, you need to come to that show because they, He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you Go and grab him tickets right now. See Y this weekend we finna crank up part the show.


We do the hell no seven. Somebody hit me a bubble do. I don't care what you say but is Justin Herbert a top five quarterback? Hell no he not Justin Herbert. It's not no tie five quarterback. I gonna give a damn how y'all slic it right now. Gino Philly Cheese Steak Smith is better than Justin Herb. What have he done right. Motherfucker ain't done no more than Gino. What have he done? I'm sick of y'all giving these people all this praise when they ain't done nothing. And let me correct myself when I was talking about what Detroit ain't done, it ain't one.


And I admit Cowboys ain't done a motherfucking thank you though in the postseason but the last time I checked the cowboy got more rings than the motherfucking big meats Lions. I can be you that and my name ain't Daniel and I can lock the law. The jaws of a lion don't get it mistaken here because we ain't went to done nothing in 30 or something motherfucker, we still got rings, we still got them. Y'all took my people in funky time man. My people in South Carolina man.


Jay-Z I don't know nothing about these Jay-Z allegations y'all talking about. Man I don't believe in myths. I don't believe in none of that. But Diggy ain't the only one that's going down. You can best believe somebody is going down. So whoever was with Diggy and them freakouts whatever politician and them, they going down with him. The boy in there talking right now, the boy is in there talking right now. Don't think Diggy just call home talking to his kid. This kid daddy we miss you. You need to come home, do something Combes. And then there talking. He just got so much information in him right now. Give him time. It's gonna take about two months for Diddy to tell everything he know.


But don't be mistaken when P Digger beat this case. Don't be mistaken when Diddy beat this case, Diddy not finna do no time. Only time he doing it right now did not talking right now. Shit. Diddy finna come home and I don't blame him. I got billions of dollars. I've been living a certain way for 30, 40 years. You think I'm finna come living a cot full of niggas I can't eat when I want to. I can't get up when I wanna, I can't pee when I wanna, I can't honk when I wanna and you think I'm gonna ride it out because I'm a real nigga. Never call me what you want, call me whatever. Call me because gingerbread man you can't catch.


I'm coming home. I want the world to know I want you. So I'm coming home. Hey I want the world to know hey I'm dig. That's what I'm singing in now. That's what I'm singing. If I'm digging now I ain't thinking about big them and here I ain't thinking about don't me and from the band put some motherfucking respect on Diggy name.


You partied with him. You laughed and cried with him. Now you going to know him. Y'all ain't real friend. Real friend gonna be there with you. Whether you're right or wrong. I'm not saying what Diggy did was right but if you his mans 50 grands, you supposed to be right there riding it out with him. Y'all gonna show y'all hand now. Now he finna show y'all them video. You showed your hand now he finna show them them videos of ass. Y'all keeping quiet. Ain't saying nothing. Yeah he got you on them tape butt naked legend running around there but now goes all that shit going on. He got you on tape baby. All all over your A your mama wouldn't even recognize you when it one of them diggy party.


Not my Cedric. See he was Cedric then he Cynthia in there. That's what I'm hearing Diggy was doing allegedly man name was Cric. But when he in that bed with Diddy, his name is Sandra and Cynthia. That nasty work though. That's diabolical. That's diabolical work right there son. How y'all feeling about that man you talking about dumb. I'm lying baby the cowboy right now. I'm not debating that. But what is you going do when you get to the postseason though? I speak facts. What are you going to do when you get into postseason at the end of the day is you gonna go out there win a ring Because if the De Detroit Alliance ever win a ring, Henry Ford and them getting out that motherfucking grave, them white motherfucking ghosts going dance.


They gonna dance and transmission through it. I want Detroit to win. I wouldn't mind seeing it. I ain't no hater man. I'm for all teams really. But I wouldn't mind seeing the Detroit line win. I feel like the people up there need that. Man bitch threw so much shit. Detroit man like the like man black love up there man. Black excellence up there in Detroit. Man. Some of the most beautiful women in the world in Detroit. Man I do mean beautiful too. So I gonna be need help with rent. That's okay. I got it.


Have no feel I am here. I know what y'all saying dude. You be tricking with them holes. Let me tell y'all something. They might be a ho in you but she could be a queen to one of us. My beautiful black sister come here. My beautiful black Hispanic come here my beautiful snow buddy. Oh yeah it snows in Texas. Oh, oh yeah it snows in Texas and some of 'em is thick. Took a them pot of milk. I'm not bullshitting. You think I won't take one of them fluffy white girls to a family ring. Oh you and show off shit. I told you I do it like Taylor S Square when I walk up and I know my cousin that wanna walk up and wanna shake her hand. Get your nasty hand ass back forever.


My leg ass face having ass nigga get back. It's just like a dream. She holding in close and change the ecstasy. I slow down with that white girl at my motherfucking reunion. Do you? I slow down with that white girl at my reunion groove on her too. I get that white girl. I get that white girl smooth. She don't even know dancing no motherfucker Ns to dance all the way in that 850 credit score. Come on down here and get me these trucks that I need for my business. For real Jerry, come on baby.


I got you. I know what your daddy get pregnant. I'm shit my athleticism and her smart shit. Junior gonna be all right in my book because I ain't smart. I can't do that schoolwork but shit Heather can shit. Come on. Tell my son nigga older thank me boy I brought you into a smart A a a beautiful situation because your mama smart dumb motherfucker. Thank think that I didn't let out look a dumb motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? You got to thank me man motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? Yeah, no theses ain't loyal damn snow buns off the chain either day any snow buns can cook up here.


I had a motherfucker snow bungy cook me black eye peas. I couldn't believe it. I had to call my mama. I said Mama. She said what baby? I say this white girl just cooked black eye pea. I know you lying. I know it was nasty. No, you the one that nasty ho. Don't you ever disrespect the woman I love ever again and block my mama out there. Watch your mouth About hell. Hell has coming to my life has been nothing but a blessing to me and my other baby mamas. Why? I ain't got no money to pay child support. But health do, health done came in and cleaned me up, bog us a house. We got 10 acres of land now. Got a horse named Cody. My, we ought see you ought to see her. You ought see the the, the co.


That motherfucking horse and my horses ain't like my people from down back home in Alto. I ain't lying man. Mama. This my horse big and beautiful like a motherfucker. My horse four 50 pounds. Big beautiful horse. And he know he a horse no motherfucker down from, they think they dogs now. Some of my people down in Alto got some knives. Horses, man. I'm talking about nice, beautiful heart. But some of 'em and they know who they're, I never say your name but guess believe I'm finna call animal rights people when y'all assses them horses. Find them a good home and get them some good hay. God damn right. White girl came my whole motherfucker life for me and I love her and she love me on the thing is, she a little too motherfuckering horn for me.


She wanted every day on the hour. God damn. Hell, I'm good. My, I'm trying to watch the game you want, you, you want get in goddamn baby. I'm gonna get you praise but hold on. Yeah, let this shit kick in at me for a minute and that shit kick in. I go down through that. I add down to the kiss no neck. Y'all know you real, you gotta be romantic with the woman. Gotta kiss them on their neck real tall. You gotta work your way all the way down to the belly button. And if the belly button stink, don't you go no farther, don't you go No. If I motherfucking belly button stink don't go no farther. Now some of you holding done had surgery they belly button right here. Now if you go to a whole chest and it musty let that coat, musty belly button having an asshole.


You know better, you know better than having a musty belly, you know be that damn right. Them white girl doing squat. Don't, don't get it twisted. I'm like pimp C I'm like pimp CI love me a crow. Come here. Ain't nothing like a black woman. I'm talking about a real motherfucking black woman too that don't wear no makeup. Don't need it. Ain't one got her ass done. She she got a free stretch more. But that's okay. That's okay. She still go to church. She got a good relationship with her father. But I'm gonna fuck that up for, you know it though 'cause I'm going to split them. She right now he still, you know, got a lee as dog or she going to listen. But I'm gonna call with division. Any woman I get with, I call it division between her and her father.


Nigga get back. He, he don't love you. He don't give a damn. If he love you, he buy your car. Well I had to buy your car, you his dog now you sure Right. You don't need him. You need me now. I done call division now when he come up, Hey look here fa you can't be showing up to my motherfucking highway. I letting somebody know I run this. I'm bubble dub. This my motherfucking state nigga start calling and texting before you getting on the road because the next time you show up now Bow then, you know. Right. Motherfucker. Nah, I lay you where you stand. That's some shit I really want to tell him. But I can't fight. I'm just telling y'all what I, I'm, I'm, I'm working on it. Like I got it written right here.


I'm working on what I want to say to this nigga, but I ain't got the balls and the hands to do it. You know what I'm saying? But I'm getting that though. I I mean I got it out. That's the first step and you know what I'm saying, I got it outta there. I feel good now I can breathe now y'all, I can breathe a little bit. I'm standing on business man. Yeah. You know if you wanna be a part of my gang, we ain't talking about no shooting gang, but it's only a few people in my gang. It's the SMG, the Small Meat Gang. That's the gang I'm a part of, of the small me gang. Yeah. Real mother talk too. How y'all doing man? How y'all feeling about the Bubble Dub show? Man, I told y'all we gonna crank up. I told y'all we were gonna crank up, man. This is what I do.


This is what I do, man. You got the love this shit man. You got the lu alive. You got to be relaxed. You come on this show I talk about in and everything. I talk about everybody I talk about myself, I leave nobody out. But if you really wanna see me in action better bring your ass to one of my shows. I'm telling it go down man. But I, I'm fixing talk to y'all for a minute. Y'all talk to me for a minute, man. How y'all feeling man? SMG game all we got. I know ain't the only small meat motherfucker in this motherfucker. I ain't, if you're getting not 29. I done talked about the games. I done talked about the commanders three in one Jay and Daniels is the real deal I done talked about. I don't understand why the, the h vent tour dolphins ain't made a move for a backup quarterback.


The NFL need to invest in back quarterback. I got my brother to finally on right now. So let me get to, to and talk to him for a minute. What's going on my brother? What's going on? My guy? Oh man, that's about to go down, Down, laying down. What man, what You been doing man? You been getting, you don't been getting your groove on family? Yeah buddy. Yes sir. We are in the building And you already see it, man, you know I love me some me I already done told him. Get it. Hey you, hey you representing boy. 'cause you know what we do? I love me some me. Alright Rick, I'm glad I got you. So let me talk to you man. If you the Miami Dolphins, what do you do right now?


Teo? Ooh, man, I saw the game. I watched the game hunt is not, he, he's not the answer. Hunt is not the answer. He missed a number of throws, but you can tell the timing is off. You can tell he's not used to the speed of the receivers. He has to be anticipatory. He has to anticipate throws the speed of of, of Tyreek Hill, the one that he threw out of bounds. Tyreek had the defender beat by like least a yard and a half. He, not only did he throw the ball inaccurately, he threw the ball out of bounds. If he throws the, if you look at that clip, you see Tyreek Hill telling him, he's pointing down the field, throw the ball down the field, throw it to where he's going.


If he, if that's tour at six, that's touchdown. But he obviously, like I said, he's out first week of practice. He has to get used to the speed of those receivers start really getting in sync with those guys. So there can be some completions down the field. Other than that, that's really kind of the only thing that I see wrong with this situation in Miami. But they, they need to go get some quarterbacks. They need to go get some quarterbacks. I don't know who is the answer, what is the answer? But they definitely are need for quarterback right now. That's what I said. We, the NFL put so much emphasis on paying these starting quarterbacks all this money. But it need to be investments now and backup quarterbacks because it's so much a drop off man.


You got top receivers like Tyreek Hill who get used to getting seven, eight catches a game, get a backup and get one or two catches, man. Like it's it's tour fish tour that good to what? The dolphins look the way they look now. It's what I, the question is what I'm asking you Teo, What, what are you asking me? Is tuna fish Tua that good? Nah, he nah, he, he's that good. Like I said, the only thing that's going to hinder Tua is the health. Trust me, even when he comes back, it won't be long. He's going, trust me, I I don't wish this on anybody. I love Tua. I know him personally. I worked out with this guy before he left Alabama. Trust me tour is the real deal.


As you've seen, they lost three straight without him in the lineup. This guy right here, like I said, he's gonna be a shell of a shell of himself when he comes back. Trust me, it's either gonna, if he doesn't retire personally himself, if the Dolphins don't take it upon themselves to make him retire, the game is gonna retire to it is gonna retire to, because he, it's, it's, it's not gonna be long before he gets in, get back in that lineup. He's either going to get hit by someone or he's gonna hit his head on the turf and get a concussion. Trust me, it's not safe for him to get back out on the football field. Trust me. I'm not wishing any bad on him at all. But again, he wants to obviously, like I said, put himself in a position to where he feels like maybe he can protect himself.


But you gotta think whenever he comes back, you're gonna have to play at least eight, six to eight more, more gains. I don't think he can protect himself for six to eight more gains for that amount of, for that, for that number of quarters. At, at some point it, it, it it's gonna, he's gonna, he's gonna hurt himself. He's gonna get a concussion one way or the other. Speaking of people getting money and not performing as they should. Robert Receiver, fuck fucking Niners Brandon. Yo, he ain't even the best receiver over there with the fucking Nagas right now to, no, he's not even the best receiver right now. JJ Jwan Jenkins is putting himself Jwan Jenkins about to get paid whether, and there it's not gonna be, it's not gonna be with the Niners.


I think he, I think Jwan, Jen Jwan Jenkins Jennings, I'm sorry, excuse me. Just signed an extension. I think a one year deal after this year. This dude is about to get paid. It won't be with the nineties because they just dump dumped truck 30 million to Brandon. I, you who doesn't even have, this guy doesn't even have 200 yards in, in, in four, in four games and you just paid this guy 30 million. I I'm gonna give him a little grace because obviously, like I said it, I don't even think, I don't think I should give him any grace because he should be a professional. He should be in shape. It's four. We are four, four weeks in now. I don't see nothing about his game that warranted that the the 30 million that, that the, that the, the nine ERs just paid him.


If that was the case, bro, I god and the truth, they could have paid me that they could have paid me a third or quarter of, of 30 million and they would've got more production me than what they've gotten in a guy that's, I don't know how old. He damn near what? 20 he is he 20? He's not even 30 years old. No, he's not 30. He not even 30 years old and they just gave him 30 million and you got a third 34th receiver in, in Jwan Jenkins. Who's outplay him? That's the $30 million man. Trust me, he Jwan Janus is about to get paid.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. I five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly, terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. Five five Casino.


Hey, this is Mario Lopez from On with Mario Daily podcast. Here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch. No one can stop you for more. Check out bs.com.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-end skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare Match Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime, that's dime beauty co.com code. Get dime for 20% off.


Do you think this, since you, I know you, you know you a Hall of Fame, you played in the N NFL and you've seen how things go. Do you think that's being talked about in the organization? Brandon, are you playing right now? Lemme what Jen is doing. Lemme Tell you something. They have buyer's remorse at this point, bro. He's not, he, he's not giving any production for what they paid him. And then on top of that, like I said, I don't know the offensive scheme. I don't know if they're, they're featuring him. I don't know if they need to see more of him, need more of him in practice far as endurance conditioning. But what I've seen as far as I've never watched a full game of, of him playing what everybody knows of him. And what I know of him is the highlights. He's made big plays.


He's been a beneficiary of CMC, Chris, Chris, McCaffery, Deebo and those kittle the, the years that he's been there, that's how he's been able to amass the numbers that he had. That obviously that obviously that made him Gunner, yeah. That the money that he, that that, that he wanted and ul ultimately got paid. So at this point, I don't see him as a true WR one. I don't see him as a number one receiver, feature receiver. If that's the case, then that will be displayed. That would already would've already been shown going into week five. But now I not on top of that, you guys, CMC, Christian McCaffery, he's hurt again, the knight's problem.


He, he ca I mean, he's good when he's on the field. Look man, he's, he, you, you can cancel him for at least toward the end of the season. La latter, latter quarter of the season. You, you, you, you, you might as well, anybody that's a 49 er fan, even have him on fantasy football, you might as well put him on the shelf to at least end of the season to deal with, like they said, bilateral Achilles. That means he has, he's having issues in both Achilles. He's not, he's not about to come back anytime soon. So what that does that re presents opportunities for those other guys. Obviously Jordan Mason, who's obviously making the most of his, most of his, his opportunities, undrafted free agent running back, that's doing very well.


It's gonna be obviously a more past happy offense. I think obviously it's gonna create more opportunities. Deebo George Kittle and obviously you've already seen the beneficiary who's really benefiting from the, the, from the offense is number 15, Jwan Gen Jwan Jennings. So until IU comes out of his funk or whatever, whatever he needs to, needs to do, this is what you're gonna see from the 49 ERs. And obviously, like I said, this is obviously gonna have to elevate the game of Brock Purdy. So now he's gonna have to be asked to, to do a lot more than just obviously distributing the ball and making, allowing those other guys to, to make plays. Now he's going to be, you know, asked to make plays so to speak.


Yeah. Switching gears to another quarterback, Jagan Daniels, what he's doing up there with the commanders right now. Woo Boy. He's the a he's the real, he's the real deal until I see otherwise, again, this is, it's almost like deja vu. You think about what RG three did when he got there. This guy obviously is equivalent to what RG three was doing his rookie year. All he has to do now is just stay healthy, play smart football. I think with the injury that he had, he sustained his last year, senior year at there at LSU, obviously protecting your body, especially at, in, at, at this level, at the na at the National Football League. He knows these guys. These are some grown men.


This is not, these are not college athletes. These are grown men that are gonna be laying the boom. They gonna be laying that boom on me. So he, he has to understand like when get what you can get down, lift to play another, another down. And again, as far as his, his, his backup about his accuracy, his football accuracy, his iq, trust me, the percentages speak for itself. The production speaks for itself. The record speaks for itself. Well, commander's three in one right now, I was at, oh they, They, they very well can win the division. Right now. They are they the front that they're the front runners to win that division. Trust me, this guy, again, I can't say enough about him right now.


This guy, he, he's playing, he's not even, he's not even playing like a rookie. The guy plays very, very poised. He reminds me of a guy, a guy you know, that went into his rookie year some years ago in Seattle, who's now with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Russell Wilson. He, he plays with a lot of poise, very high IQ ball accuracy. He, he checks all the boxes at right now, he's checking all the boxes. The defense is playing well and he has enough weapons around him to where again, he doesn't really have to do much, get the ball to his playmakers, allow him to make plays and then when he needs to, to make a play with his legs, that's what he does. Speaking of Russell Wilson, do you think he gonna touch the field this season?


Yeah. At, at some point. I think, I mean, he's a, he's a, that's a luxury to have, have someone, number one with his, his ex experience, his iq. Again, like I said, this is obviously this time that he has and he's gonna get healthy. So again, right now, Justin Fields is playing very, very well, doing what he's supposed to do, given the opportunity he has. Again, this is what, this is a Justin field that everybody was expecting in Chicago, but unlike Chicago, where he is now, he has weapons, which makes no sense. This is a, a, a, a major mishap, major goofball move by the Chicago Bears. How do you trade this guy away when you expect the thing, you expect what he's doing now you expect that last year, but he just didn't have the, the weapons.


You go out and, and, and draft a number, a receiver in the first round and then you, you, you you acquire with a Keenan Allen Yeah. And DJ Moore Again. This is what he lacked last year. Yeah. Yeah. Me personally, I gonna think Russell gonna touch the field. Good season. Oh, he, I think I I I think He he'll more, more injury. And if, because I went to that game yesterday and watched, watched them play and I coach my, my, my boy got hurt, Richardson. I told him, man, you got, you got quit getting dinged up because Joe Flaco look like Andrew Luck yesterday. He another nigga, he can't, you know what I'm saying? They'll, he'll come in and light it up, bro, and make, make a decision.


They don't really need to be there. So That's, that's crazy that the, that the Cleveland Browns let him go after coming on, after being on the couch for so many years. What's going on With Watson? Man? Man, Hey, look man, Yo, that need to be studied. I look man, I, I don't know. I, I have no idea what's going on with Deshaun Watson again. I, again, I don't, I don't watch enough of the A FC and what they're doing. I know he has the ability to play the game. Clearly there's something, there's a disconnect. They're not in rhythm at this point. But again, you can't rule him out because you've seen what he can be. You've seen flashes of what he can be at this point, like I said, the beginning of the season, it's gonna be a lot of ebb and flow.


You know, you gotta look at some of the guys, some of the teams that are starting good may not finish good. Some of the guys that are starting bad may finish bad. But again, at the end of the day, it's not how you start, it's how you finish. And injuries are going to play a big part in, in, in, in a lot of teams as they position themselves around week eight, going to week 10, 12, it's gonna play a big part in the position of some of these teams heading into the playoffs. Yeah, I figured, I I I say the same shit on that man. How you, I wanna ask you this though. How did the two quarterbacks for the Tennessee Titans get them jobs? I'm talking about Mason Rudolph and Will livings, how are they quarterbacks?


Well, Mason was a backup in, in Pittsburgh. If you, if you don't, if you, if you remember Yeah, yeah. Back in 2018. Yeah, right. I mean, again, he had some flashes of, of, Of what, I mean he plays the quarterback position. So again, I I I don't know, again, I, again, I'm sure there's a number. He Have a man with nine for 1785 yards. Fam Well that's, that's, that's not bad. I mean, it's a little better than 50%. Nah, for 17, that running back yard, 85 yards. Look man, I, I don't know. I I don't know his weapons. I don't know the offensive coordinator. I don't know. He Got what you mean his weapons? He got Kevin. Really? Deandre Hopkins.


What Man, Tony Poll. Look, it's either offensive shit, you know, it's, it's all, it's either offensive coordinator or he's not the guy for the job. He's not the quarterback for the job. Well, we know that. But let's, let's, let's, let's, let's talk about Coach Prime. What he pulled off this weekend, man. Now, now, oh, Oh Man. Shook in Florida, man. Let's talk about that. Oh man. Oh, oh man. They went down there and, and handle business. They went down there and handled business. When you go on the road, I know when we played in the National Football League, our coaches told us, when you go on the road, you have to pack your special teams.


Special teams is what they shored up. Because that, that was A-A-A-A-A catastrophe the week before the, the, the, the special team let 'em down. As you saw, special team kind of not counter they showed up. Yeah. And in addition to that, again, these guys are starting to play well together. A lot of people don't realize, and they, they have the expectations based on why they weren't winning last year. And that was defensively upfront, the defensive front and offensive line. So they, they think that, okay, well now they have bigger linemen on the offensive line. So now you just plug and play. Okay? Running backs are gonna have wide open holes to run the football.


You have bigger guys on the defensive front. They just think, okay, you have bigger guys plug and play that they're gonna, they're gonna stop defensively. They're gonna stop the run. People have to understand, there has to be chemistry, continuity. There has to be every, all these players are new. They haven't played together. So as the season goes along, they're gonna get comfortable with the players around them on the field. They're gonna get comfortable with the coaches. They're gonna get comfortable with the plays that they're, that scheme wise on defense offensively, they're gonna get comfortable with the plays that are being run. As you've seen the last two weeks, there's been a lot of not like, yeah, there's been a lot of balance when you, when it comes to the run in the past, obviously a little bit more pass heavy.


But you've seen a little bit more balance intertwined in with, with the, with with the pass game. And that's what it's gonna take some continuity and just the gel and everybody playing together, the better, the more and more that they play together, they gonna get comfortable with each other. And the communication upfront where they're picking out the defensive fronts. Sha Shadu comes up to the line, he making, making his checks, his audibles. And those guys are responding and they know what they're doing and they're looking at those checks and they're, they're, they're, they're making those and they're, they're, they're going out there and they're playing football. That's what you think I'm calling them, right? I'm calling them right here to What's that? When we Get y talking about the Tennessee Titans, that's the quarterback they need to go after.


If, if Shado goes to the draft, Tennessee need to go and get him. Ain't no if and bust a body, all the country music, wherever, wherever they need to. All the Ville chicken put it on Shado and go and get him if you come into the drafting season. Oh, what Tennessee? Titans. Yeah. Titan. Yeah. Nah, I think a better, a better, a better look with, with him, obviously, like I said, he needs some weapons. He, he doesn't need to go into a situation like Bryce Young did with the, with with the Carolina Panthers. You have a very capable quarterback, but you have nothing to work with. Ur doesn't need to go in a situation like that because, so you want him him to sit? Huh? So you want him to sit?


No, he needs to go to he, he, he, we just got, we just got finished talking about a team that's gonna be in need of a quarterback. Miami. Miami Dolphin, lemme tell you something, much as I love to is not happening. He, he, he won't last bro. He won't last if he comes back, he's not gonna last this year. If he comes back next year, he's gonna get a concussion within the first two or three weeks. I'm guarantee at, at some point the, the, the league is gonna end up being liable for this guy's health. If he doesn't take it upon himself to look out for himself, somebody's gonna be liable. 'cause he's gonna be a shell in the, that This dude's brain is like jello at this point. I'm telling you it's like Jello and, and that I'm, I, it's sad to say, and I'm not wishing any bad on anybody.


Like I love to, but I just don't think that he's gonna be able to protect himself in a football game for four quarters, for 16 for what, however many more weeks once he comes back, bro. I just, I just don't see it happening. So at some point, the, the organization, they're gonna have to, at least they're gonna have some tough decision, a tough decision to make when it comes to, to a tongue of a lower and granted to do comes out in the draft. That's a team that he needs to go to. But he has, 'cause he has weapons, he got Tyre Hill Waddle, he got Jaylen Waddle and all those other guys offensively. All he gotta do is just throw the ball to him. How you feel about Patrick Mc Holmes hurting this receiver man on that Look, man, that's just like, it's, that's, that's friendly fire bro.


It's just like being in the army. You, you shoot your own shoot, shoot your own. It's, that's friendly fire. I mean it's not something that, that you want expect Injuries are inevitable clearly. Usually it nine times outta 10, it, it comes from the opposing team. Very seldom do you see your own teammate. You, you're getting hurt by your own teammate. Very, very unfortunate. I'm hearing that going. I'm hearing, well, you know, my sources say they, they're looking to getting acquiring. I'm Cooper from the Cleveland Browns and I'm real cool with Maari. He's not gonna admit this. He's not gonna say this, but I'll be I with him. I'll be glad if Kansas City come got me from, from, from what he in down in Cleveland right now.


I will be glad to go to Kansas. Seek with Big Red right now. Well, Omar Cooper is a very capable, valuable receiver. You saw what he did when he was in Dallas. You're seeing what he's doing sparingly at the position where he is right now. He just needs an opportunity if, if anybody can get the most out of anybody, any receiver with better than average talent. That's Andy Reed. Andy Reed, by far my favorite. The best coach I've had in my 15 year career as far as head coach. Head coach is concerned by far the the best head coach. Best head coach. And Dunman. That was your best quarterback you ever had too.


And you, you speaking for who? You, you speaking who? We're not even gonna go, we're not even gonna go down. The best coach I've had is Andy Reed. The worst is Steve Mary Ucci. Oh yeah. He had Steve Merri. He wasn't worth a damn, The worst, The Absolute worst. You know, I had to throw at you worst, but Boo Dog man, Caitlyn Clark, rookie of year Well deserved. Again, like I told you, what did I just mention? What did I just say? The statement I said is not how you start, it's how you finish. Obviously again, she had to adjust to the game. Clearly. She had to adjust from the college game to the pro game.


Again, this you, you gonna take, you gonna, you you're gonna, it's a lot of ebb and flow. With, with with, with the, with the, with the play of the WNBA. You are gonna take your bumps and bruises. She has to get to get, get used to the speed of the game. And again, she did very well. I mean broken a assist record early on, early in the season. We all know she can shoot the lights outta of the ball. She's obviously doing a lot of physicality. Watch this next year she may be MVP of the league. She's gonna be, I guarantee you, next year she's gonna be a front runner for the MVP of the league based on what she did toward the end of the year. And you mess around, they mess around Indiana Fever and they give her a few more weapons and they're gonna be contending for the championship.


Nobody for nobody for some them making it to the playoffs. How they started, nobody in their right mind would've thought that they would've made the playoffs. And they made the playoffs. And again, what, six, six points from, you know, at least tie in to, to go to a to to a to a tiebreaker in that three game playoffs. I mean they lost two in a row. But again, I think the last game they won, they lost I think 87, 81, something like that. So again, they were, they was, they were in that game as well. If you, if if to is starting a football team and you, and, and you need to pick a rung it back, three rung it backs, you got a choice.


Adrian Pierson Lang and Thomas and Marshall fault. Who is to picking And Why? And why Like in in order or just, Just you number who starting? Ooh. Oh, I'm about to go. What? I, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna go with Marsha Falk because he, he's versatile. He can catch the ball out. He can, you need, you need a versatile back. The other two that you mentioned, very hard one runners can't take anything away from him. But as it relates to how an offense can really move the change, move the ball you need. You not, not, you not only need a running back that obviously, like I said, can make plays with their feet, but you need a running back.


They can catch the ball outta the backfield. And Marshall fart was one of those running backs that, and he did it, he did it better than some receivers. He caught the wall really, really well. My, my next will be a ap. Ap. Yep. I guess Ian will be third. I would have, I'm going with Peterson first 'cause I'm biased 'cause we both from East Texas. No, I get that. Trust me, I love AP again and I guarantee you ap here's my take on why I would start an, an offense. As I, as I, as I did as I said, then he would totally understand that.


Then I would go with Theia Thompson, then I would go with Marshall Folk. But to be honest, and I know you know this because you know you can't lose with now either one of 'em, you, you, you can't lose because they all bring something to the game. Was ap, was it his running style? His run you over run by you? He was shifty. He could score touchdown. I think he let the league in touchdown one year. I think he had like, I think he broke Emmy Smith record if I ain't mistaken. Then you got Marshall Falcon. Everybody know that run they went on in 99. How was that Rams team? Did you play against that Rams Rams team in nine. Oh you talking about the, the, the greatest show on Tur? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tory, Tory Holt, Isaac, Bruce, I think Ricky Pro, all those guys.


Kurt Warner Can't hear you. I I got you man. I heard what you saying man. Yeah. You said Kurt Warner. Yeah, Kurt Warner. Greatest show on turf. Those guys trust me playing against those guys in the NFC West. It was, it was tough. It was tough because we knew we had to outs score them, you know what I mean? We knew we had to put some points on the board because those guys were scoring left and right. Trust me it, they, they again, it was a three-headed Marshall. Like I said, Marshall Falk, he was like the X-Factor because again, he was a mismatch on our linebackers, catching the ball out of the, catching the ball out of the backfield.


You know what I mean? They put him on those choice routes where again, he, he faced those linebackers up he left. Right. I mean bro, it was, it was, it was no contest. It was no contest. That's, That's, that's good info to have on that 99 rounds. I've been meaning to ask somebody about that team. Marshall Falk was special. I know he was with Peyton Mangan and them too up there. That's amazing how Peyton Mangan had some of the two, two Hall of Famers at Marshall Faulk and Adrian James, Pete Marshall. No he didn't, he Marshall Falk played with Peyton Mangan. Yeah, from Manga 98 I think one year. Peyton, he was a rookie. Rookie. He was a rookie. Oh I don't know. I don't recall that. I think he was a rookie.


Yeah, I think Marshall Effin in end of 98 and then Peyton drafted. Yeah, I think he played with Peyton one year, then he got Edge James. So he have two H Fame. Man, you know more than I though shoot you, you back you a football, but you know something. I don't know. Nah, I think, I think Marshall played one year with P Mangan. Y'all look it up, you know we got people in the stat now. They going, they'll go in and run it down through that now. I think y'all looked that up. Y'all go look that up and see if Marshall played the coach one year. Oh, maybe. Was that a, that was after, that was after the Rams though, right? Was that after the, oh, Before, before he went to the Ram. He went, he got drafted by the coach. The nigga went to the Rams in 99.


Oh. Sh Man look man, I just played the game man. I don't keep up with nobody, man. I don't keep, I didn't keep up with nobody. I Yeah, one season. Yeah, Maybe he did. Yeah, one season. Okay, one season. Hey look at that. Look at Bump do. Boy, you boy, you know something boy, you know a little. So Hey man, I only show with you man. I'm learning some things man. Okay. Alright. That's what's up. That's what's up.


Hey Guys, it is Ryan. I'm Not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can, right? I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five Casino.


This is Ray Slater from the Soar Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota's been building for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of efficiency and safety. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's popping and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch. No one can stop you for more. Check out bs.com.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare Match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's dime beauty co.com code Get dime for 20% off Right now.


If you would say in your mind the best defensive team in the NFL so far, season. Ooh def. Ooh, man. Ugh. Ooh, that that hard to tell. I mean, who's who, who's playing well right now? I know, I mean obviously the Chiefs are playing well, defensive commanders. Yeah, I I would have to. Yeah. I mean, I guess a FCI would have, I would go with the chiefs. NFCI would go with the commanders. Hmm. I thought Seattle was playing good till tonight. Yeah, they, yeah man, I, I don't, I don't know what they lack.


Yeah, that was, that was a crazy game. I, I figured, I figured the, the, the Seahawks would, would come on, come out on top tonight, but that, that didn't happen. Well again, the lions are, are, are not, are no slouch either coming off the performance that they did the way they ended last season again this year. Again, everybody's expecting to, and that's the thing, every year is different. You can't ride a momentum off of last year again. It's gonna be a lot of continuity. It's a lot of rhythm flow of the game when it comes to, to the National Football League. So these guys, like I said, once they start to get, you know, get their, their their stride, they're gonna start to play well again. They've been in pretty much every game that they played, they, they played in thus far.


So again, tonight was a big, big win for 'em. The Vikings, what Sam do is doing with them Vikings right now, man, I'm, I'm he balling though. Balling. I get it, but I'm not, I'm not, I'm not sold on Sam Donald just yet again. I I'm just not sold on it again. Everything looks good right now. Let's wait till the season unfolds. Let's wait till we get into some bad weather. Some, some, some, some, some inclement weather. Let's, let's see how this thing shakes up. Let me, let, let me see what, how Get to week eight. Let me get halfway in the season 'cause I'm not really buying light right now, Sam. This is like fool's gold for me. I'm not really buying, I'm, I'm just not buying right Now by Baker Mayfield with Tampa Bay.


What they doing right now? Eagle fell off the bone yesterday. What's that? Eagle, Eagle meat fell off the bone yesterday in Tampa Again. You gotta think you are asking a lot of Jalen Hurtz without two of his starting receivers. AJ Brown and Devonte Smith. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's Well what about when one of 'em was there? He still wasn't doing nothing. He went out. Shit. Devonte got hurt in the gamete. First, second quarter in the game. But what they got to do with him turning the ball over the way he turning it over. Look man, when you, when when there's a lot of pressure on him, you're probably, again, you're trying to do too much, you know, and trying to get all, you know, get it all in one player or, or what have you right now.


There there, there's a lot of dysfunction going on with the eagles again. But you can't play. And, and as you've seen, a lot of team has a lot of injuries at the first, at the onset of the season. A lot of teams that we expecting to play well aren't playing well and largely due to a number of injuries. So that's gonna play a huge part in how teams fare out after week eight. And then, you know, stretching to the, to the playoffs. I would, I would say the injuries. But this, but this debacle been going on since the last season of last year. T and it's not he host problem. I think Nick ion time is up, Bro. He's he's at, he hadn't been there but a few years, man.


I'm just saying they haven't Four years too. Three years too long. Look man, at the end of the day, he's put in a tough position when you're trying to do your job as a head coach and then he ain't doing it. But again, but if you're not, if you're not, if you team is not healthy, you're not. But you meet Theo, the team started out 71 last year. No injuries. No injuries and fall off. And it's going on to this season. Look, we can't say injuries. Every team had injuries. They ain't Kansas City got nobody. Travis Kelsey look like he's 79 years old. Yeah, the the Kansas City. They got somebody that the refs, they got the refs. The refs are helping them do, I've never seen no Yeah, yeah.


The refs, no the refs have clearly two games already to a season. They've helped them manage to get two wins already. Just the eagles better get on board and, and and, and do whatever they doing. You ain't lying. They better start paying the refs. 'cause hey, right now they're, they should have at least two losses on their, on the, on their, on their record. I'm speaking of the chief, but they don't, they're undefeated. Yeah, but let's see it For how long though? We got, we're at this start receiver now. 'cause like I say, Oh yeah, this is, trust me, we gonna see again. It's gonna be a lot of plug and play. If anybody can make do with a injured riddled offense or team, that's Andy Reed again, trust me, I'm sure there's some guys on a practice squad or next man up on the depth chart that are gonna be filling in.


Trust me, you gonna see them play very, very well and all. Look, all it starts with, it starts with Mahome. All he and he's gonna give that whoever's in that lineup, he's gonna give them opportunities to make plays just as those starters that were in there that are, that they got hurt. Just like Pacheco. You got Kareem Hunt? Kareem Hunt had played there. He started, I think he started his career in Kansas City. He's back. He, he played well now you have Rasheed Rice who's out again. I don't know who the next receiver up, but I guarantee he's gonna give, he's gonna get rep this week, he's going to get in line up. He's gonna get a number of opportunities and if that guy can play, trust me, Andy Reed is gonna put him in position to succeed.


Trust me. I believe that. Do you like what you're seeing from Justin Sherbrook and Jim Harbaugh right now from the Georgia? Don't talk to me about no Harbaugh and no Justin, Justin Herbert. Oh. The people in the chat been arguing me all day about Justin Herbert in the top quarterback Trash, straight garbage. Right. Man, I aint garbage, garbage. They don need, they no need to even know. Keep talking about did They got rid of, he got rid rid of Austin ler. They wanna pay him. So that's what they get trash.


Hey man, but y'all watching me t do our thing man. Make sure y'all hit that like and subscribe button man. You know what I'm saying? Make sure y'all do that for y'all watching this show. Then you gotta know, you know what I'm saying? This show is, is, is being presented by pics. Go and use my promo Code. Said take them glasses off. Take my shades off. See Me baby. Yeah, you sh it man. Yous like new money over got Yeah you see it boy. See what? Make sure y'all go download pics right now. The number one sports fan app right now. It's more or less over got right now. Yeah. Use your promo code baby. You see five get $50 back. You see that skin glowing, don't you? You know why? What you got on to Shoot? Hey, I got that to me. Skincare facial scrub.


Yeah, I Go get that. Matter of fact you put that, put that in the description right now for these people to go and get that. Hey, that facial scrub. Then after I watch that facial scrub off while the, the face is still a little, little, little damp. Yeah. Four, five little drops of that serum. Oh you looking like this boy. Hey boo, y'all Have you ever had a lady friend ask you for something? Have you ever got your lady friend some of your product? Oh yeah. Yeah. They, they like it. I gave actually before I came back, came on the show. I was with my boy Dre last week. We did a the Houston Astros Foundation. We did, we did some, some, some, some, some marketing, some branding.


We had our products on one of the holes next to 50 cent. And his and his and his brand, his alcohol and I gave, gave a gift box to Andre the newly inducted hall of famer Andre Johnson. I gave him something and he, he told me tonight, he's like, bro, he said I used the facial. He said man that facial shrub is the bone. So trust me, that's Y'all go and get that. Go and get that skin. You see him glowing over there right now. He ain't even got nothing of that diggy all on. Go get it Right now. Nah, ain't no diddy bake all going on. Hey, this all me skincare right here. That facial scrub man. I'm telling you. It's awesome. Hey man, TL man, you know we, we appreciate you for coming on Ger today, brother.


Oh yeah, no doubt. Hey, Drop the merch too. Drop the merch too. Drop the merch act. Y'all go in going support my bro right now. Hey man, yo man. Hey, at first I said, I was like, man, I said that look like my, I look like one of my shirts. I was like, then I saw that Love me. I was like, yo, he rocking that I love me some mean hoodie. Hey you gotta show him the back though. He hit, hit that, hit that back. Boy. You gotta show on the back. Lemme Tell y'all gets back man. No homo p You gotta show you show show the show the back of it, boy. Let 'em know. Hey I love me, so me? Yes sir. You see it If you like it, go to prototype 80 one.com to cop that And. we have a black, we got a black one too.


Go and grab it man. Yep, yep. Make Sure y'all go and grab at No duh For sure man. No. Y'all tuning into the Bubble Dub show man. I'm your host man. Got my player partner man Hall of Fame wide receiver. You can say he top one, top two. Just don't call him top three greatest receiver to ever play the NFL vibe. I'm gonna give you top two Jerry Rice number one. I be two. I'll keep it 100 Already. We like that t we like, that's what we do on this show. We, we keep it 100 on this show, man. 100. That's what we're gonna do. But thank you all for tuning in again. Yeah, you see Speaking 100, speaking of 100 Richard Sherman need to start keeping it 100 too hating on my man Travis Hunter talking about his, talking about he's a bland receiver man shirt man, that comment was bland.


How you gonna hate on, how you gonna hate on a dude that's doing better than you than when you was in college? You played, you played bo both attempted to play both positions in college and this man is he, he's thriving, he's doing better than what you were doing then you gonna call this man bland advanced man, you need to stop Richard. Come on man. You better than that bro. Better than you. Way better than that. Yeah, I heard it heard. Hey bland bro. It ain't nothing bland about this dude's game on at either position on either side of the ball. How you gonna be bland? But I I I, I should have, I should have looked up the stat how you gonna be bland? And he's probably, I guarantee he's top five in receiving and starts on defense.


He, I I guarantee you he may be top five, maybe top three, top five in receiving. And he starts on and he starts on defense. You tell me what's bland about that. We, we need to get our, we need to get our version of our underdog for the show. I don't know, I don't know what we need to call, we, I don't know. I don't know what we need to call him, but we need to get our version of the underdog on the show so we can get these stats like immediately like upon request because I, I, I should have looked it up, but I know for I'm, I'm willing to bet I he is top five in receiving and he starts on defense. He, he plays both sides of the ball. So how another guy, go ahead.


Go ahead, go ahead. But how can you, but again, even with that statement, how can you say he's bland when he's leading? Probably touchdown, probably to touchdown receptions. I don't know how I probably, I guarantee he's probably top five out the, out of the entire college football and he plays both way and he plays on both sides of the ball. What's bland about that bro? That is straight. That is straight to me. So do you think, so do you think Cam And Richard are Hayden? I don't know. I think that the situation with Cam and, and, and, and, and, and Travis. I think that was all just jokes. Jokes, fun. Yeah, that fun's. Yeah, I, I, I reached out to somebody that was just, that was just fun. They, those guys, they, they was just messing around with each other.


But the other situation with Shado and Cam, that's, that's real. That's real. That's real. He didn't, you know, Shado didn't take kindly to some of the things that Cam was alluding to about his play, what he's done up until this point. Even backtracking to last year with some of his best performance. I saw the clip, he was assessing his best performance I guess last year. And supposedly he was saying there was against TCU but then went on to say, okay, we went on to see that TCU wasn't that great of a team. So it basically just basically just minimizes, undercut his performance. Like it wasn't nothing as a, as someone that has been an MVP of the league, a national champion obviously played in the Super Bowl.


All the accolades kind of took the same, you know, kind of took the same route. Similar, although didn't go to Juco, but he took a, took, took took a path less traveled than some of these other guys speaking of Cam and was very good quarterback. But I don't, I I, I, I don't see how that's, I just don't understand the commentary behind trying to minimize this guy's, you know, accomplishments thus far. I went to A-H-B-C-U school. Again, everybody was very critical. Said he wasn't gonna be able to do any of the things that he, that he's done thus far at a Power five school.


He's done that. Then some and more. What more do you want from this guy? What more do you wanna see from this guy? I, I, I don't understand the negative commentary towards somebody, especially our brother. On top of that, when he's, again, he's exceeding, he, he's, he's excelling every, every week. Again, you may not like the way he does or says something, but so what, what he's doing is going out there and he's putting it on tape, bro, last year, this guy toward the end of season took a beating. The guy as tough as nails. He's shown. He's, he's shown time and time again, he's a pocket passer. He can get outta the pocket. He makes some plays with his legs, as you've seen, like he's done it with and without a solid offensive line on a consistent basis, on a consistent basis.


This year, these guys are starting to gel. As you've seen in the last couple of weeks. These guys are protecting him a lot more. They're creating holes. You're starting to see a lot of balance with the offense, with the run in the pass. And again, even with going to the, the Hail Mary play again, that shows you the poise. That shows you the iq, just even with the, the, the, the offensive play called just with Pat Sherman, putting him in that position to roll, roll out to the left away from pressure and put his guy and put the ball where nobody could really catch the ball. But his receivers, bro, that's iq, that's a football player. That's, that's a, that's a, that you're gonna see this guy play at the next level next year.


You're gonna see this guy play on Sundays. So for, I, I think it was very irresponsible for, for, for Cam to come out and say the things that he said, or even insinuating or alluding to, you know, what he was trying to allude to that he's not as good as advertised. That's, that's, that's not, that's not, that's not a good look. You don't see other people doing it. I think you, it, it's, it's a, it's, it's just a bad look. And so, so in so many ways, especially for somebody that has accomplished so much and you're seeing somebody trying to achieve and accomplish the things that Cam has, ACHI has achieved, and to try to use all of this negative talk undercut somebody like this, and for clickbait or whatever you're trying to do, gain traction for your, for your podcast, your show.


That's, that, that's not cool you, that for me, it's, it's, it's, it's borderline hating, you know, trying to hide behind some constructive criticism, if you will. That's not cool. And to piggy off what you said earlier, Travis hung is the number five receiver in yards for 561. He tied for third with six receiver touchdowns right now. So, Yes. Again, so how, again, so how is that bland? Tell me, tell me what Richard Sherman, I'm looking at you. I, what's bland about that, Richard? What is bland about those stats? Bro, I guarantee he catches, he plays receiver better than you played receiver at Stanford. And I'm willing to bet I didn't see you play at Stanford, but I'm willing to bet my money that Travis right now plays better at DB than you did at Stanford.


Mm. The plays that Travis has made last year, the play that he made last year at TCU and one of the plays that he played, he made this past weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Coming off similar plays. TCU, there are some, there are some guys in the, there are some guys in the National Football League that don't make those plays. There's nothing, nothing bland, nothing bland about Travis Hunter. And it's another young man that say he's 17 years old with, With the wrong tide. Ryan Williams stud. S stud superstar. S stud, s superstar. This guy's the real deal again, bro. What you saw, what you saw on Saturday, was it?


That's Alabama football. I, I encourage anybody, I'm, I'm from, I'm born and raised in Alabama, so I'm, I'm biased, but I try, I even told my son when he was in college and I encourage any parent that I, that, that has any aspiration, you have kids that wanna play at the next level. You wanna put them in an, in a, in a, in a, at a institution, a university to, to put them and they got the skillset set to do it. Send those circuits to Alabama every year they're gonna have top, they're gonna have top running backs, they're gonna have top quarterbacks. And every year, if you go back 10 years, they've had some top receivers. Oh Man. They had some of the best Look, let lemme tell you something.


Ryan is a senior in high school right now. You have a high schooler. You have a high schooler balling out on guys that are in college right now. He should be in high school right now. Yeah. He You have a 17-year-old bro. Lemme tell you something, I encourage anybody, if you look at the offense, if you watch how these receivers run routes, they're coach, they're coached on another, on a, on a different level. On another level. Who Coaching them down though too? That's what I wanna know. Who Coaching them? Well, they, they got that sa they got that Saban blueprint and that lineage, that tree, when you have a guy like Saban and then you obviously you bringing Ken de Bo.


He's, he, he's learning, he's learning. He's seen the blueprint of what the, the general makeup of what Alabama footballer. That's why Nick Saban is called Nick Saban field. Now it's there for a reason. This guy brings the, the best coaching possible to coach these guys that want to play number one and win, try to win championships at the collegiate level and have them have the opportunity to play at the, at play at the next year beyond the collegiate level. Send them to Alabama. You see those guys, trust me, those guys are sound, their technique, they have the best tools in addition to their skillset to number one, to dominate at the collegiate level, dominate their opposition, but then put themselves in a position to make themselves very, very rich and wealthy after a, after college.


They're doing it now with the NIL they're becoming rich in, in college. But just think what they're gonna do after college when they put themselves in the position that they're doing now, lemme tell you something, Ryan Williams that brought, if he could come out this year, he would be number one. He would be in lottery pick t somebody to pick. Somebody says it's them white women down Got Well, what? Whatever, whatever. Hey, whatever it is. And whatever's working. It Is working though. It's working. Lemme tell you something. This dude, bro, this dude is dynamic. I, I've never, IIII heard about him, but I caught the last, I caught the second half of the George Alabama game, bro. This dude dynamic bro.


And let me tell you something and lemme tell you who, who else knows He's dynamic and they know where to put the ball. They, when you have guys like that, it's similar to Travis. You put it in their vicinity, in their, in their area, they're gonna make a play. Travis Hunter is one of those guys. And obviously you saw that with Ryan Williams. This dude is a bro, this dude is a senior in high school right now. He's a senior in high school killing dudes in college. What about the quarterback of Alabama? What he That's what I and ro that's what I'm saying. Miro the other person. Ro he's a freshman. No ro a sophomore? No, Melrose's a senior this year. Ros senior? Yeah, He's a, yeah, he, he, because remember he stayed, he stayed because he had an opportunity to get in the portal, but he didn't want to give up.


He saw that there was an opportunity to win his national championship. Right now I didn't think they were gonna move ahead of Texas to, for the number one spot. I would've been fine with number two and number one because Texas is playing very, very well with the emergence, the play of another freshman. How you feel about you Archie, Archie Manning, bro, this dude is a real deal and he definitely doesn't, I I I, yeah, he he has a different gene than those other guys. He has a different, different different gene than Eli and, and, and Peyton because number one, he runs faster than both of them probably put together. And he got some rhythm. Hey, Archie got a little black in him. He got, he Got, he got longer football. Hey, hey, hey, Archie got a little brother in him.


You, you saw how, how he broke it down? Hey, he got a little swag. He got a little swag to him. He ain't got none of that. So You gonna think we gonna see the starting quarterback for the longhorn no more this year? You think his s gonna run away with him? Oh, I, if if he, yeah he might well go. He might as well go when he get healthy he should just go get in the portal. I Heard here first. Y'all heard here first ladies gentleman, Bro, lemme tell you something. Ian is no dummy. There's no way he's taken Archie Manning out of that lineup with what he's done the last two weeks. Ain't no way. And lemme tell you something and it's no disrespect to to to what's that os yours.


Yeah, it's no disrespect to him, but sometimes injuries play a part in you losing your position. Typically that's not the case. But when you have someone like Archie Manning who's coming in and running your offense efficient and effectively and winning, there's, there's no justification for you making that, making it, making that swap Question I want. Okay. I know you know about this Texas Longhorn, they got money in their alumni, but with someone like the backing of Peyton and Eli and them does that also helps too. I'm talking about for as money in, in in Texas Longhorns. Nah, that bro that ain't got nothing. Yeah, no, as far as that, that booster money, they ain't got nothing.


They ain't got nothing to do. Everybody was expecting this what we're seeing now of Archie had Quint, what's his name? I can't think of the quarterback name for ERs, whatever his name is. If he hadn't gotten hurt Yours Yeah, Yours. Yeah, If he didn't get hurt and he played the rest of the year, this is what we were gonna see of Archie Manning next year. But guess what, we fast forward we, we, we, we, we we into the future. Lemme tell you something. He, like I said, he might as well go and get in the portal. Hey, he needs go. He can go get in the portal because lemme tell you something. Hey, the only way he gonna get this job back is not wishing no bad luck.


The only way he gonna get it back is Archie get hurt. Lemme tell you something. He, hey he might as well go ahead and get him a a nice cushion and and and get ready to sit on the sit, sit sit on the sideline. 'cause he not getting that job back. The backup quarterback, which is Archie Mangan is getting more NIL money than him. Rightfully so. Rightfully, Rightfully so. Do you see what he's doing? Are you not? I mean I clearly, you know, But balling too. That's what I'm saying. He was bowling. Hey and guess what Archie is on fire bro.


Archie is on fire right now. Man, that motherfucker gonna be Eli Manning in four years. Hey Eli. In four years. Oh, he gone in two years. He gone in two years. Oh Yeah, he gonna the league. You gonna be another Eli. Who what? Eli won. Eli won two championships. Did I Shit by that defense. It don't matter. He still won. Man. You know Eli wasn't that damn good man. Stop. Trent D wasn't wasn't that good either when the raid and What won Sharp. Say What? You making my point? I fucking say the same thing. You finna say I'm just won but Hey I Archie Manny gonna be better than Trent Dilfer. No, I agree with that.


I definitely, he He gonna be better than Trent Dilfer. I still think he gonna be throwing picks like his uncle though. I still think he gonna be more Eli and Peyton. Are you crazy? Hell bro, bro, he ain't be Bro. He ain't, he ain't gonna be neither one of those guys, bro, bro bro, he, He gonna be junky Manze. We done seen this shit before T Nah, nah, don't don't do that. Don't do don't do that Bo Doug don't do that. Don't do that. Bo Doug. Nah, arch. You look good. I ain't gonna lie bro. Hey, He Look good. Hey trust me. And, if you, the way I guarantee you the way he's playing right now, he's, he continues to play. He'll be, he'll be a candidate for the Heisman. I guarantee he Yeah, I can see that. He'll, he'll be a candidate for the Heisman if he continues.


If he stays in the line and plays the way he's playing, he'll be a candidate for the Heisman. He won't win it, but he'll be a candidate. I see that. I could definitely see that for sure. Yeah. Oh yeah. Thank y'all for tuning into tonight's show man. Me the good brother to be looking forward to us on Monday nights. You want more of us DM us. Let us know. I be rocking over here on The Bubba Dub Show man. They Said said Coach already named Quinn the starter for the Oklahoma game. They did. No way. When he get said That's crazy. Really? Yeah.


Is that facts? It gotta be Red Ri No I don't dude name Brandon Huggins. I don't believe him. That's my stat guy. Oh, Brandon Huggins is? Yeah, Brandon are you For sure. Okay, well look man, I'll make sure Brandon w right. Brandon Huggins. Brandon Huggins said Coach already named Quinn. You as a starter for Oklahoma. Oklahoma game, bro. I'm like, okay, well shit, maybe you know something. I don't know. I I don't know. All I know lemme tell you something. No, he's out. He's out. Oh, come on Brandon. Hey man. Hey Kick Brandon Huggins out the, out the house. Kick him out. Kick him out the check.


Come on Brandon. Come on man. You stop all that man. That's all that cap dog Don't be doing that Big cap. Y'all forget to Glory going crazy over talking about, oh man, so Archie now, man, Archie now, he ain't going nowhere to. Alright, cool. That's what I'd be remiss if I didn't, if I didn't give a shout out to my son. My son has been on Ir, he broke his hand a couple weeks before Tr before preseason with the San Francisco 49 ERs. We was out earlier. That's why I'm a little late. Do he got the call? He'll be going back. Rejoining the Niners. They gonna try to bring, they gonna bring him back on the practice squad, so dope, dope. He'll be back with the team this week. So that's good. Shout out to my son.


Good luck to you son. You know I'm wishing I got my popcorn ready. We all rooting for him. We all root for. Yep. Hey. Yeah, so yeah. So there. I love you. Wishing you, wishing you well. Go out there and do your thing. You know what we do, you know we done talked about it, you know what I mean? Get your opportunity. You gonna, Hey, if you gonna be there, you gonna show up. Hey, you gotta show out. You know what I mean? That's what I tell my kids. If you gonna be out there on the floor, you, you gonna, you gonna, you ready the ball out, you gonna show up. Hey, you mind West Show out. Wow. For sure. Well we appreciate it. Tyre. We root for your brother. Glad to Back with Retre. Not Tyreek. Re TER Tarek. Not Tyreek. Kee re t ei and just like your name with Terre.


EE yeah. T-E-R-I-Q-U-E. Tariq. And, and Yo. Terrell. Terrell. Terrell Terrell. Yeah. Like Terrell, Texas. Yeah, That boy. There you go. You can't, you can't mess it up no more. Bubba Doug. You can't mess it up. You can't, you can't mess it up. Tarrell, Texas For sure, man. But thank y'all for tuning in for me and t Yo man. God bless y'all. Have a good night. We'll see y'all. When y'all see y'all go out and grab my brother Merch. You see I'm rocking it. You be rocking it too. We, when we See you go The Volume


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos and clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances. And with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet was Really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by yourself securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch. No one can stop you for more. Check out bs.com.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


Hey guys, It is Ryan. I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic one. I can right? I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun. Sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. Five five casino.