
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones.


Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Holiday magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals to make Your budget price finds the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or dsw.com. This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases.


So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you re ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options.


This card issued by the Bank Corp NA person went to license by MasterCard International Inc. The Volume. Yeah, yeah. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show. I'm your host Bubba Dub man. Get ready man. Welcome game tonight between the Detroit Lines and the Green Bay Packers before we get this show started. You already know what to do. Hit the like button. I know you see me in the Detroit jersey right now. You turn right. I got it on. Hit that like button. Yeah, hit that like button. Hit the subscribe button if you ain't already hit it.


If you already watching me. Hopefully you already got your notifications on too because you never know when we gonna drop over here on the Bubble Dub show tonight. Two evenly teams playing in the same division in the Ham C North there. The Green Bay Packers came in 9 93 with Jordan Love and they went down Detroit. Yeah, I told them before they go out Detroit do not eat Eminem ma. Spaghetti trash. Don't y'all eat it. Listen to Eminem all day. Love is me Phenomen rapper before it said food recipe. Don't eat it. Yeah, Detroit. I mean Detroit Lion came in 11 them one today and they faced off tonight.


Let me say tonight was a great game between two great teams, evenly matched joy, love and you got Jerry Goff. Jerry Goff has been on 30th season. I know he gotta be in the M-V-B-M-V-P discussion right now and I'm loving everything going on in Detroit right now. I'm loving it. 12 and more. The damn four family ain't stopped giving away F fifties all year. They've been giving away F1 fifties all damn near up there in Detroit. It's what the six's, what is what the Detroit Line team is doing right now and I'm just keeping it real with y'all today.


This the team I got picked to go out the NFC. I got the Detroit Lines and I got the Philadelphia Eagles. Them the only two teams I got coming up, the NFC, trust me, green Bay is a good team but they ain't going nowhere. They might win one game in the playhouse and they going right back home. But Detroit, they got something. This trade is finally paying off for Detroit Lines. When they got rid of Matthew Stafford, he went over there to la, got something against Snoop Dogg weed and won them a championship. Y'all was in Detroit sad down and now oh man they got the Bega trade. Well just hold on because Jerry Goff, Jerry Goff is balling this offense is balling right now.


Not fuckers break the game down to you right now. Both running backs for the Detroit line. They didn't have just great games but they had enough games. They had 44 yards from Montgomery. 43 from Gibb 87 yard. But as a team they had over 107 rush yards. When you have over a hundred yard rush yards against any defense, you know what that does now they can't put seven, eight men in the box like that. Why? God, they got a worry about to play Action Pass And that's what the Detroit Lines did today. Jerry go was killing them with the play action pass tonight. Detroit Lines had to ball 36 minutes, 36 minutes tonight against Green Bay having to ball 23 minutes.


That's why Detroit won this game by time of possession. Both teams had one turnover. That was it. What one turnover from both teams today but Detroit controlled the ball. The team who controlled the ball gone win you. Right, because what Detroit Green Bay couldn't even get back on the field no more. They couldn't get no stops. Detroit kept getting, first down, Detroit had 27 first downs tonight. Let me say that again. The Detroit Lines had 27 first downs tonight. Green Bay had 17 when? When Green Bay was on the field they did great but when until they got into the red zone they could not cash in in the red zone tonight.


That's something that the Green Bay tackles need to work on. That's why I say they ain't going to no Super Bowl, they're not going to do nothing once they hit the playoffs because they that right there, the great teams, they pun you in the red zone. That's what the good teams do when they get down there, they execute in they score. That's what good teams do. And sitting here watching the Detroit line, I'm sitting back thinking man, why my cowboys can't play like that? Why? Why? When we get down there we dropping the ball fumbling and going on foul start holding and shit. That's all the Cowboys do a fucking hole. But Detroit go down there, quarterback sneak hand the ball off, play action, everything going right for Detroit.


Everything going right for Detroit this year. Big Mic Home, new Teeth, new plug is up right now in Detroit. Eminem got a new album. Eminem gonna be a grandfather now. Damnit. It's going down in Detroit right now but I betcha Temptations rolling over they damn grave right now. Yeah it was some missed calls tonight nevertheless it was a missed call tonight but the Detroit lines controlled the line of scrimmage. That's all. They controlled it. 36 minutes, it's 60 minutes in the ball game. They had to ball 36 minutes even though it was 34, 31 Heavenly Match game.


Both team had turnover but if the defense can't get off the field, the offense ain't got a chance to do what they supposed to do. That's all I'm saying. But it, I hate for Detroit to be playing this good right now y'all. I hate for Detroit Line to be playing this damn good right now in the record season. Get to the playoff season and that goddamn regular gonna start leaking because the Detroit lines ain't nothing but a Ford Court. If they radiator leaking it's over. So I'm thinking right now the Ford plant right now they got some kind of new radiator in them damn Fords up there right now. They holding up real good. They ain't running hot, they ain't doing none of that.


But let's see, come postseason do that bull, that mogul still run the same? Nah, I mean you could. You could mean the last 4, 5, 6 weeks. You know you could say well you know Detroit the one what the last 10 games in a row and you saying they gonna look good as the Eagles I bet to differ. Yes the Eagles might be, might look a little bit more exciting but don't forget the Detroit line been putting up 40 some points. They put up 50 something on somebody and the Eagles ain't even really full strength. We got Devonte Smith yet. You asking me who I'm taking right now? Jalen Hurts or Jared Goff. I'm taking Jared Goff every day of the week.


Right, right now over Jalen Hurts and there's no knock to Jalen Hurts. I think he's a good player but I just think right now Jerry Goff is the guy now running backs. You know they gotta running back by committee going on up there in Detroit. But ain't nobody playing Bugga ball in the backfield than Saco Barkley doing right now for the Eagles. Ain't nobody running that rock like Saco right now. Nobody, not even free Ray Ricky Ross couldn't run that rock the way Saquon running it right now. But overall good game. Good game from Prime Digger. Yo wasn't boring. I didn't want to turn it, I didn't wanna miss nothing tonight. Ain't nothing like watching two good quarterbacks go up and down the field with they team.


It just that Green Bay couldn't do nothing in the red zone. So what they going to have to start doing is like any other team watching what they calling down in the red zone because I know they practicing and practice. They practice Red Zone play. Well that shit didn't work Laro. That shit didn't work. You gotta come up with some else this week some males because that's the game y'all could have won but you didn't. Food stamp fraud allegedly Brent far rolling over in his bedroom right now. That damn cheese has melted. Cheese done melted in Green Bay right now. They partying like a mother up there in Detroit. Don't you think they ain't them damn pawn shops at Casino going off right now.


Somebody right now getting robbed right now in Detroit. Somebody say the Vikings. Oh Vikings playing great ball but do I think the Vikings can beat the Detroit line when it matters? No then it's green rolled up this gray right now way the Minnesota Vikings playing ball right now. Man don't forget DS Green had them boy 15 and one. Randy Mo, Chris car or Dante Cub Pepper Robert Smith. Don't forget that Minnesota VI 15 balling that team kind of go, you know, you know be forgot about because they didn't win it. But that was a good team the Minnesota Vikings had with Randy Mo and Chris car and them.


I forgot what year was was that 98? Was that 98 that you had Was balling like that up that Minnesota but nevertheless though Detroit line's 12 and one right now 12 in the morning and and and they rolling and don't look like they slowing down. Oh at oh but I wanna talk to y'all or so it's story time with me. I wanna talk to y'all about, about certain people man. About, about having accountability with people. Man my hunger girl had had had hit me up man. She was like man I wanna, I wanna start working out, I wanna start working out and you know if you start seeing me slacking, I want you to tell me about myself like real talk. So this what I don't understand.


How you gonna ask somebody to do something for you and when they do it you cus them out. That's what happened to me. Now my homegirl told me she wanted to start working out. All of a sudden she wanted to start working out all year. She been, this motherfucker been built like a, a melted candle. That's how she built, she built like a melted candle but all of a sudden now she want work out bitch. Okay bitch, she working now, she doing good. I'm I'm proud of you keep doing your thing. All all of a sudden other night I see she, she eating pork chop macaroni and cheese. I like hey, hey hold up now that ain't supposed to be in your diet. Don't y'all know this motherfucker cus me out told me my, my business with my bad big ass.


Hold on. I know I'm bad Bill. There ain't nothing to brag about. Now you asked me to do something for you now you cussing me out. I'm done, I'm done y'all I'm not doing it no more. People want me to do something for 'em and when I do it now they want turn the shit on me. I don't like that. People always want you to do something for 'em then they want to treat you like that. Just like my sister called me. Hey bro, you can tell me everything little bro. Be honest with me. Is my boyfriend cheating on me? Hell yeah. Don't you know my sister got mad to me up behind that. Why would you me that on my own bitch tell look gonna turn on me.


Aw man, that, that, that shit bothers me. Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is a open a door to stacks of them and if it's your card that fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing.


It's on eBay so go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love. What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds To have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more check out bs.com This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals.


These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. Chba looking for excitement. Jumbo Casino is here.


Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the cmba life@cmbacasino.com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary board web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals.


Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data.


Visit joint signals.com today. I don know about y'all but that's why I stopped. Have you ever asked somebody do they need any help and the whole time you praying to God that they say no I ain't lying bro. I gotta quit setting myself up. Like every time I go around people man you good. You need something. But in my mind I'm hoping them motherfuckers say no shit I be walking out before they can even finish That ounce of shit mean. You know I'm, I'm glad you asked that. Do man you think I could do shit. I'm telling you, you got when you, you could be careful what you ass certain people man because they take a thing to your ass D day.


They don't care. 2024 man these people don't give a damn people that you think riding down the road right now. Half of 'em ain't even got insurance on that damn car. They riding, swerving and everything else out this damn world. Why? Because they ain't got no insurance. They give damn. They give to accident. They gone. They fucking gone. And I hate them ones who will bump into your car and be like hey man don't call the police man. I'm just going to pay you out. Well guess what, you better cash me out right on the motherfucking spot because if you can't catch me out on the spot, I'm laying down right here where we at Following now saying I'm hurt not finna play with y'all man don't call in on me man.


I promise you I'm gonna pay you now them niggas who be saying that be lying like a motherfucker. I'm, I'm guaranteed this 3,500 worth for work. You got 3,500 get me right now. Yeah I got you. Wait till Monday. Shit not waiting on no damn money. I want my money now or I'm calling the police. Oh we black we brothers shit. Yeah I don't give a damn what color you all I see is green. If you big in some situations like that y'all somebody hit your car and they just wanna look, Hey man this we ain't gotta do all that. Let me pay you out.


Call the police because nine times outta 10 them motherfuckers is not gonna pay you. You'll be riding around with a dinning little ass car now when you go and try to pull up on little something something nine, you can't do it because you gotta d in your damn car. You know these women they already don't want fuck with us no way. They already, I just wanna thing, I don't understand men who are doing good in life will go out and give a woman who ain't wolf a damn ain't got nothing going on for her. But how many times have y'all seen a woman that got everything going for her? Go out and find a a a man who ain't got nothing going for herself. Never your shit backwards. The shit backwards.


Don finding you somebody who, who, who on your level. That's all I'm saying. Somebody that even though you going pay this down this food bill even she could pay you. You got these motherfucker women you take, you take them out to eat they oil, lamb chops, beluga whale bitch I ain't never heard of beluga whale in my life. That's only a damn polar bird died you of your old organ beluga. Wait stop it then you got your phone out Boomerang bitch you feel boomerang. That's what you feeling born right. Then they throw in I ain't feeling good. Shit you better be because we feeling do a whole, I forget that beluga well outta you when you leave me you gonna be back hungry again.


Y'all know I'm telling y'all the truth. Women and women who watching y'all know I ain't lying. Y'all do that to the people y'all don't like I ain't feeling good shit. That's when I take you on a long motherfucking ride down the countryside. Where we going bitch ride put that Tupac on me and my girlfriend. Shit. And you say you what? You, you you what? Oh shit. Thought so man you gotta start putting yourself in good situations. Especially you women. You women too. You gotta start putting yourself in good situations like start bringing your kids around these men.


You going even know you met this guy two weeks ago. You already got him in your living room in here talking to your son. Like like, like like like like you know what I'm saying? Like like he gonna change your son life. That man only there for that cat. That man don't give a damn about on you and you know it. Your mama done told you stop bringing me around your kid but you can't do it. I be just a man sick am now your son in here talking to this nigga. He gonna call him. Somebody happened to me, I go music a female one time sitting down talking to the little boy and he called me another niggas name. Don't you know that hurt my motherfucking heart the whole time on the date. I want to know who is Chad.


He kept saying everything. All right now who is Chad? No my son didn't shit seem like Chad need to be in your motherfucking life instead of me. Here I am working at the children porch working 12, 13 motherfucking hour 2, 3, 2 or three weeks to stack up some money to take your funky ass out And the whole time you oh you spreading your ego for that crushed me. That crushed me, broke my heart. I still in there staying for a little while though. But I was hurt. I I'm crushed. Lemme tell you something about these women in 2024.


These women will make you find God shit. What? Banging Mary J Bly. I'm not gonna say oh no not the time because she's not worth my seat. I was crying like a motherfucker. Listen to Mary j Bly man went to church and everything went Up to told the pastor I church forgive me of my sins that I committed but I need help.


I need help man we can dish it out but damn it we can't take it. I'm just being 100 with y'all at night. We do all this. I'm man I'm this and that. When you find out somebody is getting your cat, you sick nigga. You're sick nigga. I had this, I was so hurt man. I stalked this dude. He ain't know I was stalking him. I'm not gonna see I was putting his tires on flat sugar in this thing. He ain't know what was going on shit. Nigga was me. It was me. I did it. You ain't finna be me her no motherfucking where no more shit. Yeah it's gonna be a 50 50 chance you make it over there and 50 50 chance you make it back Hold trifling too.


Give me a hug and kiss me right on my lip. I'll be right back from running my mama eye out. Bitch your mama dead or I pee but your mama dead but you lying to me telling me your mama lie. That ain't your mama hoe lying to me. Yes you can go out and meet that dude. Plenty of nice eyes sit on that couch and and I'm just pondering I wanted to pow but I didn't, I didn't do it y'all I didn't do it. I God won't put no more than you can bear y'all. Well y'all I don't understand what I, what dub been going through these days.


I been going through it y'all y'all keep praying for me. Been going through a bad year. Cowboys ain't been worth a damn but we on the way. I'm still going through some shit with my Lakers. I don't wanna fucking know what's going on with my Lakers but they took a ass whooping last night. I don't know what went on down there and got damn South Beach but none of them showed up for Broing Bru. I only one showed up and I looked at the stat sheet, I looked at the injury report and guess who was on the injury report? Brut James His heel. What the fuck with heel boy you ain't been playing and bro say so smart shit.


You you right behind him. You right behind him. I ain't vote championship you can go, there's a arm you gotta put fur in them players on. If I'm in it bud, I'm walking through the motherfucking locker room. I'm not talking, I'm not saying nothing. I'm just hook robbing my head just like this. Damn right. You might not be here tomorrow Dave Vincent. Bye Vanderbilt. Bye squat business.


Some of y'all say you wrong man. I'm right. Look I know every player in the league not gonna play great every night. I know it. You going to lose something. You going to win something. But what you can do expect from players to have effort. Them guys didn't have no effort last night. They let Tyler hero hit seven threes in a motherfucking quarter. I don't like that. If I'm ever playing against somebody and they going off, I'm putting my elbow right in Tyler period. Tyler a hero nose. Boom Boom you going to the locker room for a little while you might come back but you going to the locker room for a broke nose.


That's what I'm gonna do to you. You not finna be going off on me like that nigga. I gotta come back to practice tomorrow and look at the film. Everybody top my ain't that show man. Now we not gonna have all that. You think I'm bird from a bugger rim bow and everybody else will follow Man Dub ain't let nobody run the score up on him. Damn right. And I if I'm a player that's in the league and damn that's what I'm gonna, if I'm a defensive player that's what I'm gonna do coach I'm doing my part, the other motherfuckers ain't doing theirs. You think I'm giving the ringers way. I'm bringing them Glocks to the game from now out.


I'm not, I don't gonnaa put fear in the other team's heart or in my player's heart. I don want them to know I'm going give it everything I got every time I touch the court. These players don't do that. D motherfucker playing Uno before the game together. I don't want my best friend. I don't all that shit. We here to play a game. I'm here to take you out afterwards. We can be cool but right now I gotta get it. I'm going for mines. And that's the problem. These players, some of 'em are okay with being mediocre. They're getting up checked, they're getting a bag done and that's all they care about. No y'all need get y'all ass on out the way.


Go get out the way and put players in here. They really want to go ahead really want to compete. That's what the game missing. That's why the ratings down on down now because these boys don't want to compete. They want go to the golf course every day, walk the golf court, put the ball in the net worrying about what your stats is on NBA 2K five should be known until you start playing begar every night. If I'm NBA 2K two five, I'm putting these niggas rating on 70. You ain't making them in the game. You damn so ain't gonna make 'em in the video game.


You boy think they step curry now when they step on the court all they wanna do is shoot threes and don't wanna play no defense, no want do nothing. Don't want get mad growl or nothing. Look I ain't in the league and niggas going there. I'm pulling them out the air. Come here. You ain't gonna dunk on me. You gonna think twice about dunking on dog. I put you on your neck. They had to kick me out the leave. That's how cold I be. They'll put me out the leave. Ain't nobody dunking on me. Shit you gonna have to catch me slipping otherwise I'm putting elbows in your neck, sternum, everything. Don't care about taking no ass whooping. But I bet you won't go in there and do that no more than me. You going think twice.


You's the same thing with my baby mama boyfriend who beat me up. Yeah he beat me up. I ain't gonna lie, he knocked me out two or three times. But lemme tell y'all something that last time I grabbed him and beat him on his neck. You thought I was a motherfucking frenchie and I wasn't letting go either. To this day he got a big, big old biting mark right here. It came from me. I bet you he gonna try to fight me no damn more. I bet you man. I bet you gonna sell months he did in jail. I bet. I bet he's every reminder of what he did to me. He did sell months behind me. He assaulted me. I went and got dressed. I went to JC Pings and bought me a suit and got damn went to court and handled business against fam.


I did that. We court appointed lawyer come here worker by me, he beat me up. I couldn't go to work at Sonnet for two weeks because I was hurt. I black thought I was a raccoon. I was hurt. What was the sympathy for me when he was stomping me? Wasn't no sympathy. Now I'm supposed to have er day and telling y'all telling me I should drop the case. I'm not dropping shit nor nigga state pick it up. Well I called the state my damn self before the trial pick this shit off. I want him prosecuted and they gave him himself months to this day when I come over to get my kid, he got the most up respect for me nigga you better because next time you won't get seven months, you'll get seven years.


It's all about letting people know you ain't no pushover man. You might whoop me once, you might whoop me twice but that third time you going down you and simple as that. Hell yeah he went to jail man. Man pick me up like a a line pick up one of them Gazelle and told them off shit had no choice. I latch onto him and beat him right here to this day you can see the mark real talk. I don't play no kind of games like that man. I'm a grown man dog. You not finna keep knocking me out when Andwhenever you feel like doing that. 'cause that's what he was doing to me man. Dude was knocking me out in the daytime.


I wasn't sleepy. I I I don't even take day naps but he was catching me slipping bro and knocking me out and you know he was a big old dude but it made no excuse for the situation. But they, he thought it was funny like he, he thought he could keep doing what he wanted to do to me and get away with it. And there's consequences man. There's consequences when you do something to me. I'm not the one I send you down and I don't care about what the what the hood say. What the hood. The hood don't owe me nothing. I don't owe hood nothing and don't explanations either. They talk all that, they talk all that noise. They want to me man you this man you did this and that man.


But they going to be have that same energy when them police pull up, they talk all that shit to me and you what they'll do to me. But when the police right there, they don't say a damn thing. Like I always say what you, what you say Ken and will be used against you in the court of law. Talk this shit now Jeffrey. Don't get down talk with, tell him what you told me. You quiet now. It's okay. I've got you recorded you. This nigga's tape. That's him. This took avoid listen tape. Listen. Same person lock him up Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect.


There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and vintage spots where designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dish style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay so go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds To have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates.


Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required.


You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and con Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends.


Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


Not playing no games jogging night man. This show being presented by prize piece man. Use my promo code two two hs in the trash man. Betting on your favorite player more or less over there. Put five in. You gonna get 50 back instantly man. Go right now. Prospects type it in man. Use my promo code trash for two hs. Shout I got to my people God, San Antonio, Texas. I see y'all December 27th through the 29th at the Improv in San Antonio, Texas. Grab them tickets. I got five shows. Grab them tickets right? Nah, that's what we doing man. Know some of my people probably still asleep in the bed right now. We got a thousand people on right now.


Shit, I'm satisfied with that. I ain't doing no tripping things. It's gonna get better for you know it. It's gonna be 10, 20, 30,000 people on here but it's all good. I don't worry about spilled milk. I let the cat lick it up Monday night. Cowboys are playing the Cincinnati Bengals. I told y'all the other day I see in the Dallas Cowboys defeat the Cincinnati Bengals and make this play out picture look a little bit better than what he is been looking. I'm telling you right now. The Dallas Cowboy got some cooking up there in Dallas and we cooking up a good ass whooping for Cincinnati. You say what you want. You can say what you want right now about a nah man. I'm telling you the Dallas Cowboys are about to go on run now.


I ain't saying we gonna go to the playoffs and win. I'm not saying none of that shit, but what I'm saying, these next couple weeks gonna be fun as hell or watch what the Dallas Cowboys start doing to the team telling you Cincinnati come here, watch, come here Philly, come here. We finna get you. Y'all done gotta come. We finna get y'all come on Until more people that can't watch my show today. Hey, go get Apple podcast and go over Spotify. Type in the bubble dub so download it. Oh yeah, I need, I need all the, I need all the downloads I can get God darnit. Y'all come on over here waiting on you. Real talk.


Everybody's still crying, not crying but talking about T and Roach. It's gonna be a good fight man. You got a DC fighter got a Baltimore fighter man. Two young fighters Tank undefeated I think for the first six, seven rounds. It's gonna be exciting. That's, that's all I say about Tank. A Tank normally take rounds out six, seven rounds gonna be exciting. I say about eight, nine round. That's when you finna see the real tank. That's when you finna see the Baltimore and this nigga. Now I normally, I don, I always say most of the time them light skinned dudes can't fight but Tank is different. Tank different.


Ryan Garcia. See where you at fa you been missing you in rehab. You see, you all be, man I came to Waco, Texas last year bro. I was in Waco, Texas last year. Man y'all pull Up to come see me in San Antonio, man. Real tall. Y Baltimore different. I just feel like, man, I don't know. I don't know who gonna be able to beat Tank. I don't know. We gonna see. That's all I could tell you. We definitely gonna see though. He knows what he saw and he's here. Y'all know what time. It's probably the hell no segment of a show when somebody can ask me a question and I'll let him know if it's if if, if it's hell no or not, somebody can ask me.


Bubba do what you move to Africa permanently. I'm Africa Motherfucking lines and, and Leopard Man come out your backyard man. Late night you wanna come out there and barbecue. You go out there and you ready barbecue. It's a goddamn leopard shit. Do you think, you think about what I'm just telling you it's a mother, black mother out there. 15 foot shit. I live in Texas, we just got a rattlesnakes and shit but they don't get 15 feet, 15 feet Black Mambo in Africa. No elephant. Shit, I'll not, I'm scary shit.


I said my girl out there, the goddamn barbecue. I ain't going, you don't want barbecue on you going ahead my neck hurting shit nigga I'm going out there and get eight C. Somebody say they got 800 on tank, y'all see him? Hey somebody take him up on this. Somebody say he got 800 on tank. I think that's a good deal. Somebody should take him up on that office boy say he got eight, 800 on tank and no time figure out there. And I don't understand why people keep being fascinated with these poisonous snakes and, and and and reptiles and shit. Like the kimono dragon. Man you got these cameramen, they really out there in the trenches. The cameraman never died by the way.


But they definitely be out there in the trenches with these kind of animal. I can't do it man. Like I don't even, I don't even like going to the zoo. I'm sc of that damn peacock that they got running around at the zoo now. Shit, imagine being out there man. And, and and and the truck breakdown that you in the truck breakdown and you out there surrounded by Lions. Deep thin motherfuckers ain't ate. Some of the people out there ain't ate you looking like lunch. You, you hear me looking like lunch. Nah, y'all dub ain't gonna be able to do it man. But y'all talk to me though man. How y'all feeling though? Shit. Floyd come out retire to fight Tank.


Hell no I love Chap jump Lee Tank alone. Chop old man. Chop ain't, these reflexes ain't the same no more man, not Taint, nah, nah, nah, nah not Tain. Nah that, that wouldn't even, I would, I would wanna see them fight when they was in they prime. That would never happen. But nah far old man far damn near 50 now man. He, he reflexes ain't the same no more as they used to be. He might do good for about one two, about three rounds after that. Nah, I don't see it. Go give up. Oh yeah, how you doing? I'm definitely getting there. We already know Hung up. Travis only going to the NFL man shit. We know that for sure go help brung on them black if somebody need hippies all as man I don't know what's going on in la.


I just got through talking about it. I don't really know what's going on in LA right now man. They gotta make a trade. I heard they talking about getting random Ingram. We gonna need him, we gonna need him in a and a couple of more down pizzas because the LA them boys ain't getting back on defense. They, they flag out. I watched them boys flat out walk back down the motherfucking court. I saw it my own out in Miami, walk back to the motherfucking court. I act like they was on that power. You know when they go down there to Miami, they the party they on that power line. Now do I believe Tank going retire after his next fight? No, I don't think he gonna retire yet man. I know he say it's hard ain't in it but Tank just talking when he gets this, when he get another one of these big ass checks, he gonna want a couple more.


Just tell he gonna want a couple more then he might get up outta there. But he ain't finna leave this kind of money on the table. He just talking. He ain't, he ain't finna leave this kind of money on the table because if that r go see a fight and generate 75 to 80 million or that debit hanging fi can somehow generate to a hundred million. Ain't going get nothing Get off, ain't gonna get get off. This aint way with me right now. It's December time. I'm gonna tell y'all me some real shit. It's December time y'all listen to me. It's December. This the time you want to get close to your girl because after December what? January and what's after January? Taxi. Every time my girl ask me to go down going dammit, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm her and all.


I don't give a damn it's tax season. Tax season come. I'm doing everything. My girl want me to open the car doors, everything massaging, feet massaging Nick, I'm cooking doing good and damn well I can't cook around that tax season time. I'm doing everything I'm supposed to do. When you see me and my girl at the store or at the movies we holding hand, I'm standing behind her kissing on her neck, calling her a queen. Telling her she beautiful. I'm doing all that for that job. I normally don't eat Cat that good but when they come to income tax, season dub or expert and I'm jabbing Tyree sweet lady, would you be my sweet lover a lifetime?


I'll be there when you need me. Just call in Ree see me. Hey tax season I'm i you be putting this one inch kangaroo to work. I ain't bullshitting you boy. I be having flowers on the bed man. When she come home from work, her bad water has been ran. I got a rotisserie chicken from Walmart neighborhood are in there too, already in the oven warmed up in case she hungry. I got you boy. Soon as she come in the room I'm spreading them.


I'm spreading them and I'm getting down low like a, like one of them navy seals be when they sneak up on sneak up on the, on the, on on on the op. That's how I'm sneaking up on her from the bedroom. Even though it's a air mattress, I ain't got that far to go up. But when I come up though, I had the black thing around my eyes right here. I'll come up like a Navy seal. Assume the position dub go through to putting this tar. I like it when you moan baby don't stop get you I get Pat left, come here.


See the difference between me and y'all when I was coming up I was fucking my girl for a place to stay. I couldn't go back to mama and them so I had to put this one instant work. And let me tell you, God made miracles every Thanksgiving. You help me. God made miracles every Thanksgiving for me. I ain't shit right now but taxes season are come I'm him. I'm not. I'm him and some of y'all should be him. You safe. It's the woman want that thing. Give it to her.


Some of y'all old school things ain't working. You got too much pride to go down to that store and get that honey pack. You better get your old ass up out that bed Larry and go down there and get that hundred pack and give Nadine what she want because Nadine worked that me. She hearing all the homegirls at work. Talk about how they husband still giving it to him. He your sorry ass here at the house. Can't get on hard. Larry, get your ass out that bed. Go down there to that damn corner store, get that honey pack and come back and run Nadine ass out. I'm not bullshitting you. You gotta make Nadine if you until tonight night girl.


Hey, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell y'all man. Gotta enjoy this though. You better enjoy your time right now. Especially with my peoples time is too short, man. Time is too short man. It gonna loss a lot of people over the years due to Covid so I already know that Ka gonna be the reason I go. I ain't gonna lie. Ka gonna take me up outta it here. I'm not bullshitting. I'm I'm, I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing. Real talk. Not playing. I'm I'm gonna have fun. You better have fun too. My trash sugar day going to Lincoln in the Lakers thinking of getting rid Darvin ham, bringing in a podcaster.


Coach was going to help and I like JJ Rigg and I still think things gonna work out, but he a podcaster head coach. That's what they brought him in. Meanwhile you got preaching, they had Mark Jackson over there. Nothing but the good Lord in his veins. Nothing but the good Lord in his heart. Nothing but hums and humming his songs in him and they didn't wanna bring Mark Jackson in. Why? Because he like, he loved God. Damnit, that's what we need. God brought this motherfucker podcast in him and, and he called a couple of good plays and all of a sudden now we going see you Lakers.


Let's play better. I'm coming out there to see y'all in two weeks. My Lakers fans out there in LA man, I'm gonna be at the game in two weeks, man. Y'all pull up on me. But we gonna get things right in la we're gonna make a trade. We're gonna get things right. Cowboys, we gonna win this Monday night, we gonna kick ass. That's what we going to do. We gonna kick ass to my people just watching this show. Thank you. Thank y'all for tuning in. I know it's late. I know some of y'all normally be in the bed by now, but you still up with me laughing and going on. I really, I really appreciate it over here. God real talk. But keep it locked until I see y'all again. Peace and blessings. I'm out. The Volume As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom.


With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank. Na member FDIC. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online casino style games all for free.


Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus For bundle subscribers, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before. With ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton crew.


Now streaming terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now. Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow.


Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.