
TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold. With Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True TV This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo Holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great.


You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now. If you like bacon, you'll love Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. It's smoked for 12 hours. That's a really long time. So for that delicious, smoky flavor, keep it Oscar, it's time for that. Once a year event Truck week where you save big on America's biggest trucks, including the 12 ton. 12 liter. 12 hours of Oscar Meyer smoking thick cut bacon for half the day they're still smoking that bacon.


If you're driven by your love of smokey, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar. Hey, it's Kevin Hart. In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save like tag one cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC. This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases.


So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options.


This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc. The Volume. There have never been a night this big on Friday, November the 15th. Netflix and most valuable promotion bring the biggest event of the year, the most anticipated fight of the year. We talking about Jake l Gallio Paul versus Earn Mike Tyson baggage man on the planet. Also that night a historic rematch between Bray, Baumer, Kagan, Taylor and Amanda. The real deal Serrano. The last time D two leg got in the ring, it took women boxing to new heights.


Watch Paul versus Tyson Friday, November the 15th at 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific Time Live on Netflix. You can also follow the Road to the Fight by watching the countdown between Paul versus Tyson three part documentary series beginning November the 12th, only on Netflix. Good morning. Good, good morning and Kanye West Ford. Hello. Good morning. Hey bad y'all. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub. Show man. It's your host Bubba Dove, man to my first time subscribers man.


I just wanna say thank you man. Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome. Hit the subscribe button too. If you just not tuning in. You ain't already subscribed yet. Don't subscribe to the to this podcast today man. They they Friday, you know what I'm saying? It is early in the morning. I know y'all expecting me to go live last night. I wanna catch you mother because bright and early this morning I'm up early drinking on that OJ on that good old oj. Yeah, I mean my thirties now man I gotta drink orange juice, milk, water, cranberry juice, penicillin. Yeah, I'm going all that right now this morning. But I wanna start to show out with with them Baltimore Clam Child Ravens.


That's what I wanna talk about. Lemme tell you something right now. The Cincinnati Chili Bengals were giving the Ravens everything they wanted yesterday they came out on fire Joe Burrow shit. So Burrow got something him and Jamar Chase. Now what they ain't got is a running game and it showed last night Burrow put up 428 yard passing on 56 attempts. But guess what? They had 16 rush yards. That ain't gonna get it Otis. Ain't nobody come to see you. Oh and you know it. Yeah. But other than that it was a great game. I liked the the aggressiveness from the, the Bingos head coach at the end of the game, instead of going for one, they went for two.


They like damnit we going for going for hours tonight. They played like Norbert. Y'all remember when Norbert was getting ready to go see Kate on that date and Big black Jack say hey I need you to take this her and Norville like nah I'm not taking that this and her because he thought he thought they was kind to take him away from Kate. And what Norville say Damnit, I'm going for mines tonight. That's what the Cincinnati Bingos did last night but it didn't work. They lost 35 to 34 to Lamar MVP action Jackson. Oh yeah Lamar 25, 30. No y'all can see her. Prince say what y'all wanna say about the game but that first hand the they was talking about Lamar Jackson look like he's hurt, he's not running the ball.


No, I thought y'all wanted to stand in the pocket and deliver but damnit that's what he did. Stayed in that pocket and deliver in that second hand. Come I'm finna start using my motherfucking legs. Yo Dak this who you need to be watching Dak Prescott Lamar. Yeah he in the pocket going through his progression looking down the field. He see, he see an enemy, he going dump it out, took the back, took the running back right there. That's what you supposed to do. Check the ball down when there ain't nothing down the field. Most quarterback can't do that though. They won force shit and when you force shit, your ass over on the bench losing So yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and say it right now. Lamar Jackson will win the N-F-L-M-V-P again Born injured five games in a row.


This man gonna ha over 250 something yard passing. Y'all 24 touchdown two picks. That young man is balling defense ain't what for Damn. Ain't neither one of these two teams defense. What a damn, let's just call it like it is. Jamar Chase had 11 catches 264 yards on receiving. Now that's when you in a contract season, that's how you step up. That's how you ball Bingo. Don't wanna sign that man y'all a damn fool up there in Cincinnati. Y'all better get all the damn chili and the money y'all got together and give it to him. Who gonna chase on their team name a team right now that couldn't benefit from Chase services.


Remember that word I just told y'all today? Services, it's a lot of people's services will no longer be needed. We gonna get to that in a minute. But right now or is Lamar Jackson playing the best ball that we ever seen from him? I will have to say yes. More poised in the pocket, not forcing nothing down the field. Just taking what the defense gives him. When a quarterback just take what the defense give him and don't try to do more than what he supposed to do. You going to be successful And I'm liking what I'm seeing from the Mark Jackson right now. And think about it, he ain't got the character team on his back no more like he used to.


He got Derrick Henry now. He didn't have over a hundred yards rushing last night but he gave him the ball enough just to keep the defense honest. And when the defense is honest, you can play action and throw it over to Mark Andrews and stuff like that or Nelson AOR like I'm loving what I'm seeing for them Ravens right now. You seen me with the jersey on the other day? I'm rocking with them. No, Baltimore Ravens is not my team. No they not. I don't even want y'all getting any feeling. You can't be wearing them. I can wear what in the hell I want. Well wearing the married jersey today but I'm still a Laker. I'm still a lake. I'm still Arad cop off in that heart. But in public I'm a buffalo bill and that won't change either.


That won't change how I feel. Yeah I'm still a cowboy but I'm hurt, I'm fractured, I'm fractured. But right now the cowboy services is no going need. And I don't know if y'all been watching tv which I know y'all heard what Trump said the other last night. That's why I'm wearing this hat. If your ass illegal, your ass outta left. You damn right you ain't got your paper. And I mean every taco stand around this motherfucker Finn be Don. So I'm talking to my brothers right now. My sisters don't start back get y'all trailer rag ass trailers fixed, backed up.


I'm ready to invest the money in you too because guess what, we back we number one. You damn right it ain't no jobs you me because we already know the legal they they I don't like that that they you the illegal people and then you know what I'm saying Then don't pay 'em that kinda money. So they doing you illegal people a favor. They sending in you back home and you can make all the money you wanna make over there. But for us who couldn't get no jobs, put your application in right now. Oh they gonna start hiring like a motherfucker and over time it's coming. So I got me a list made for all the illegal people that need to go starting with number one down here in Ace Town, Johnny D Diamond boy come on Johnny D come on you get your good grill Diamond making ass up out trying charge me 30 hand for a necklace when they hold worth five band never won't get my services.


Shit got to go you number one on the list. Damn like okay Trump, I got one Johnny Dang I want y'all to help me out too Johnny Dang on that goddamn dang list. Goddamn damn me number one diamond boy. I don't want y'all to miss Johnny. I love you. Go Johnny. But you got to go number two Idre elbow. You get your Good Britain acting ass up outta him. Taking all the good acting job from a brother like me. They don't even look my way when you in. I don't you get your ass up out here. Idre elbow shit. Ire elbow out here, he ain't got no paperwork. Drake, Aubrey Graham, you get your As back to Canada making up all the goddamn money around here.


Drake got to go. They not like us Trump they they not like us. They not like us. Not like how you coming in standing on business when I in y'all got days to go don't make me you. That's what Trump y'all got hundred days to get your shit together and go. Because when I'm in office I'm clearing this shit out. Every judge was on Trump case. Every prosecutor, all that. Your services is no longer me number three August Whater. Nigga you ain't got your papers either boy you done came over here and made 500 motherfucking million dollars and you ain't legal got the who else Sylvester Stallone got the door, all them damn Rocky and Rambo movie you made and you ain't even got your paperwork.


Yeah we know about you got go who else on there? Even though I know he got his papers but he got to go in and anyway Jerry Jones, you get your good rich ass up outta him. You gonna mean us Dallas, Dallas Cowboy fan no good, you gonna mean us no good. So therefore you got to go change around here now for get some good. Right. And for the people ding me man I don't really give a fuck about politics man. I'm on here having fun and going on about my day. I don't let whoever in control bother me because who in control of me is God be up there somewhere watching over me, you and anybody either. I don't care who all this, that man you secure man.


I don't man because I still got a job to do. I still gotta go to work. I still gotta come over here and entertain y'all because some of y'all be needing some laughter in y'all life. Dammit. I'm here to provide that for you. Guess whoever in president ain't going to change your life. So get out your feelings, start back laughing, start going back out having a good time. But for some of you women please, my homeboys calling me, telling me y'all ain't gave up, gave them no ass since Trump got evicted. Stop it. It's selfish. Now I'm I'm gonna ask y'all a real question and I'm done with this politics bullshit. If them white people didn't put Hillary Clinton in office, what made y'all think they were gonna put that yellow health in now Now answer that.


If they ain't putting they own in that motherfucker, what make you think they gonna put up? Stop it now. Barack, I love your good talking ass. You talk a good game but you and I both know that woman didn't have a damn chance. Trump them all down at the golf course right now. Having a good old time dying now. Now let's get back to business. All illegal immigrants, you got to go. That mean all the employers out here that got these jobs and this and that, you got to release 'em. You better not hold onto slavery gone. Slavery go on. That means people to look like me. Hey come on, we need you now.


Yeah, so all y'all people who got feelings been complaining man I can't get a good job dub. I know it fam but God done hurt your prayer. He finna open up some doors for you. He finna open up some mother fucking doors for you. Sometimes you just gotta be patient. Sometimes we just be rushing everything. Rushing everything. Stop rushing everything and sit back and just watch how shit unfold. See you always thought man that man we ain't gonna get nothing. You ain't gonna get nothing. Shit. Yeah Mana make some shit happen for y'all. Ain't not make nothing for me or anybody. Yeah but for some of y'all y'all finna, y'all finna be back in the ball game again now see your car ain't got no AC in Heger now but before long you gonna have ac heger look of music in your car, money in your pocket won't be long.


You know what I'm saying today you could be broke tomorrow. You could have money be patient. Quit running your mouth all the time you block your blessings. That's all You block your blessings sometimes running your damn mouth. Oh yeah. I like this shit right here. Oh boy I'm, I'm, you see I'm wearing all these tacos stand running around here. Don't speak no motherfucking but you checking English though. Stop it. You know I ain't lying whole time they reading the newspaper shit. You not fooling me and you ain't fooling Trump. Get your good, get your good godi making ass up outta him And what I, what what tripped me out the most of my mess.


'cause you know I love you, I'm with you but somebody y'all went out and voted for Trump knowing damn well your grandma Irene illegal. How you gonna break the news to grandma Irene Put the goddamn chalos, put the damn what you call them to. I can't tamale put the tamales down. You got go back home. I don't understand. I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna show y'all people bullshit. What y'all, when you see them white people pull up in them white vans when you see them white people pull up in your yard and you know you illegal. You see it's over. Don't worry about trying to run and hide. They know who you are. They got people like me that's helping.


I know number one in Houston. Damn right. Stopping all this shit right here. But how y'all feeling today though? Friday motherfucker Friday man, God bless you to see a a a a new week, A new Friday. How you going to enjoy yourself today man? That's what I wanna know. Who going out tonight? Who? You know what I'm saying? Who going out for drinks? Who chilling? Who waiting on the game to come out? You know the Lakers playing the sixes the night. Both of 'em fucking hurt. Lakers ain't done a motherfucking thing come out three and oh got me all excited. I know what I'm saying. I'm feeling good all of a sudden they gonna start back losing again. One thing I like about JJ Red keep calling them out.


I like what he said to DeAngelo Russell you bring your hothead gold dust looking ass over here on this bench and seat with me. You reverting back to old habits boy throw you the ball. Two crossover step back clam. We not gonna do that. If you gonna, if you ain't gonna make no damn you gonna play defense. That's how I should be in house. That's how I should be in your motherfucking house. House fellas. You doing all the motherfucking work. You shouldn't have to hear no mouth at all. Where you going? Where you being? I wanna go see it's time for us men.


White, black, brown. I don't give a damn who you are. It's time for us to take a stand again in our homes. We've been too nice, too lenient spoiling them like spoiled milk and something nice We don win in nothing. Took some of them rose spoil peel. We hor them them motherfucker we want to do something and you touching on her back and she don't want roll over. Shit don't roll over. I'm gonna roll over with your clothes. I I guess act right around you. You gotta start putting shit on people mind you gonna act right The next wheel We don spoil them too much. We paying the light bills. Start showing up with S and when you leave take the candles Rich telling you truth.


Figure day I'm not bullshitting with y'all man. It's time for us real men to take a stand again. It's time for us to do it. We gotta do it. We got the show We in control. TNT Sports on True TV is here and it's bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in above the fold with Jamil Hill. TNT Sports is taking over primetime making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True TV This holiday season.


Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without Compromise Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card.


Card typically takes 15 days new finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required. Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love You gotta put in time to get that rich smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar tired of tossing and turning all night on your old lumpy mattress.


And it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state-of-the-art memory foam technology will have you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah while you're sleeping. Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar. Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave.


Next time do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG hotels and resorts Right. My neighbor right now next door to me. I know that motherfucker illegal. Just what? I'm coming outside after this show talking cash money shit to him too. You running around here letting your dog shit in my yard. I ain't gotta worry about it a hundred more days. Hundred more days. You and that damn dog both gone Come over here and talk shit to me and my mother fucking country and got no respect for me.


She bringing all them pounds of weed over here and then don't wanna share with do you got to go to my people that do is illegal. Thank you. Thank you for having your paperwork. Damn it. We gotta have our driver's license to drive. Y'all good no driving. Motherfuckers come over here, wreck our cars and go back home and they ain't got no insurance And then we, when we stuck damnit if we gotta have driver's license, y'all gotta have paperwork too. Right Is right and wrong. Gets wrong. Damnit we right running y'all how Assses dying there putting that man in office knowing your damn grandma ain't legal boy. I ain't never seen no shit like this in my damn life but I thank you but I thank you.


I thank you because now my people who got felons or my people who can't really read him right now on the jobs, they never get raises and this and that because they can't read and write now they'll look back up on as hey I got to bump you up now what you making 15 an hour now you going to $25 an hour now you finna have insurance again. Yeah. It's a beautiful thing baby. Sometimes you just gotta be patient that's all. Sometimes you just gotta be patient. But let me get back to this game. I'm talking about the Lakers in the Sixers. JJ Red Colin dlo Al Ain't nobody on that Laker team. Ain't no way LeBron James at 40 years old should be outplaying the players that's on that current run ain't no damn way.


LeBron got gray hair everywhere look like a seal or back out there. But he's hustling and bustling. No he ain't playing the defense like he supposed to because he Oh you can't expect bro to run the offense the way he's running it and then play defense. No. So if bro gonna run the, I need somebody playing some defense. Lying, lying the door people ain't who they say they are. Kirk Franklin out here doing RB moves in the church house in Prince boots. Somebody lying to me.


You in the house of God doing RB moves nigga. But you got on prince boots. Stop it. I ain't never seen nothing like this in my life y'all. I'm telling you man. I'm telling you man. We seeing all kinds of shit today in the world that we have thought we'll never see. We are seeing it right before our very mother house y'all and ain't nothing we can do about it. All you got to do is sit back, mind your business, mind your business, embrace yourself. That's all you gotta do. 76 Joy LMB hurt, hurting and hurting other people too. I ain't mad at him. You can say what you want to about my game but when you bring my family into it, it's we got problems.


That's how we got problems. Got Paul George back but that's Paul George. He'll come back light it up during the regular season. Postseason you can't find it. Tyree Maxey Finn be out for a while. I don't know what's going on in Philly with these players on this basketball team but they are but they're continuing to get hurt. Y'all need a better train staff over there. Everybody want to go out and get the top players but you need to go out and get the top training staff. That's what you need to do. Go out and get the top people that's going to train these player bodies. What you're putting in your body fam. They need to study Wil chamber. I hope somebody took his blood before he died because the man didn't let nothing stop him. Man was I heard Horn each and every night still putting up 60 and 70 points a damn night.


Wilt Chamberlain should have been studied. That's all I'm saying because he players today making a hundred, $200 million. Get a splinter in they hand. They got two, three damn months girls fans here buying tickets to Cge tall ass Giants playing. And then when we buy the ticket, oh they ain't playing this game they I hurt. Get the fuck outta here yo. I hurt. Your damn ass gonna be hurting. You keep playing. Think I won't lock you in no room with d Howard. Shit I'll, I'll speaking of Dwight Howard, Lakers going get, we ain't got no big man Hayes. Ain't what? Damn. Yeah I know Dwight Howard 38, 39 years old but he still can play the game of basketball. He still can go in there and get rebound.


He a bigger about it. We can put him on Yos in the playoffs. You ain't got to play him right now playing Spurling. But we need Dwight Howard, we need Jve McGee go get him. If you wanna win, you gotta do whatever takes to win. I didn't know no better when I was time to come up I would put some work on the streets. I'm just, I'm just being 100 with y'all today. That's the old me. I don't do that no more. But when I would need some money I would put some work on the streets. Damnit, let's eat you home. Shit let's eat whatever it was. I'm not gonna name what it was but I was putting it on the streets and it came from right here.


How bad do you really want it? That's what you gotta ask yourself sometime if it's a act on this show watching on an tang or somebody trying to do something like how bad do you really want this shit because you can get it done but you gotta put the work in basketball player. Man they don't even give me a chance. They give everybody a chance. Y'all crying about Brody being on the team now. He ain't dying in the G League in the first game. Sold out. You say what you want about Brody? He put asses in seats and that's what the owners care about at the end of the day. Yeah we done lost 30 in the row but my bank account for I think Bruny gonna go down there and ball out.


I'm Bruny James. I go down there, I ain't talking to nobody. I'm shooting this motherfucking rock all day and night. My daddy LeBron Ho. I'm not passing the ball y'all. You box out rebound and find me when you cross head court. You better be throwing me that motherfucking ball or you won't be in the G League no damn mo you be at Rucker Park. I'm burning James. I'm burning James. All these hoes y'all be having at them room. They come to me first. Bring them on in him. Let me test them out bro.


Done sold out the G league y'all do y'all hear me man I know his game ain't what supposed to be or where y'all think it should be but Damnit, he done sold out the G League. Nah man that mean people going down there to watch bro James play and as a player I'm telling my coach just get me the ball and stay out my mother way. Don't make me call my daddy. Don't you make I see I'm one of them. Oh make me call my pop. I'm brother James My first game tonight I'm shooting the ball 35 damn times I let throw it down. Oh shit I not get yours outta so I so I'm going one on y'all.


Thank y'all for joining me today man. Shit. This show being presented by prize pick in case y'all didn't know. Yeah go on and use my promo code trash with the two H's man prize pick. Doing real good over here right now. Real talk. You put $5 in, they gonna give you 50. Yeah real talk. You can spend $10 on prize pick and win $1,500. Them other apps cool. But they ain't PrizePicks more or less is what you That's what we play over there tonight. Probably got bro going for 23 point more or less. Austin re 17 point more or less probably got Paul Joe for 22 and a half point more or less. Lakers need some motherfucking help. Go and get Lu Walker.


Austin Reeds do not need to be starting fuckers Lakers. He need to come off the bench and provide a sport. Why is it Lu Walker on the NBA team and why isn't he on the Los Angeles Lakers? Lunny Walker can come in right now and start with the Lakers. Tired of these good players not being able to get on these teams and play. Lu Walker is a damn good ba basketball player y'all when he was on the Lakers, all he did was produce then why he not there? Why he not there is what I want to know. You mean to tell me Lunny Walker ain't better than Cam real? Stop it. What about Van do stop it. Van do ain't playing three motherfucking somethings.


He been hurt ever since he had the guard Curry get his bad mogul as up outta there. That mogul no damn good. Just about it. Just like some of y'all cars out here, car look good then a motherfucker rims paint inside guns. Speaker screams when you open up that motherfucking hood garbage and I mean garbage need to be on the lost end. They need to go get, if they gonna get him, they need to be trying to trade something. Go get ball, get get him.


I give up Cam really connect the rookie. I don't give a damn two first round pick. Go gimme the ball, go get one of them because we need somebody to bring the ball up to court. We need somebody with some nuts on the team. Gold Dust having that DeAngelo Russell is not it. I took off for him. I told y'all we didn't wanna hear nothing about the trade rumors he couldn't play well with damage. Start them back up, start the trade rumors back up y'all please. But DeAngelo Russell ain't getting the job done no more for us. He just not getting the job done. Point blank and Simple Sons playing.


The Maverick tonight got Clay Thompson is back. Kyrie Luca, they might go back to the final Damnit, they might just wing it. I don't know Peggy book and Bill, they gonna have something to say about that tonight. This gonna be a shootout tonight. And I'm be honest with you, I really don't know who gonna win it either because can't nobody hold, Kyrie can't nobody hold, Luca can't nobody hold Ka. Can't nobody hold book Bill. You mean Clay can kind of go at it then but them two shit y'all keep talking about bro old kg old too steady of putting up numbers. Jump shot still with y'all gonna be wanting to get Kag his props man y'all can, oh he had to go to Golden State and get those two rings.


Shit if he wouldn't have been there, golden State wouldn't have got 'em bro would have about six rings right now. Won't be for KG nap head ass. It wouldn't be for kd bro. Have about six rings right now. I need to start putting respect on KD now. I know y'all. She saying well he said that he probably never getting no statue. Shit. Oklahoma need to give one but put Oklahoma but put Oklahoma on the map. Remember when they came from Seattle down to Oklahoma, KD was on that team kd, he built that team. Him and Russ built that team down now. So yeah. Yeah Oklahoma should definitely be a Kevin Durant a statue or something if you just asking me what y'all think.


I'm gonna ask y'all, how do y'all feel about Oklahoma building Kevin Durant a statue or something even though he never won a ringer but hey feel like the man should have a statue. Y'all talk to me man. Real talk. I'm coming to Georgia soon bro. Coming to Georgia soon. Somebody say kg suck man stop it man. Kevin Durant don't suck man. How many times k win the NBA scoring champ thing like two or three times. He nv N-B-A-M-V-P finals MVP twice. Man I gotta salute Kevin Durant man. I know he went from a team that he was up three one on and losing then went to play with him.


I get all that but we just talking about basketball just simply basketball and, and and I don't know. And other other, I keep moving it but be honest. Kevin Durant what? Top 12 Ville NBA player. Top 12 ville. Fuck I'm thinking Cowboys got the Eagles this week. I'm really not too excited about that. That that that vagina hurt. He not playing so we gotta depend on, oh boy, I can't even think of his name. No damn more the the, the quarterback over there. Cooper Rush gotta depend on Cooper Rush Eagles.


Eagles on the run right now with Saquon with Hertz. They got aj, AJ Brown back Healthy Devonte Smith healthy, they got Godard over there a division game. Look, I'm looking for the Eagles to win 33 20. I'm gonna give us 20 points to score. Lamb gonna play. Man it bad. It's just a terrible damn year for us Cowboy fan. It is a damn shame that our owner don't even care about it. But we do. We care more than and we, we care more than the organization can do. And that hurts. And and some of y'all, y'all too. Y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all too loyal man.


You shouldn't put up with that type of mediocre man. You should move on to bigger and better things and better teams. And that's what I did. Y'all I I stood down in the mud long as I could stand there, but I needed to be washed. So I went to the Buffalo Bills and I like where I'm at right now. They they, they love me. They treat me with respect. They invite me out to the games. Some of the cowboys never do. Do you hear me? So all that man you can't be do I do what? When the fuck I want? I rock with who? Rock with me. How you mad at me for telling you how you playing? That's the problem. Y'all want these, some of these players want you to baby them. Ain't nobody babying y'all grown ass niggas never.


Nigga you need to move your feet nigga. You need to look down the field. Look at your receiver, look at your running backs. No, I'm gonna call your ass out when you're playing like trash. When your ass playing great. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you're playing great. That's how up there in Buffalo. They rolling. They not bullshitting up there in Buffalo. They trying to win a ring whether they win it or not, they trying to win it. They making moves to get better. When I got Cooper we ain't go out and get no damn body. TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B US Soccer and More.


There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam room with EJ and Chuck in above the fold with Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over primetime making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv. Hey Listeners have a gamer on your holiday gift list but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core i nine processors Gaming happens with Intel Shop now only@lenovo.com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days new finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required. Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You gotta put in time to get that rich smoky flavor.


Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar tired of tossing and turning all night on your old lumpy mattress, then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state-of-the-art memory foam technology will have you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah while you're sleeping Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon.


Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar. Wake up at Holiday Inn express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG hotels and resorts.


I knew we weren't gonna do shit when I went back and got Zeke. We chose Ezekiel Elliot over Derrick Human and y'all wanna sit up here and be faithful to a team. Do something like that. How many times do a motherfucking rags snake got to bite you to you will realize he poisoning. I'm I'm asking how many times do a poisoning snake have to bite you until you realize it's poisoning. This, you steady going out here to the game, steady going to the damn tailgates, burning up all your money and you ain't getting no results. No results in this life. You want results, you put work in, you want the results.


You don't understand. You talking to a chick two or three days, 2, 4, 2 or three weeks after that you want so yeah we cool, we friendly but it's time for me and you to do what grown folks do. Is that all you think about? Yes. If I go to work, take care of my mother. When your fluffy ass come around, I do All that. I wanna watch you take your clothes off and you hurry up Goddammit. 'cause you look good. The only time I want the lights on when I'm seeing you take your ass off.


Once you get your ass off, lights out out take s see you. What you to be doing? Gonna watch my bad built ass stroke. You. No you not. You never gonna wash their belly from my fat. Fly over. I can't let you see that. We get into an argument you gonna tell everybody bubble do got they flub on his right side. No you won't. No you won't. You will not embarrass me like that. I don't do it to you. You got stretch marks from the tip of your nose all the way down to your motherfucking kneecap. You don't hear me saying nothing because I love stretch marks real men love stretch marks.


Women with the little fu right here stomach in the way. Real men don't care about your little stomach pouch. We'll pick that stop pouch up, move it to the left side of the right side and get up in that motherfucker and do what we supposed to do. That's what real men do. Y'all dealing with little boys. Maybe you need to lose weight. I can't do nothing with that. It's in the way but moving got the damn way. Moving. Got the damn way. That little old player behind like a like like a running back when you like him I'll put that motherfucker right there in the pocket. Ain't gonna be much I'm putting in there but I'll put it right there in your pocket. Come here come.


He knows what and Watching this show then you know we do something like the hell no. Segment over here. My girl asked me why don't you take me to the hood? Bye you. Hell no. What I'm gonna watch them motherfucker throw my rice up in the air. All damn and fuck. Hell no. I fora turning tricks, turning tricks with my rice. Remember my put my rice on my damn plate flipping my shrimp and steak up and down and asking my girl open your mind while I flip it. You better not open your mother. Your mouth ain't box your spot. I want try you, you want you want you a new nigga then I'm the only one tell you open your mouth and you open it. You won.


Open it for this motherfucker girl ain't got his paper. It's okay. He won't be here long either can you on King song outta there. I'd be the one making hibachi for your ass in in a hundred more days. Killing your shit up around him. There's gonna be some changes around him and it's gonna be for the best too. Y'all didn't like it at first but you going like it when the end. I know you with me a RSI know you with me. Them boy trash. That's why I ain't with them. Look me and my motherfucker, I'm not with the cowboy in my heart I'm with them but in public I'm a Buffalo Bill fan and I ain't saying to shake shit.


So lemme tell y'all something right now to watching my show. When y'all see me at the Washington Commanders game and all commander's gear mind your motherfucking business because I done told you Young 18 paying me so I'm wear what I wanna wear. I'm gonna support what I want. Support simple as that. Y'all do it. Y'all don't rock with people who gonna rock with y'all do y'all. Hell y'all no. So let me do my thing. Don't forget I'm a chameleon first. My job is to make y'all laugh and entertain first. Some of y'all be taking this shit two mother serious and it ain't that serious.


I'm in the cowboy thing for over 40 years. Good for you. You want a cookie. You wanna but what heck cowboy done for you? What money have they put in your pocket besides when you betting on him? Have they ever called you out to a game? Never gotta start thinking about this shit. Two my people that went to work today. I know them goddamn donuts were there day again. I know know them. Diet coke were there again. Die eww again white people not bullshitting right now. They showing y'all how they really feel right now. They excited. They cars been nasty. Oh yeah. Them white people don't start back watching they damn car with mud haul over them.


Damn. Pick up not no more. No big F fifties and GMC truck Clean armor raw down. They were bringing Perillo cheese sandwiches to work. They back, they back feeding us again. Pizza cop salads shit for he shit. It's a change going on in. It's for the best. Got to love it. Some of you don't right now. And you know if first Trump is in all, I'm like man honestly I don't want everybody mad. I can't even be mad yet. For what I know in them first hundred days. You better get to send in them motherfucking checks out. I do that Dad first on the day Trump sending out checks not for me for for y'all.


Y'all better take advantage of them too. And I know what some of you thinking. I'm gonna get this little old money when they send it and I'm gonna get back on the streets. No you don't. You go out and get you a motherfucking job. Sorry lanes as all y'all want to do is hustle. No, go get you a job. You know illegal immigrant go the doors is opening up for you now. You ought to be putting in apps right now. We not hiring. Yeah, you ain't hiring now but in a hundred more motherfucking days. I'm gonna be number one on your list and I'm be right in your face. Yeah, come on in. Yep. Starting you out at $25 an hour and don't you start missing work either you take your ass to work every day.


You make it count. Especially if you got a family. You make it count for your girl and them damn kids. Tired of losing us to the the jail sister. Man the devil will trick you boy. The devil Blessing is a trick. The devil had you out here hustling. Hustling good, getting money. Oh I'm bawling. I got the holes, I'm doing this and that And then before you know it, you get that and watching you boy 5, 10, 15 years run it up now you fucking running down and took that ass up in that jailhouse because that's what's gonna happen. So we have to be smart and I ain't just saying us, I'm saying all us as human beings, we are We.


Don't believe in that black and white shit. That's bullshit. I don't believe in that. I believe in us. It's the whole we got to do better. I I don't like this and that. Your kids playing with white kids every day at the goddamn schoolhouse. But you going to like them. What you gonna tell your kids don't like white people don't like Michigan. Don't make Chinese, don't like Ka. Stop it. We all getting, we all getting along. We don't like white people but when we get sick and get into the hospital and the doctors in nothing. Most of 'em white, most of them Filipino. Man don't work on me. If you ain't black, you ain't saying that shit. Then when you need your life saved sometime we need to be careful about what the shit we say come out our motherfucking mouth keeping the 100 Now all the games I, I'm keeping in a buck with you.


Be careful what you say because I ain't got no room to talk about nobody and y'all ain't got no room to talk about me. If I'm wrong, damn. Hold me accountable. But if you wrong I'm gonna hold you accountable. But damn if I'm right standing up for me when I'm right, I'm not going to hear the damn no damn body. I ain't got no window or nothing to throw out. Ain't got no heaven to hell of put nobody in. Anybody that's watching my show. I ain't no better than none of y'all because y'all ain't no better than me. That's why when I see everybody out in the streets or wherever I see 'em, I treat you with respect. I shake your hand. I dap you up because I was right there with you. I ain't no better than no damn body man.


I'm just bubble th a regular old guy that's trying to feed his family. That's all man. That's it. Not in no competition with nobody. I ain't trying to be the best comedian. I ain't trying to be all in. I'm just trying to beat me. That's it. I ain't robbing nobody. I ain't freaking nobody over to get. I'm being me. My only weakness is my heart. I'm too mother and kind. I don't know how to tell people no sometimes that's my only problem that I have. My real friends watching this show. They'll tell you he too friendly man. That's my only problem I got y'all and it comes back to hump me sometimes man. 'cause I invite some people in and treat 'em like family.


Then they start feeling entitled. Man's my only regret man. Being too, having too good of a heart man. Other than that I'm good. Some of y'all probably in the same boat I'm in man. Too friendly, too kind. People continue to mess over you man. Try to make you feel bad about yourself when you ain't even done nothing wrong. I'm dealing with that every day like I ain't gonna gonna let it stop me. So when I come over here and doing this show, it's me venting and getting shit off my chest and talking to y'all. Feel good when I talk to y'all, y'all gonna know I go through so much shit in my personal life. Y'all don't even know man it ain't none of y'all business. 'cause I never tell you 'cause it ain't your business because know I go through shit just like you go through each and every day.


But I ain't gonna let it stop me. I'm gonna keep pushing. I'm gonna keep striving to be the best mother and man I can be. I'm gonna keep pushing this podcast and pushing this podcast till I get it number one until the people realize what we got going on over him. It's real entertainment and comedy over him. It's real sports. Talk over him. Can't worry about what the rest of 'em doing. I'm only focused on what we doing, what my fans doing or they engaging with me or they loving what I'm talking about. What do they want to hear? That's what I'm more important now. I got a surprise for y'all. I'm gonna tell y'all now next week I'm gonna have UNC coming on this show. Can't tell you what day or not. But UNC coming on this show next week so get ready for that man.


That's my treat to y'all. I'm gonna get on on the show. So if you got any questions you want me to ask on send them to me, send them to me. Real talk. 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51. Got any question y'all want me to ask Unc? I'm gonna have him right here on the show. We're going live ain't we ain't gonna pre prerecord this shit. I want y'all to experience this shit with me. I want y'all be writing in the chat with me when I'm talking to shit. I want y'all to talk it with me. Anything y'all want to ask unc damn say it and no that's how I'm living. That's what I'm doing. Thank y'all for tuning in this show. Trash of the Day.


Going to the going to the damn Sissy N and Chili Bingle. Defense dreads couldn't stop. Shit. Couldn't stop. Shit. Joe Rope. Joe Burrow played out of his fucking mind last night. Played out of his mind to lose by one. I know somebody in Cincinnati man. Man why they didn't just go for one man? The goddamn head coach was aggressive the whole night. They already were three and five. He was just fucking man we going to go for it. What I got to lose? Y'all know he ain't got no defense. Y'all know I ain't got no run game and I'm taking this team to the brink. I'm going for the win. And you can't get mad at that.


You gotta respect that but bingo, y'all ain't fall off. Good run game going get your run game going get you some motherfucking linebackers. Let's gonna run up in the and and handle business. Y'all front door handled their business last night for a while, but it's the back end. Your linebackers in your secondary, you gotta get that right and it takes time. But y'all got the quarterback, you got the receivers. You need to find that back. That can hit that motherfucking hole. Somebody like a Darren Spro used to find that and y'all got y'all something. Y'all in a better position Bengals than my Dallas Cowboys. I bet you that Dak Prescott is not on Joe Burrow level.


What they do when you're small? He's not. He showed it Burrow show. Why he makes the big books. I I ain't never count nobody pockets. I don't see why Dak is making that kind of money. He ain't giving us that kind of damn production. And for you Mofos jump over here, he ain't got no help. When he did have a help, he didn't do a motherfucking thing getting bounced out the first round. Hey, ride home from Dallas was long and sick then a motherfucker, You can kiss me this Sunday night in Austin, Texas this Sunday night. I'm in Austin, Texas at Cap City. I need all my fellow Texans that's in that area to go get your tickets right now.


Come see your boy. You think you getting a show on here? You definitely gonna get one in real life because I'm not playing with you when you come in. I'm gonna make you a piss on yourself. I'm gonna make you piss on yourself. They ain't put me on that mama big tour or nothing. They know I'm the one. Definitely not the two. Thank y'all for tuning in today. Show going live Saturday after the Rago game. Peace, love. Be careful out there. Got some merch coming on. I got a big announcement to make. Can't make it right now. I'm teaming up with somebody. I ain't gonna, I can't say right now. Damn. It's coming. It's fucking coming. Peace. Love y'all. I'm out.


The Volume. TNT Sports on True TV is here. It is bringing you action from some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There is also a new slate of original shows and podcasts like the Steam Room with EJ and Chuck in Above the fold. With Jamil Hill, TNT Sports is taking over prime time, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starring at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv. Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season.


Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise with Intel core i nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com. If you like Bacon, you'll love Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. It's smoked for 12 hours. That's a really long time. So for that delicious, smoky flavor, keep it Oscar, it's time for that. Once a year event Truck week where you save big on America's biggest trucks, including the 12 ton. 12 liter. 12 hours of Oscar Meyer smoking thick cut bacon for half the day they're still smoking that bacon.


If you're driven by your love of smoky, thick cut bacon. Keep it Oscar. Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need, and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts. Five five Casino High. Five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five Casino dot com.


The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com High five Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com High five Casino.