
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video wide open this week. It's an NFC South Clash as the Tampa Bay Buccaneers take on the Atlanta Falcons.


Heck of what's wrong. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Buccaneers and Falcons Thursday own on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details. My Prime Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply.


See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High Five casino. It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino I can play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo Juba. Live the Tumba life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tempacasino.com. btw room, no purchase necessary void, prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus when it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have.


And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo The Volume. What's up y'all? Y'all talk to me now. What's good? How y'all feeling? Y'all hit the like button?


Yeah, go on hit, go on. Hit the subscribe button too. I know y'all just got through witnessing what I just got through witnessing. I know y'all saw it. Dallas Cowboy just beat the New York Johns 20 to 15. That was a straighter, boring game. I couldn't wait from Sunday to get to Thursday night thinking we finna get a ball game. Man, that game was straight up trash. And I know what you thinking now. Come on, do you got to win? It's the Giants. Did you see motherfucker? It's the Giants. Nothing goes'. Ain't even know why they, I don't even know why they, I ain't even know why they went through a practice last week since they wasn't gonna do no ke motherfucking field goals.


I bet that Keer leg so in a motherfucker right now, Daniel, your Bones See wasn't that bad. Daniel Bones wasn't that bad tonight but they the Giants at the end of the day, Dallas Cowboys still can't get no pressure on the quarterback. We gonna know if Michael Parson gonna be with us the next game or not. We gonna know before our very eyes we're watching Michael Parson someone that we thought that was gonna be the next Lawrence Taylor and he not good player but Lawrence Taylor never. The Lawrence Taylor we saw was on Pile. Every game ain't on Thunderbird going off.


Ain't the guy Lawrence Taylor, John no more Eli. IT no more. I don't know what kind of John team this is right here. But that ain't it. They went out and gave Daniel Bones all that motherfucking money. For what? When y'all need new taxes up there in New York. Rats cold in a motherfucker up there in New York. They need some new Gucci sweaters for them. Rats. Well let's talk about what the Dallas Cowboy did do. D Prescott 22 for 27. 221 yard two td no interception. I'll take it but 20 motherfucking points.


Come on y'all. 20 motherfucking points against the Josh. We ain't got no run game Zike trash. I'm I'm saying right now. All that. It's a comeback. He coming back together. Shoulda left his ass right where he was at on the sofa. Oh you thought New England was gonna bring that motherfucker back. Y'all crazy. Zeke two months away from being up there with Tom Brady in that broadcast. On on from calling the game. I'm gonna let we bring his Zeke back. Should left that motherfucker boy. Was it Now I don't want sound ungrateful because we won but we supposed to beat the giant.


We supposed to come back and get our mojo against the giant but we didn't left motherfucking penalties. That's what the Dallas Cowboys had tonight. 11 penalties and number 60 gun trash. Three ho and pills just bam. Come on now. What the fuck y'all practicing for 30 in morning. We throwing the motherfucking ball because we ain't got nobody to hand the ball off to when it's 30 in morning. Hell we can't run the ball. We gonna start putting Cge Lamb back there like he Depot Samuels Tell me I'm lying now.


Cge gotta run the ball and ain't catch the ball. He gotta do every damn thing on the cowboy and and D don't throw about with nobody else but Ferguson. Brandon cooks trash fast for no motherfucking reason but can't get open and can't run good routes. Tell me I'm lying. I've been scouting a motherfucking cowboy. I've been scouting like I've been scouting my weed man. Weed man been giving me straight up Reggie but he giving my girl cus I don't like that When I call he want to gimme Reggie. I send my girl over to him. He giving a cus giving all kinds of shit. Superman bat Batman bat. Okay. Never keep playing with me.


You wanna show my girl favoritism. Don't wanna show me I send your ass to prison now try me if you wanna. You think Cane Lewis up there next on Young Golf trial was snitches try me when they come to my girl nigga I'm Kendall and my cousin Roger. When I put you in prison, shit try me. SiGe Lamb had seven what? Seven catches for 98 yards. He redeemed himself from Sunday's game. Yes. He was dying on his himself saying he, you know he had some outbursts. That's that. That's normal man. We human beings man we going we gonna do that when you want.


When you want something so bad man, sometimes you going get out the character. You gonna say things that you normally would shouldn say but because overall just watching the Dallas Cowboy, we are not a very good football team. I'm gonna be honest. We ain't too much better than the Carolina Grasshoppers. Tell me I'm lying. Dallas Cowboys ain't too much better than the Carolina grasshoppers and y'all know it. Each and every week we give our hopes up man. Maybe it's man it's our time. It's it's our year man we gotta stop fucking lying ourself ain't yield man. We need to tank offensive line can't block both of shit.


And the only two people Dax is Ferguson and Lamb. You shut them down. You beat us every mother fucking game. Are y'all what I'm singing and what gigs at supposed to be the best quarterback in the league? Never mine backers irrelevant. Quarterbacks irrelevant. Hell some of y'all can go star for the Dallas Cowboy right now in the quarterback position. Y'all know I'm not lying. Dallas Cowboys is not a very good football team. Y'all let me just say that right now we are not a very good football team. One sack, that's all we got but one motherfucking sack on Daniel Jones.


But everybody else, when they play the giant, they get all the sacks in the world. But we can't get no Bag enough. The owner bag enough, the owner in the locker room looking at you and I ain't top about looking at you evaluating your game. He evaluating that money but the league still ain't gonna do nothing about what he said though. That's some bullshit. As a player I feel violated. I don't want this old wrinkled motherfucker in the locker room while I'm walking around he looking at my me. I don't like that.


We men at the end of the day can't even have a decent conversation with your fam getting out the shower because you want to see if I got that, if I got that me or not. Come on now. That ain't the business. This the NFA how y'all feeling though? Y'all okay with the win or y'all like me Man look man, I don't know man it, it ain't looking too good for us right now. All I'm saying is you know it's bad when they got Cge Lamb trying to be a De Cge lamb two goddamn thin to be Depot Samuels and y'all, I can't see up her and get on this show no more and lot of y'all and tell y'all I feel like the Dallas Cowboy going to the Super Bowl when I know they ain't gonna even make the motherfucking playoffs.


The best team in the division right now is the Washington Commanders Let 'em penalties. That's not a good football team. Ladies let Pen that show me the team ain't discipline that show me Mike ain't ain't ain't want for a damn and for one I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. Had my blood pressure up been down, hell I ain't slept since Sunday. At least that came back and played good. Can't put the game on him because that's what y'all wanna do. Y'all wanna blame the game on that. That ain't on defense. That ain't out going out to the quarterback 30 in one.


I thought y'all seen it several times tonight. 30 in one. We passing the mother fucking bow. We are predictable. We are predictable And. we can't go to the next level until we fix. Just telling y'all the truth today, tonight man. I'm just calling the game how I see it man look I'm gonna take that w I'm gonna take that W and I ain't gonna lie, maybe not to y'all but behind closed door I'm gonna talk shit but I'm not going to say we going to the Super Bowl. I won't do that. No motherfucking Mo. I bet you that I learned my lesson.


I learned a valuable lesson. And, if you are watching this show man, thank y'all for watching this show. I really do appreciate it man. Sometimes you might not be able to catch me live but you can go and listen to it on Apple podcast and Spotify type in bubble do darn. I'm going live after every game here. I'm tonight. Appreciate everybody who sells some money. Thank you. Got the Colorado buffaloes against the UCF. Yeah they down Damn Florida. Coach Prime them down damn Florida this Saturday. Yeah. UCF. They got UCF on slate to win. They got them 82% kind right 18%.


But guess what, even though I know the road is high and I know it's gonna be a tough game for Coach, I'm still riding with the ball. I'm still touchdown two picks. I'm riding with the balls and I know everybody there riding UUCF and I understand they three and old right now. They three and old in the big 12. They they 18. But I feel like Coach Prime gonna get the job done. I just feel it Ones on the defense dipping score. Yeah. Talking with, Hey man I think that ass whooping Colorado took in Nebraska. I think it humbled them.


I think it sold them something. I think it sold them something. They playing with the swag back. Now they bobbing their head. Now you, you can see the confidence in them now I'm telling you man, I'm not saying they going to go undefeated rest of the season but I'm saying Colorado will go down there this Saturday Day Coach Prime. Yeah they gonna go down there this Saturday day and be UCF. You can book it. You can book that feeling good Cowboy One guess you gonna be at church Sunday. Me French Center. Yeah. When they pass the playground, I'm gonna put $350 in them all twenties.


They gonna think I'm balling but it ain't number all 20 that I'm gonna have or not come here. I be sure I got in church. I be stunned pulling out all kinds of money. One time I took $5,000 trick, all 20 pulled it out and all I put in the collection plate were 80. That's between me and my Lord and Savior, not John. If you're like me and you have a couple gals depending on your income, then you should seriously consider having life insurance. It's as simple as that. A term life insurance policy from Fabric can give you the peace of mind that the people depending on you will have some financial support.


If something unexpected happens like falling out of a tree stand Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done right here, right now you could could be covered right from your couch in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric was designed by parents for parents and now they partner with Gerber Life trusted by millions of families just like yours for over 50 years. They have over 1,905 star reviews on Trustpilot with a rating of excellent fabric. Has more than life insurance, free digital Wheels investment accounts to invest your kids' future and more. You can manage it all right there from your phone.


Join the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to help protect their family. Apply today in just a minutes@meatfabric.com slash tcl. That's meat fabric.com/tcl. MEE tfa.com/tcl. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company not available in certain states. Price is subject to underwriting and health questions. High five. Casino High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours.


Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five, casino Hey. there it is, Ryan Seacrest with you. Do you wanna make This summer Unforgettable? Join me at Chumba Casino. It's this summer's hottest online destination. They are rolling out the red carpet with an amazing welcome offer just for you. So don't wait. Dive in now and play hundreds of social casino games for free. Your chance to redeem real prizes is just a spin away care to join me. Sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void.


Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking.


The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy. When It comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo pro Lenovo Lenovo.


Nah, I ain't on no stu right now man. Me my stu we into it. I ain't even, you know what I'm saying? She, she been needing a ride to work. I ain't going that way. I can give you to meat but you know what I'm saying But I can't creep, you know what I'm saying? I can't do, I can't do all that bro. People be wanting too much from you these days man. Sometimes people wanna borrow money from Bro, let me borrow a hundred man. Can can you come pick me up too man? Hell no. Then you want me to come pick you up? No, I'm not doing all that. But call you a motherfucking Uber. I'm out lot of favors this year. I know that you ain't even close to being over but dub all out of favor.


D Negroes will use you up. I'm telling you what I know. They'll use you up now. Answer from now on out with me is no a C Kansas City. That's who I got. Winging a c Kansas City. And I ain't gon, I ain't gonna sit up here and trip. I like what Mike tumbling doing up there right now with Pittsburgh, with Justin Field. I like that. I like Justin but Russell ain't touching the field. One thing about Russell, he gotta get money and got he winning before it's him getting back on that field. Not happening in Pittsburgh. Now if I'm the Miami Dolphins and I said this last week, if I'm the Miami Dolphins, I'm getting on the phone with Mike tumbling right now.


I'm trying to get Russell Will. I'm on the phone with Cam new. I'm on the phone with James. I'm trying to get somebody to come in there and and and save my season while it could be saved. But it don't seem like they doing that man. It's politics in the NFL. If you think I'm lying you need to quit watching football. It is politics in the NFL. It's politics in all sports if you ask me. 'cause sometimes the best players don't play. Sometimes players that need to be in the league, they not even in the motherfucking league. Yep. Anthony Beasley, y'all know him. Come outta Kansas. Kansas State ain't in the league in the big three nigga you need to be in the NBA.


Just telling you how I see it and what I'm seeing the game right now game ain't the same no more. The game different. I keep telling y'all y'all keep going out here committing these motherfucking crying boy. People are talking. You see that motherfucker and young. Who was that? That was me. Who? Who jumped out the court first? Who that pulled up beside? Who came behind you? Justin? Shit damn talking and that motherfucker, they had dang fire. They had two 90 many tapes for Ka Cornelius. Any nigga named Kail. You know he ain't holding no water no mother fucking Corey room. Nigga told on everybody. I forgot my goddamn phone in in in the, in the console.


Shit Look, shit y'all ho ass down somewhere. Ain't nothing in that jail high but men. But y'all saying y'all real players though. Ain't nothing but mens in now with that shirt. Half them with that shirt tied up in the knot they girls or nothing. But when they come home they wanna be real killers. Trash just like my motherfucking uncle, uncle did 10 years in the pen. You know I got people that go in and out of the pen. You know. You know they, they gonna let me know the business. My aunt ain't UNC no more in there. You know what I'm saying? His name's Steven but none. His name was Ler.


So when aunt come home he wanna act out ho nephew. Nephew you just don't know I was doing nothing. I was putting boys on they back. I know you not with them hands. Yeah you them on back running up him. You wasn't putting no hands on them. Had a mouth full of teeth. When you winging up come back home, bam. I nephew you. I was knocking them boys out. They were knocking your motherfucking teeth out. Gummy mouth ass looking ass. But when come up here and dinner table in front of grandma and put with your chest out acting like you a real man. You are not got more sugar, got more sugar in you in the frosty flakes.


Y'all know I ain't lying. It's too many of our people that we know that we consider be real dudes going jail and, and and do some heat your shit Then come back out here and pollute the pollute the the women population. Now if you gonna like men and now when you come home like men again, you ain't get mad when somebody can call you out. Motherfucker be who? You're, you not even your real self right now Uncle Unc you real, you, you, you, you can. I could be killing you inside Unc.


Come on now Unc I ain't going judge you. I still love you. You can't come on my house. You and my silverware all plastic silverware when you come on my house Unc but you still welcome. We can't hug no more and all that 'cause you, you know what I'm saying 'cause I know what's in you but you we can doubt you know what I'm saying? We can't smoke together either. You smoke your I smoke mine. Yeah that's the way we do. You can't hit my bottle on 1942. I could pull you some but all that got the Bible. That shit dead. Huh? I mean I ain't, I mean whatever you wanna be caught. I'm keeping them on. My mama don't want me to talk about it but I'm gonna talk about it. I don't believe in keeping secrets. I believe in letting everybody know what's going on.


What's going on. Okay. Yeah. Somebody in the jail had a boyfriend in there seven years. You were bull up like ever. Man you in there twisting this shit then you wanna come home, jump jump. I'm gonna act all hard. Let's go shoot some bald shit. Nigga you was already shooting. You was already shooting there. I man y'all better wake up. Y'all better wake up and realize what the fuck going on around you man. I don't know what kind of part of UNC was in but he was in some parties and Pete did it wasn't the only motherfucker partying.


Yeah he going down for but Pete did party. Yeah some of people they wasn't getting they uhuh shit. The motherfuckers don pins and needles behind them mansion those right now. You think they ain't build your light candles in their house. They got all kinds of damn shit. They praying to God for the diggy don't talk shit. Diggy said in order to be free I'll take three. You don't think Sean, Sean? Shit Sean. Diana Combs ain't figure tall. Shit that nigga finna slip his way out this motherfucker.


What you think he had the baby all for? Come on y'all watch him slip away Ali. Yeah them nigga want run or nothing. Hang with Puff and shit man. Puff wasn't doing nothing. Rung his musty fingers in him P puffy a finger up. Damn shame what we do, it's should damn shame what we do man. Nah not me. I don't want party like that man. I want to party the correct way when I drink I want to have grape juice. Yeah we just grape the same thing they drink at church. That's what I want.


Getting going, drinking, putting your drink down, partying, coming back and getting your drink. Don't do that shit fellas. Ladies watch your drink when you go out man. If you happen to leave your drink don't come back and drink that motherfucker leave it would say it. You gotta think everybody ain't for you. You gotta, everybody ain't everybody don't like you every green ain't your friend man. Oh they gonna say they wanna see you do good but they supposed be lying. They got different agendas. They might think you a threat. What? What's going for them to slip you something and get you all up outta here now you dying. You hiding and running around in Debo chicken coup shit. You better be careful.


I don't trust nobody gotta watch him man. How y'all feeling tonight man? It's part of the show what we do. But hell now segment live. He knows what he saw Man. Somebody hit me up at me bubble do would you ever chase hurricanes? Hell no I can't motherfucking swim. So that mean hurricanes is water right? They known for flooding. What make you think I follow motherfucking h? I ain't got no money to get away from the hurricane when they come and you think I wanna chase it, stop it like white folks shit chasing hurricane, tornado tuna.


Me and white people shit. It fascinate them all that water. I wonder know how deep it is Dave or Damnit. I'm finna go around there and find out and fucking drown. Only way they knew he drowned 'cause the dog where's Dave? He barking. He down there dead died on Sunday. Burn his ass people. Motherfucker get the motherfucker down Sunday, Monday evening come here and the damn dog eulogy. I'm not lying them damn white them damn eulogy storms alone.


I'm already going through a storm. I'm black, I'm I'm I've been going through Storm ever since I was eight years old. My credit been bad since I was 12 and my mama taught my I can't wait till you when I growing up I can't wait for you graduating and get out shit bitch why I'm going I ain't got no credit. I can't give a motherfucking thing. But you want me to leave a net? Never. I'm getting it's hard growing up. Black motherfucker won't ever rush you out to get out when you graduate. But knowing your credit fucked up 13 years old. I owe 4,900 and a like Bill stop it.


No I love you. No you don't. You love me. You pay that motherfucking loan that's in my name. My bullshit going on out here man you man got a woman you better love that motherfucker. You better love her mother ass. One thing about me, I don't mind fighting for my love either. I got into a W Hood last week. I said you know what, let's fight for this hole and whoever win can have her. You know what that stu told me Shit Dub you got it. I know damn well I do. I couldn't get that motherfucking stu what she wanna do don't call that riff R with me in the time my girl go and get her stamps now you shit I'm fighting for that goddamn damn food stamp car shit you ain't gonna win today.


I ain't gonna lie. I stood with but she got me one time because I ain't ate, I ain't have no energy but shit that day I had just got through eating three hot pockets. Shit it was up. I gonna swear that motherfucker stood I up. I told her shit let's step outside and fight for this motherfucker. I stood looked at me shit you got it. I know I do. I had my chest out too shit. I'm the man running this motherfucker now. Now when I go to work you might be the man when you come over and I know you coming over when I'm going to work but while I'm here you better not pull that motherfucking grab on Keys up over here or I'm bow. I'm the only shooting the air bow.


I ain't gonna shoot nobody but shooting in the earth making the scene, making it scene like I do something. That shit boy. Yeah I be camp. I pull that Draco out ain't got damn motherfucking Draco bullet. But you gonna know that though because the way I'm talking shit I let everybody in this motherfucker have shit. Ain't no bullets, them bullets hiding no motherfucker for them. Draco and Dub ain't got it. You can catch me this Saturday. Not in that nap time at the old national center. Pull up me or Na be Simone Black Tony pull up next weekend. I'm in Dallas, I'm in October 4th through October 6th.


You can catch me at Adamson Empire five shows. Grab them tickets right now. Dallas Fort Worth, Arlington then wherever you at all them Frisco playing on. I need this motherfucker soul route. Ain't no motherfucker standup show like the way I do my standup show and I ain't nothing to argue about you if you ain't never seen my standup. You trash. You trash. How y'all feeling tonight man? I'm feeling good man. I'm in a good space in my life right now man. I'm at a space in my life now. I don't give a fuck what people got to say about me man. I know who I am man.


I know what I'm meant to be. I know my purpose. I know my purpose on earth is to make people laugh and smile and that's what I do. I don't try to get outside and that all I wanna do is make you laugh and smile. I don't wanna be arguing with you. I don't wanna be the one trying to get in the fight with you knowing I can't motherfucking fight. Nah you gonna win these every time. But let me tell y'all some ladies and gentlemen that's watching this show, you might win me with all that rip all this that. But when I call them motherfucking laws I bet you won't win that. I bet you when you wake up in in that morning in that, in that, in that in that jail, you gonna realize I'm wasn't the one. That's all I'm saying to you. See the difference between some people Y'all gonna go to jail because y'all wasn't stand on business.


I'm going home 'cause there ain't nothing like sleeping in my own motherfucking bed when I was in that motherfucking jail. How as y'all them supposed to gimme five years? Man I called home, my cousin answered my phone. My cousin ain't never been in my motherfucking house that I know of. I knew then I was coming home. Do you understand? I knew then going get the district attorney in this motherfucker. Man I got something to say. I came home the next week everybody. Oh my God man. How you do it man you supposed to get five years man. How gotta release you and now how? Covid Covid nigga.


That's how I got released. It's Covid and that ain't wanna stand a chance. Somebody like me or my caliber or dying in there let me out. I let me out all that and I wasn't on probation no more. I was acting like I was on probation but shit I was off. That's how good I taught shit. I told you in order to be free you gotta be a G. That's me. I'm not finna play game call home. My cousin at my house. Guess what? Now he in my bunk. Come here being in the same cell I was in. Nigga you wanna sleep with my girl nigga?


Huh? You want disrespect me? Well I got down and dirty too. Big snitching. Cornelius Lewis ain't come here. High Five Casino, high five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply.


See website for details at high. The number five casino.com High five Casino, Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking.


The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete and Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.


Sure the Hollywood Reporter makes it easy to stay on top of news about film, tv, fashion, culture and the business of Hollywood. But to make it even easier, head to t r.com and subscribe to our newsletters like Feinberg Forecast And be in the know on the latest about award season or sign up for today in entertainment for a good sense of what's happening in the industry. Our THR charts newsletter highlights what content is trending and worth watching and where to find it. Head to thr.com for all of those and more and subscribe to our newsletters today. Hey it's lunchbox from Soar. Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for generations. From pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency.


Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in in-stock cars including the high performance 2025 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Cane is better than me. Wouldn't even been no motherfucking trial. I have told it three months ago. Them niggas gotta be the crazy nigga in the world. Kill a man for 800 motherfucking dollars.


Do you hear me? The killer was a peel head. Oh a pee of do man. 'cause everybody lose not just dolphin, everybody lose. When situations like that happen, we got to be more smarter man. I just needed some money nigga. You coulda went and cut some yards for $800 and somebody should have told straight drop the motherfucking truth. See that's what's wrong with some of y'all. Y'all be hindering family members on what they can and can't do. Be honest with your family members man or friends. If they trying to rap and you know they can't rap, tell 'em look fam Rapp, it ain't your shit.


Maybe you should write for people but other than that you need to go and get your motherfucking C nigga and driving big truck. Stay out these motherfucking booths. That's what you gotta do. You gotta be honest with people man. How you like my song Trash here niggas booklet study fucking CDL driving test because that's what the fuck you going need to make some money, you gonna need to trade CL People make good money you can drive it or you can buy you three or four, five trucks. It's money in this shit. But some of y'all need to get out behind that motherfucking mic and let it go. I know what I'm good at.


I know where I ain't. Y'all forcing this shit wrong up. The motherfucking life being five and $600. The damn, the damn equipment don't even wanna work for you. You ain't wanna call me Bam. I need some advice. Stop rapping nigga and get your motherfucking CA and I help you. Some of y'all can rap though. Some of you shit. You got it. But for the one who know y'all can't really rap. You get doing it for the clout. Stop it. Fucking stop it.


I'm upset y'all. I ain't gonna lie to y'all man. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm upset with a lot of things going on in my life man. I don't appreciate my, you know what I'm saying? They, they, I don't know no more. Y'all I don't know. People at my job talk about me like a dog saying I stink motherfucker, my shirt might smell like mildew but motherfucker call, I ain't got no was and dry, you know what I'm saying? I'm th out out here motherfucker at work be talking about you like a dog man nigga right here always sweating and shit. We just got to work motherfucker. I work, I'm talk about my hot, my motherfucker and shit.


Motherfucker. I'm him. Y'all be making people revert back to what they used to be. Know my arms stink. Motherfucker on look right now. Ain't got no car. Be stink. Meat don't work. But in due time all that shit gonna be handled. That's what's wrong with us. Sometimes we jump down on people, you know what I'm saying? We all go through shit. We all gonna struggle man. We all gonna go through some shit. Sometimes we be giving up on people too fast. Stop giving up on good people man. Stop giving up on good people man. I had a lot of people give up on me.


I had a lot of people didn't believe in me. I got a lot of people still hating on me now. But do I give a damn Hell no because what them niggas eat don't make me shit. You gotta put work in this shit ain't gonna happen overnight. It ain't, it ain't gonna happen overnight. Everybody ain't gonna like your ass either. Don't gotta know you. Everybody ain't gonna like you. Y'all know that now. Some of you deal with that now but you gonna let because somebody gonna like you gonna let that stop you. You gonna let that stop your hustle that that shit call me everybody keep calling me a hoe. You you a motherfucker know what you crying about.


I done watch you suck 75 meats in two weeks. Put you Ahoe and a Cooper and I do mean no Cooper don't you let them get don't let them hurt you. Don't let them hurt your pride baby. You keep doing what you doing for people. You doing what you doing for because come Christmas, them kids Christmas tree gonna be full to the motherfucking cow. PS five cow new, another controller go with it. Cow PS five subscription. Got it. New George under the tree. Got it. Four wheelers. You just keep doing what you doing to me and others.


You gonna forever be blessed. That's all I'm saying. People behave throw you off your game. Hey man I seen that girl you talking to. I wouldn't even talk to her man. I heard a, I heard a pussy stink. Guess what I'm going to find out regardless I'm gonna hold my nose if it stink and get it in way I'm gonna get in that motherfucker and groove. Do you hear me? She stinky Cat got pow I'm gonna woo Fuck yeah come here.


Come here. If you watching this show man you got show being presented by prize pics. Yeah man go on. Download the number one sports fantasy app right now in the game today the only download Pro fix right now use my promo code trash. T-R-A-S-H-H. Yeah first time users put $5 in, they gonna give you a 50 drop and gimme 50. That's what they gonna do. They gonna give you 50 and it's more or less over like tonight they had Dax slated to have more than 263 yards. Either more or less. If you put less, you was in there tonight they had CD lamb to have over 75 yards. You either got have to put more or less If you put more you was in there.


That's all they got football, they got baseball, they got WNBA you can't miss Prize pick they got whoever you want. If you wanna win that's where you better go. Prize picks real talk. Let's talk about it. How y'all feeling tonight man? It's Thursday night man. Tomorrow Friday night. You know Friday, Friday night football. Y'all talk to me now. Friday night football man. You know what I'm saying? Talk to me now how you, how you, how your high school team look football team looking this year man rep y'all high school football team man let me know where you from. Talk to me man.


This live, I don't know probably less sound B but we pumping over here man we getting the lights up. We getting the views up. Everybody know we rocking and rolling over here right now. Man. This the place to be after every game dude. You want to come and get your laugh on You want to come and get the real about the game, you better bring your ass over here. The bubble do show because we gonna keep it 100 over this month. We ain't doing all that faking and shaking and nah we ain't doing all that. We keeping it real authentic and and then that guess what it is over here on this show. Can't speak for now another show. I only can speak for my show. I got real fans, I got real love and I'm gonna give y'all real entertainment. You know what I'm saying is what it is over here. Talk to me though a time what it do for the people out there going through the hurricane and praying for y'all for the people that were supposed to get outta there and didn't get outta there.


I'm praying for y'all too as well man. You know what I'm saying? Stay safe man. Especially down there in Florida. Y'all got a gigle problem. Don't be trying to get out there and swim and lose your life behind bs. Stay your ass in the house, get on the roof. Holler, scream, do whatever the fuck you gotta do. Hey don't jump your ass in that water man. I'm telling you right now. I'm down here in Ace Town. Single point. I'm letting you know right now. If the motherfucking lights blink, that's your ass motherfucking blink center point my life not go off off don't mean know. I center point out like a motherfucking dog. When we had that hurricane going on down here. I'm riding around, they riding around with me eating burg shit nigga you better cut my motherfucking lights on and lemme tell y'all something too fucking blue.


People that's moving down here to Houston, Texas and doing all that motherfucking complaining about oh traffic sucks. I should never move out here. Oh he should have too many storms. Lemme tell you something. We wasn't having no motherfucking storm down here until you bad energy motherfuckers decided to come this way. Guess what? Get your bad funky energy ass spirit have now long faith, flavor, fla, blood vessel eyes have as back to where you come from. We gonna want you down here in the city of H until you negro around here with these motherfucking thin ass horses running around here. I'm finna send y'all a bail of hay.


That's what I'm sitting in y'all for Christmas. Who the people who got thin horses? A bella hay sick. These thin ass motherfucking horses around here in Texas. Horses supposed to be big and strong. These motherfucker the size of a Doman pink no motherfucking horse supposed to be s size of no do peach. You don't supposed to see no horse ribs. I always want show want you dog niggas there with these killers selling these motherfucking dog 30 and 40. That motherfucking thousand dub. I got a dog for you for 30,000. That motherfucker gonna stay there.


Give what damn Uck money I got. He going fucking stay there. You think I finna give you 30 never nigga fing houses where I'm from. Shit. Shout out to my people with them. Do I love ya boy getting real money. I ain't finna give you no motherfucking 30,000. I give you 30,000 laws. I tell you that Aaron Flowers, I'm not lying to y'all man. Telling you the truth. You know I'll be going live again Saturday night too.


Y'all check in with me Saturday night I'll be going live again. You know Sundays I'll be going live after the Sunday night game as well. We growing over here. All my new subscribers man I appreciate, I appreciate the love all my people that consistently keep coming back. You know my day one fans, my people who been rocking with me for a minute man I man we growing. I really appreciate all the love y'all giving me on this show man. My shit popping up better than the algorithm now. And like I say, anything y'all be wanting to talk about man, y'all let me know man. We'll definitely talk about it on this show and I gonna make a public apology to the white people 'cause I said that that mass sugar in Alabama was white. I apologize. I heard the brother, I heard the person who was shooting had a switch.


That's a brother. Oh when they come to them switches and Glock and shit. That's a brother now. And I hope y'all find that motherfucker asap. Don't harm him either. That's all I ask. White people don't harm that brother. Even though he done wrong. Y'all take him him like y'all do y'all and get water. I mean get Burger King and nuggets and shit and chicken fried before y'all take him to jail. Don't harm the brother man. Real talk man. That's all I'm saying man. We want peace in the world right now man. We already dealing with Kamala And. we already dealing with Trump. God damnit like you know it's either or. Who you taking?


Mark Cuban said he going with Kamala. God damnit Taylor Swift said she going with Kamala. God damnit Kak Black say even though Trump said something about Hasting eating cats and dog, he can't turn his back on that orange head. Mother buckle, make sure you get your ass out there and vote. Vote for whoever, but make sure you get out there and vote. Damon, thank y'all for tuning into The, Bubba Dub Show. Man, before we get off the show, you know I gotta get my trash of day Somebody and trash of day going to straight drop trash for killing a motherfucking icon as Young Dolph was. If you didn't even know who Young Do was a rapper was a Ul Vega was a father, was a lot of things to people and most definitely down there in Memphis and that community down there, man lost a legend behind Stu Pickiness and that shit gotta stop.


That shit can't keep happening to us man. We got to do better than that man. 800 motherfucking dollar. And this man is no longer on earth. There's no man can no longer kiss his dog or his son hug his pops or grandmother, whoever he can no longer do that. We gotta stop killing one another man. We gotta restore love man. We gotta start being happy. 'cause somebody getting money, your time gonna come. You might not get that kind of money he that person will get, but long as you getting money, long as you can make ends meet, man, you ain't gotta take nobody lie man. It ain't that serious man. Don't let scoop that logo. Let that devil get in your mind and tell you certain things man. Real talk. If you got habits, try to get out them bad habits.


Mr. The, Bubba, Dub, Show. Thank y'all for watching. If you're watching, continue to hit that like button right next, the subscribe button. Get the comments, let the people know about this badass show I got Brewing Peace. See y'all Saturday night, I'm out. The Volume High five Casino. High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void.


Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino. The Hollywood Reporter is the source for insider entertainment news. Whether you're running a studio or you're someone who always has their finger on the pulse of hollywood, thr.com is the place for you. Find in-depth reviews what to watch next, and the stories behind the front runners for the next big awards. All in one place on t r.com. And. if you need minute to minute updates on what's happening in Hollywood, follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social platforms. Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey, A BC Thursdays.


This ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastor dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in V head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, c, and stream on Hulu. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe.


If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in vibrant news and pops of color from couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.