
Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the Filet O fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, take care of yourself This summer and save on all your personal care favorites. Now through August 27th, save up to $3 or more when you purchase participating personal care items like Pampers wipes, Gillette Razors, Metamucil Crest toothpaste, secret Body Spray, and a Swiffer Power Mop.


The more you buy, the more you save. Catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like fin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba Life, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now. Modo us. Visit M odo.us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are, Mo d offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots.


You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@mod.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website for details. Hello, Go. The volume. What it do everybody? It your bub bubble dub. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. I know I've been promising y'all, I'm telling y'all I was breaking the legend to the show. Well, here he is today, ladies and gentlemen, and to your 12, everybody giving up for 12. Everybody. Man, what's good fam? How you doing, man? I'm doing good.


Thanks for having me, Bo. We appreciate it. Nah, I appreciate you, man. I just want, Hey, hey, let's just dive straight into it. Tarver, let's dive straight into it from Orlando, Florida, 31 wins, 22, big knockout, six losses. Let's take us back for a minute before we get into everything. That was gravy. Let's take a back, take us back when it all started at Tarver. Let's take us back, Man. Let, right Southwest Boys and Girls Club, Orlando, Florida. Man, coming from Ivy Land, I used to walk to the Boys and Girls Club and what I can remember, man, is like just the first time I ever really had that structure, you feel me? I was part of a team, you know, had my little fellas with me.


My, you know, my, my, my boxing team. We had various members of ages, And, we all came from various communities, And, we all kinda, you know, migrated right there to the Southwest Boys and Girls Club, man. And I'll never forget just to looking back how talented those guys were that I learned from, you know what I mean? We was blessed to have a great trainer in Jimmy Williams. He was an older gentleman, but really came from New York, from Leesburg, you know, and just had a vast experience, bro, and, and just really taught us that old school game, And. We learned that at a young age. And I think, you know, when I look back at it, a lot of those guys could have been world champions, man, from a talent standpoint.


But you know, in life, Bubba, you know, man, sometime you gotta you gotta win that life in order to get that shot, man. And a lot of guys didn't get that opportunity because, you know, for whatever reason, one bad choice or another led to, you know, either, you know, being, you know, exed out or imprisonment for a long time. You know, they either took the road of crime or either, you know, incarceration. Some guys got it together, you know what I mean? Some guys didn't. But you know, I was one of those guys, you know, you talking about, you know, a flower raising up through the concrete bro. You know what I mean? I'm one of those guys, man, and that, you know, and, and, and, you know, no excuses, you know what I mean?


And I say that with all sincerity because I never let allow anything to be an excuse for me to fail or not reach my goal. And I think, man, when it, when it's inside you, you know, don't let nothing stand in your way, man. And, you know, go for it. You know, that's, that's what I would say to any of those guys. But that's what it all started from, man, Orlando, Florida, Ivan Lane had a great director in Lester Sears, who really took it, you know, being a mentor, he really took that serious man, you know, 'cause he saw the impact, you know, and the first guy I ever remember walking through that gym with a belt, his name was Tommy Dixon from Carver Shores.


Man, he was one of the, a champion on the Navy team. And just, you know, knowing that a guy that I knew, you know, could carry that belt so proud, man, I think it, it lit a fire in me as a youngster, you know? And, and, and, and once I stepped in that ring, you know, it was kinda, you know, it was kinda, it was, it was an afterthought of what I was going to do. I knew that I found my home in that ring. So boxing kind of choose me from circumstances in life, you know what I mean? And if it was for boxing, man, I can, I can truly say I don't know what I, where I would be, but it, it was everything and I gave it my all. And looking back now, I don't have any regrets, you know what I'm saying?


So, you know, I just got, I have a lot with experience. I, I feel right now is the time that I really want to give that back. You know what I'm saying? The sport, the boxing. That's what I wanted to talk to you about right. Now as far as these boxers who, who, who do you see right now that that could, that you could help or that could benefit from you right now to like, you know, it could be anybody, but who do you think right now that you see that that could really could benefit from you? You know what, when I look at it from a a, a spec man, it's like, I don't wanna say a lot of fighters, but it, it's like, you gotta be able to see it, you feel me? You know? And, and when you, when things happen like that organically, you know, I gotta be the fit for the right type of fighter.


You know what I'm saying? I'm, I don't think I'm the type of trainer for everyone, but I think I'm that trainer. But a select few that truly, you know, want to get, you know, or want to learn that other side, you feel me? It, it's just, it's different. You know? I'm not saying I'm better than anybody, but I, it's different. I, when you have that, I get it. And I know you won't say it, but I say it and you know, we ain't gonna say no name, but I know deep down in your heart, you look at some boxes you like, man, I could help that motherfucker. I know if I had him over here up under me, that bullshit sloppy foot movement, head movement he doing, I can change all that. That's, I can see it in you when you talk and I can see it when you at the matches.


Like, you wanna say it, but you wanna be respectful because you was a boxer yourself. I understand, I get it. But for somebody like me who ain't never boxed, that can't box, and I can see some shit, like, man, I look at it like this 12, like, you want hell of a Boxer Man, hall of Famer career. And I look at it like some boxers who, who got the money now, like, it's okay to reach out to a bad motherfucker like you was, you know, reach out. Hey, I know you watch me get my ass tore up. Help me, Help me. Right? We know we, no, we know you gonna win something, you gonna lose something. We know it's all about how you come back. How did, how was you able to come back from losses? Like who did you have around you? What was your, no, what was your support team like?


I always had a good support team, man. I, I was blessed with some great trainers. Like I was mentioning Jimmy Williams, buddy McGirt, Orlando Quale, those are my three trainers. Man, when you look back how they really helped develop a lot of Hall of Fame career fighters, you know, I was blessed, but it, it was just the resilience man. I, I just was always a champion at heart, man. When you had the amateur background I had, and then you had to move through the ranks, like I had to move to, to through the ranks, you know, you kind of feel like if you can, if you can train and prepare, you think you can beat anybody, man. You know what I mean? And when I look back on my career, I think, you know, my experience says, man, if if I give it 100%, I don't cheat myself.


I really get on that, you know, in that training camp and work, man. I mean, nine times outta 10, I came out on top, man. So, you know, it's, it says a lot about work ethic, commitment and dedication, you know what I mean? And, and, and it's okay for this era, man to really look back, you know what I mean? And, and see what, you know, guys before them had to go through to get through where they were at, man. And I can truly say I don't ever recall where I had the, you know, what you would call the powers to be, you know, really behind me. So when I look back at my career, man, I truly believe, man, I, I got it done with my left hand and my right hand and my will to win with my skillset.


And so when you know that, that you, if you put your best foot forward, you can give yourself a chance to win. You know, why not go for the stars or reach for the clouds, man? I mean, because my history says that, you know, I'm a champion within, bro, I won on every level that I proved when it was my turn, bro. You know, I, I won. So, you know, I don't have no regrets man. And I just want to plant that in these guidance that, you know what I mean, your trainer have to be able to motivate you and inspire you, bro. All my trainers, I was trainer, I was a trainer, I was a student of the game, and I didn't mind constructing criticism, bro. I never took it personal.


I went and got better. You know what I'm saying? So I think a lot of times we gotta be coachable, you know what I mean? I'm not saying I know it all, but I'm thinking through my experience, bro. I can truly tell you that, you know, through Hall, I can show you some things maybe, you know what I mean? You don't know about the game. That's it. You feel me? And, and I think my team man gotta have a good solid team. Somebody that kinda have been through that before that can lend, you know, some experience, man, you feel me? But I believe I'm a hell of a trainer just by, you know, knowing the game, being in the game so long, man. And you know, it's only going to take one. You feel me?


One guy that truly can see it, you know? Now my son is a hell of a fighter, bro. My son is a hell of a fighter. I ain't going to take nothing away from Junior. But you know, you know, if it ain't, you know, family business is the best business, if you see what I'm saying. And so, you know, but I got a nephew above man at eight in two years he's coming out, man. And so I'm gonna leave that alone. I'm gonna just leave that under rats. But he in the army right now. He in the army right now. He's from Houston. And you know, Jameson man, Jameson Cole going be a ling boy. He is South Paul, you know, he lean real slender, got power, you know, good feet.


So I'm looking for him to really make an impact on the game, man. That's my, my nephew, my youngest sister's son. So, you know, just want to put that out there For sure. From, from a champion like yourself to another champion, like you said, for another champion, was a champion, then he lose. Is it hard for, for some boxers to take advice from other boxers? Like what I'm, what what I'm hitting at and I'm saying is like a motherfucker, like wild, I think Wild being a fit from someone like you, I'm, I'm just throwing it like there, I know he's like over the age whatever, woo, woo. But I'm talking about five years. If you would take five years ago, if he really got with somebody that could really teach him some things instead of just relying on your power, I, I think we'll be looking at a different Deontay Wilder right now.


That's not taking him nothing away from his hollow Fame career, what he's able, what he's done, done. But it's starting to show now that he really had no skills. It would just all knockout power look ahead movement. And he was just trying to catch you. I'm saying, is it hard for someone like him to reach out to someone like you and other high caliber boxers in the past for help or advice? Or have he even asked? No, I don't wanna say that he haven't. No, no. I mean, I think I've gone on record. I've, I've really put my name out there man. I've really, you know, but like I said, you know, I think they have to see it, bro, in order for them to really take advantage of it. But I think it, it might be the people that they respect, the people that they're loyal to, you know what I mean?


That might be swaying them one way or another. I don't think it's really the fighter. I think the fighters sometime, you know, they're loyal to a fault sometime, you know what I'm saying? And sometime it is not until afterwards they can look back and say, Pam, maybe what if, you know what I mean? But, you know, I I, I put it out there, man, I, I saw some things that I felt I could have helped with Wilder and was willing to do it, but never got the call man. And, you know, unfortunately, but, you know, I'm not going to say anything about nobody can, man. Because, you know, in this era today, you know, it's everyone's sensitive. It's not, you know, so you gotta tread lightly.


But man, I, I just would wanna say I never thought that anybody had to fire anyone, but just bring somebody in that can just, you know, maybe team up with your training, maybe work in sequence or in coordinate with your training, but just have somebody on over there, man, that can really have a clean eye, that can be critical and, and, and, and be really constructive and, and, and be, you know, willing to show you how it goes, bro. And I think once they get a feel of it, they gonna catch on because they know the game a little bit. They just, I don't think they've gotten the lessons.


And you know, I've been hearing that these guys and, and no knock, I hear that they're just not training hard like they used to back in the day. And, and I, I don't know if they're going training camp from home or they're really going to training camp, you know, a lot of times back in the old days, you had to leave for eight weeks, you feel me? And go in hibernation, so to speak. Nowadays, I think these guys, most of these guys are training from the comfort of their home, you feel me? And, and, and so I don't know how diligent these guys are really putting in a training camp thing, you know, I don't know what they're doing.


I would love to be a fly on the wall to see how they're approaching it, because it's all preparation. It's that eight weeks before the fight, it's going to determine what happens on fight night. You feel me? And, and, and if those sacrifices aren't being made, bro, it ain't gonna happen on fight night. You gotta put yourself through it. They say these boys Still having sex During training account, man. Oh no. See, that's what I mean. All the old traditions are thrown out the window. And I think the further they get away from that, I think the, I think we're gonna continue to see these guys fail at the highest of levels, man. They say that's what really been hurt, really been hurting me.


Watching these guys. They, they say David Hangy, bill Hangy will buy a honey patch before that R Garcia fight. Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the Filet O fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99 Menu limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price Hey there.


It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take care of yourself This summer and save on personal care items at your local store. Now through August 27th, get extra discounts when you purchase participating items like Dove Beauty Bar, dove body, Wash, dove men Plus Care, body Wash or deodorant, dove shampoo T Trace May Shampoo and Axe Body Spray. The more you buy, the more you save. Catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in.


So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Cmba life@chumbacasino.com. Pgw group, no purchase necessary Board web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus. Are you ready to have your bacon? Love and mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious, thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking.


You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is, all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy Modo us. Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience Wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots.


You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at mo, do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details. Hello. See, hey, hey, hey, tall. Just being ish though. Like, what, what do you think about that whole situation with Garcia and Haney? Man? What do you think about this man? Man, it it, you know what? I wish Garcia would've made weight. He would've been world champion. I wish that, you know what I'm saying?


Haney would've fought his fight rather than fight the wrong style, fight for the, to get the win. He shoulda did what he normally is accustomed to doing, boxing this guy, moving around using your footwork. So he fought the wrong style. Now they have the peds involved, you know what I mean? I, myself, I I I don't, I just stay away from that, bro. 'cause my experiences with it, you know what I mean? I don't think the world's ready for that. So I'm just stay away from that. But if he, he's a young man that if he made a mistake, man, let's not crucify the guy. You feel me at this time, you know what I mean? Now we make mistakes, but we don't ever make two mistakes in a, in a row.


Like, you know, I've been accused of. But we gonna leave that alone. But at the same time, man, I wanna see Ryan man really put his best foot forward because I see a guy with a lot of talent, a lot of talent, man, his gifts, you know, you cannot, did not, he has some of the freakiest power in that left hand. You feel me? Now, let's just do it the right way. Now, motivate yourself to show him that you don't need nothing to be successful. And I think when I look at that fight, I don't think he did anything extraordinary in that fight. I think Haney just didn't fight his fight. You know what I mean? And I think that gave him the edge. Now, if they did it again, because we gonna have to run it back the right way. Make sure everybody on a even playing field field and see the results of the fight, you know what I mean?


That's what I'm looking forward to, man. The rematch a clean slate. Let's get it right. Let's do it again. Now, I had a, a recent conversation with, with Champ Floyd about this and my guy, We Was talking about Stevenson and Tank. Tank got Power Floyd. I mean, Shari got skills. How do you see that fight playing out? Or do you think it gonna be a rehydration clause in that fight? I don't know, man. I, I think Sha secure don't have a problem making that weight. They the only two out there, you know what I'm saying? It'll be an interesting fight. It'll be really fight style, make fights.


And I can see Stevenson winning a decision just with his knowledge of the game distance, his mastery of distance. But I can see Javonte Davis also closing the show, shedding out the lights. So that's why we tune in to see the fights. You feel me? These are two contrasting styles and some one style gotta give, you know? Now Javonte Davis can put that pressure on you too now. So don't think just because Secure has good, you know, feet and can really, he has a good control of distance that Javonte couldn't cut the ring off. But boy, it's just gonna be hell hitting secure one punch with two punches, especially with a combination, you know, you can hardly hit him with a handful of rocks.


This is how you feel me? This is how dialed in he is on his defense. You know, this man fight 12 rounds and come out unsaved. There's only a few fighters have done that. You feel me? Pretty good, Floyd. You know what I mean? I can brag a little bit, you feel me? 23 years in the game looking like this and, and guys like Sha Kir Stevenson, masters of Defense, bro. So anytime you fight a guy like your peers, it's a nightmare. It's a nightmare, bro. Because that's most, the most frustrating thing is not being able to touch that guy. Like you wanna, I'm gonna pick your brain for a second. When you talking about putting pressure on a fight, do you boxer throw certain punches where you make a cane close and you like, you know, I'm gonnas this one, I'm gonna, you know what I'm saying?


I'm gonna save that for Lego 'cause I'm, I'm gonna save him up. How do you, it's like chess. How do you set somebody up? Like I, I really wanna know because I just seen, I, I watched your match where you, it's hard to describe it. You hit them with a left hook, but it was, it's you threw a punt right hand and you made they hand, you know, come certain way, try to cover up where they left this exposed, right, Right, Right. So do y'all, so We call that touching, we call that just touching them to see where they at, open them up. And I've always been a deceptive type of fighter. That's, that's my game, you feel me? I'm always trying to, you know, if they wanna fight, I'm a box. If they want a box, I'm gonna fight fighter.


You feel me? If they wanna be aggressive, I'm gonna use that aggressive against 'em. I'm gonna step to the side, I'm gonna give them ans So you gotta always be willing by knowing how to set that trap. The most effective tool I've had in box racing. A guy's overconfident when a guy thinks he got you, or a guy really think he's having a good round and he get overconfident, that's the best time to really land something big that they're not expecting. And I've always had a knack of getting that start off when they least expect it. I, how do you really know Vin when you hit somebody that you know, it really done what they're supposed to do. Like, you might not knock the mind yet, but you know, you gonna took a lock outta they funky ass and you like, you know what, another two more rounds, your ass will bother him.


Like, do you know? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. They go to shake it a little bit when you hit them, you know what I'm saying? They don't react right away and you know, they, you can feel it man, when you touch em, right When you turn that knuckle over on them. And you know, even when you not hunching, you know, even when you not loading up, when you putting that motion behind that shot, it could look very light from the outside, but it's a thump on the inside that only probably you and that guy can hear. And you know, when you laying that shot, solid man. So I know all about a lot of time to the body too, man, that body shot. I vibe those young guys invest to the body, bro. That's the best thing you can do for yourself as a professional fighter because The body where it opens up the head later or it, it just makes you vulnerable, man.


It just, It makes you vulnerable. It makes you vulnerable and, and it really weakens your legs. If you can consistently go down there, there after round five, six, bro, that fighter's going to be a little weakened. He ain't gonna be moving as swift as he was early on. And believe it or not, then he's more ready for the knockout. You feel me? But a lot of times these fighters don't let the fight come to 'em. But, but do they get anxious? They get overexcited. They don't let the fight come to 'em, bro, if you letting the fight come to you by doing your your game plan, you'll, you'll realize that the fight will happened just like you expected it to.


You just gotta let all the chips fall into place and start reacting a lot more instead of trying to force the issue. Just reacting on what your guy is doing will make him put thoughts inside of his head as well. So all of those things are little, you know, little gems that you would get, you know, when you working with a fighter with so much experience like myself, bro, it just, it it's so many other ways when in Prepar way preparation, I can help you get ready to, to upset the world. Because a lot of times, bro, you know, if you don't do something that they're not expecting you to do, then you really not, you really not putting a dent in the thing.


You gonna have to upset somebody that they don't think you can win in order to really, you know, put a mark on the game. You know what I'm saying? So if you favor to win all the time, there's no mystery in it, but it's that underdog, that underdog that they're not planning for that really, you know, that keeps the, I think keeps the game a lot. You know what I'm saying? Did you Think Frank Martin had a chance with Tank? He would've had to fight the perfect fight. You know, he would've had to fight the perfect fight. I think if he would've been aggressive round three and just really started, you know, seeing could he back javonte up instead of just allowing Javonte to come to him?


He could've probably challenged Javonte a little bit more, but eventually I think his talent was going to ante's talent was gonna show up. Here's a guy that's, you know, that's been a child prodigy in boxing, you feel me? Been in the game since he was a kid. He got that Mayweather too, which early in his career, he's been on that level for so long. He's, he's used to it. And a lot of times these guys get there for the first time. Like Martin, you know, those lights can be intimidating, bro. You know, and Martin fought well, he fought well and he's gonna become a better fighter from this. So don't sleep on Martin man. Because if you go back and look at all these fighters, ante have fought, has fought Ryan Garcia, pit Bull Cruz, you feel me?


And, and and, and, and now the guy we were just speaking of, these guys are gonna get better. You know what I mean? So, you know, when you get in there with Avante, you get better look at row, you know, row. Even Rolly won a title after he fought, got knocked down by Javonte. So I think he'll come back better and stronger. So don't, don't don't sleep on Martin, he'll be back. Let's Talk about the great things you did. You fought in different weight classes moving up. How, how was you able train like that, bro, like that, like people don't understand how hard that is to keep moving up and moving up. Like how was you able to do that? They train, like, how was that? Man, I was a big light heavyweight, but I, I always felt that, you know, I just stayed, I stayed at Light heavyweight because I felt I was the best light heavyweight.


But when you look at me, I was a natural 220 pound, you feel me? And, you know, so, you know, yeah man, that weight killed me for a long time, bro. But cruising weight, I won a title. I, I beat Danny Green and heavyweight, I was undefeated. I never lost as a heavyweight, you know what I'm saying? So I I i, I really wish I could have had a shot, you know, to fight for the title. Man, who knows, back then, you know, Crisco was on his way out. AJ was not the skillful guy he is today. Then Wilder, we know Wilder had some flaws in his game. So, you know, who knows what would've happened if I would've got shot, you know what I mean?


But you know what I mean, I, I think I was a little too small for the big guys, but I still, I think the magic would've showed up regardless. You feel me? Oh, I wish you was around when my baby mama boyfriend was beating my ass. I wish I had somebody in your, your mind corner to go and talk to. 'cause I didn't have nobody. I just had to go put the police on this nigga. I, I, you know what? No, I don't wanna hurt nobody. Shoot nobody. I'd rather put the police nigga alive. You, you a civilian, huh? Woo. Got dead on my head. So the dude hit me so hard in my jaw. I lost vision. I ain't Bullshit. Why, why he know you or she chose you. But, but, you know, I was picking, you know, you know, I, you know, I would pull up stunned, you know?


Oh, Okay. Okay. You playing. Yeah, yeah, I'm playing. Got caught. You know, I got caught for that. Right, right. Okay, let's talk about, you know, you know, you talked about your upbringing, you getting into boxing. How was it when you, when you start making a little money, like, I want, what I'm saying is when I'm go, when I'm hitting that at, did you have a little bit more friends when you start getting money, different people coming in, when you start being successful, you, your entourage starting to get a little bigger than what it was. Let's talk about that. What is something that you could say to a young athlete right now today when they start coming in, this kind of money, what to watch out for and stuff like that? Well, again, man, you know, OGs, bro, you know, OGs that really out here trying to show these guys a different way, honestly, you feel me?


You know, they never, there's no school you can go to to prepare for the suc for success when you come from where we come from. You feel me? So, you know, but it was a good feeling, man, just being able to provide, you know, for the people that I love, you know, doing things, you know, for mom, you know, buying houses and making sure my sisters was good and giving my kids the life that I only dreamed about. You know what I'm saying? That that's really what it's all about, bro, you feel me? And hoping that, you know, we plant the seeds that can continue, continue to grow, you know what I mean? I'm very proud of my son, you know, I think that, you know, once he set his mind to anything, he can achieve anything he wants. And my daughter, she's proven, you know, graduate from Florida, that she can do anything she wants.


So I'm, I'm very proud of my kids, man. And, you know, and for any aspiring champion, bro, like, just listen to the people that are really, you know, there for you, man. You know? And I was cool, man. I think, I don't think none of my friends took advantage of me. I just think maybe I just had a little, little bit too much fun sometime, you know, made some bad decisions along the way in life. You know what I'm saying? We all have, We all, you know, we all have. But you know, overall, man, I wouldn't, I wouldn't change a thing, bro. Like, you know what I mean? I'm still here, bro. I'm vibrant, you feel me? And you know, God got me, you feel me? And like, I, I think when, when you look at the energy, bro, it's like that's what you know, life is all about, man.


It's how you feel, bro. And I think, you know, I'm glad I don't look like what I've been through. You feel me? For sure, for sure. So, you know, and, and for that man, I'm, I'm like, hey, I just, like I said, man, right now I'm, I've enjoyed retirement, bro. But like I say, my job ain't done yet, bro. Because if I don't even give this knowledge and experience that I got away, bro, what good is, bro? You feel me? What good, what a sacrifice that I made if I'm not able to give that back. So I think I, I know where my future lies. I'm gonna help a lot of kids, bro. We going to de develop a lot of champions, man. And I'm gonna make, and, and, and try to develop a lot of these fighters in my image. You feel me? So, you know what I mean? And, and that's what I think, you know, and, and once I do that, man, we gonna see the difference.


You know, it's only gonna take one, one talent to come and really get these lessons, bro, of what I can really show them, man. I call it sprinkling their magic on them, bro. I think everybody gotta get in touch with it, you feel me? Because I think it's truly something in the water over here in Florida. It got, I mean, you know, you is the magic man. Like I said earlier, I say the same thing. If I'm a boxer man, I wanna be great. I wanna take something from each and every one of y'all, man. I want love to come in and sit down and pick y'all brain if I'm boxing and learn different moves. That way I could be ahead of everybody. You wanna be the best, you know what I'm saying? You have to beat the best. Well, let's go out and train the best. Let's get the best trainer I can get. Let get the best footwork coach I can get. If, if I need the motivator, then let me get the best motor like I want.


Have all the things, Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the filet of fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take care of yourself This summer and save on personal care items at your local store. Now through August 27th, get extra discounts when you purchase participating items like Dove Beauty Bar, dove body, Wash dove men Plus Care, body Wash or deodorant, dove shampoo Trace May shampoo and Axe body spray.


The more you buy, the more you save, catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious, thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking.


The point is, all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy Modo us. Visit M odo.us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are, Mo d offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at MO do do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly, conditions apply. See website for details.


Hello, Go us. For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


I want to be great tall, like I'm, I'm a comedian, like I want to be. Great. So I studied Richard Pry, the Bernie Max, the Red Sam, no Red Fi. I studied these guys down. Student of game, student another Game. I don't wanna skip no steps, I don't wanna skip No steps. I mean, I think it's a culture thing, man. I think these guys gotta start getting back to the, to the root of it, bro. You feel me? And it, it's really yourself against you, man. You know what I mean? I looked in that mirror a lot of nights, man, you feel me? When I, you know, I didn't want to get up at five, but I was driven, bro, because I just knew that if I didn't, my opponent was out there doing it anyway. You feel me? So I just did everything I felt like, and I had, I had some gifts too, man.


I had some gifts. I thank God bless me with a nice thinking cap to be able to put that in that, you know, in my fight game. See, they could never put this on the tail of the tape. You know, they can say how long your arms are, you feel me? How much power you got? But they can't measure your thinking power, you feel me? So I think when you, you know, when you look at my career, I'm always be underestimated because what made me a, a solid, great, a great fighter. What it didn't show up on, tell him to take. Mm, okay, I'm gonna pick your brain right quick, ma'am. How truly great was Manny Pac? Truly great, truly great. You know, we wish that fight with him and Floyd would've happened in their prime.


You know, you know, when I look at that fight, when they did fight, you can see, you know, Floyd was always, seemed like he was one or two steps ahead of Manny, you feel me? And, and, and that's that thinking power that I was mentioning talking about today. Even though Manny had good feet, Manny had the power and he just never could get a step or two ahead of Floyd. You feel me? Even though, you know, he probably, he got a couple shots and he never was able to turn the tide. Floyd just out boxing masterfully. So I think that probably would've happened even if they were in a prep, you feel me? So, you know, Manny was a great fighter.


You don't win as many titles and beat as many legends as he has, not being a great fighter, you know? So yeah, Manny, all time great. You ever suffering any injuries during training camp? And what was that like? Like the, the mental, the mental part of it, like another setback, like how you deal with those setbacks? Man, you know, sometime, you know, in the latter part of my career, it was injuries all the time. You know, ankle injury, you know, knee and, but somehow, bro, you just made it through, you feel me? It was times when my trainer, he can tell you this too, he didn't know how I was going to perform because I didn't have a, not a good day in training camp, but it was all mental, you feel me?


So when I got in there, I take my ankle up and it was against Jonathan Banks, it was one of my heavyweight, one of my last heavyweight fights. And I knocked Jonathan Banks out. It was a good performance. But leading up to that fight, bro, I cut my hand, I had bad ankles the whole time. I couldn't really get my, my sprints in like I wanted to. Running was hard, but we just never stopped, you know what I mean? Every morning we got up, even if we had to walk and limp and make it, you know, we, it'll take us a mile to get warmed up to get my threshold up. We just did it, you know what I'm saying? And it was a struggle, bro. It was, it went through the pain. But then again, when I got in that ring, everything came together, you feel me?


So I didn't quit on myself and you know, I didn't really know how I was gonna perform, but I did the work and I didn't quit on myself. So when I got in there, everything came together. We knocked him out in a nice round. Yes you did. You ever suffered a hand injury during a fight? Like, like, like even though you, you know, you probably even won the fight, but you, you knew that, you know, you didn't have certain power in a certain hand or not that you hurt. I seen something boxer the other day. He broke his toy shoulder or something. Yeah, yeah. And he fixed Tim, Tim Fimo Lopez just hurt his hand in his last fight. And I spoke to him after the fight. And, and see this is the thing in training camp is when we mostly hurt our hands because we're not rapping our hands as tight as we would if we was in a fight.


But it's at practice where you gotta protect your hand the most because if you hurt your hands, you outta business. So it takes veterans like myself and other guys that know this, that you gotta get that athletic sticky tape, two inch tape and you gotta put that on your skin, bruh, to keep those small particle bones intact. Because if you punch punching, like most of these guys should be punching like a pro, you gonna do some damage. If all you have is that wrap going practice now you need to protect your hand much better. Put that two inch tape on and use that as the, like a little cast then wrap and then tape some more.


So you gotta protect your hands and I think that's where these guys are hurting their hands at. They're not really protecting their hands. And that two inch tape is expensive. If you order it off eBay and all that, it can get expensive, but you gotta make that investment in your career. Mm. That, that definitely makes sense on that part. Gimme your Mount Rushmore boxes, your top five Mount Rushmore, Yours. You don't have to be no particular One person. Sugar Ray Leonard is definitely on there for me. Muhammad Ali, Roy Jones Jr. Is on there, Mayweather and one of my all popper pound grapes, man, Roberta Duran.


Ooh, you feel me? Ooh, Roberta Duran on there. Duran made the cut, bro. I like, but you know, those are my favorite. You know, I come from that generation, bro. You know, Ali, you know, I can go back to Jack Johnson, you feel me? That I have a, you know, real, you know, connection with Jack Johnson. You feel me, was one of my favorites historically. But you know, Ali, it, it all started with Ali for me, you feel me? Because I was that young when it was nothing else but Ali, you feel me? And one of my greatest moments, man, when I saw him light the torch, you feel me? 1996 in the Olympics. I'll never forget that. You know what I mean? We didn't even know who's going to light the torch. And lo and behold, it's Muhammad and Ali.


Man, that was one of the, one of the most teary eyed moments I ever had, man representing the country you did on that track with all the greats, you feel me? Nine, six, that was, you know, I think you won for me Because I think you won like three times that year, didn't you? Oh yeah, I, in nine five, I won all the, I won every championship in nine five going into the Olympics, you know? Yeah, man, that was a, you know, I won, I wanted to get that goal for me and Roy man for Florida, you feel me? Because, you know, it was a, at a time in 1988, I saw the great, the great Roy Jones Jr. In Soul Korea get robbed of the gold. And that moment in time was instrumental for me, man.


I got off the couch right then and ran three miles. Boy, I could promise you I ain't looked back since. You feel me? I've been running there since Doug. I Got the Roy Jones. We praying for you too, fam. We praying for you, man, you and your family. Oh yeah, Yeah, for sure, man. Yeah, yeah. You have any stories, like, did you ever get to meet Muhammad Aligo? Like what was his aura like if you ever got to meet? Yes, I was blessed. I was blessed to meet him, man. He was a little older, but I commentated on one of Le Ali fights he had early on in Washington DC and he was there and And, we was all in the dressing room, you know, we were with the family. I had a chance to meet him, sit down with him and everything like that.


Just a, a beautiful guy, man. Just everyone loved Ali, right? I mean that's, that's all I can say is just all love. When, when he was around, when, whenever his name was mentioned and yeah, and Layla and I, you know, we always had a, a friendship over the years. You know, buddy McGirt was course her training as well, so we used to go to training camp together and all that. But yeah, Layla, man, just to see her career and how it went and everything, being there and, and, and, and just being, knowing that she came from that great, you know, line man. That, that's amazing bro. You know, Ali's synonymous in boxing, definitely the goat, you know what I mean?


Far as I'm concerned. Oh man, definitely go you a goat yourself, man. You, you did some great things in boxing Tarver, man. You know, that's what this show is about, to bring light to it. For the people out there that don't know Antonio Tarver man was a hell of a boxer, man. Go and check it out. Any aspiring boxers out there, any boxers out there now that's, you know, you want help, but you really don't want rub your people and your team the wrong way. Fuck 'em. Reach out to somebody like 12, man. Get your ass some help so you can stop getting your ass beat. And you know, when you are winning, getting all the money, you know what I'm saying? You, I'm about, Man, come holler and get right to man. I just want to thank you personally, man, for coming on this show, man, person to The, Bubba, Dub, Show, man.


Like I say, anything you'd like to say to the people, anything you want the people to know, you can say it right now on the show, man. Let us know anything you wanna say. Hey man, just follow me on adding Antonio Tar on all social media platforms. I got a great podcast. T it's the most informative take in boxing. Just remember where you heard it first. This is my platform where I really break down the superstars of boxing and see who they're fighting and And. we try to break down all the major matchups and let you know what I think, how the fight going go. And then I give you the recap of how close I was or if I was all wrong. Let you know how it goes and what else to look forward to in the coming, in the coming months in boxing.


So we just trying to stay active, man. I try to show up to all the fights, you feel me? If you want Thomas, take at your fight. Make sure you tap in. So that's what it's all about, man. Just giving back to the game right now. All for sure man. Hey, thank y'all for tuning in Day to The, Bubba Dub Show. I told y'all ass that I hagg a legend stopping by and Tony Vo magic man, stop by, sit down. You know what I'm saying? Chop up gave us great game, great insight of boxing, man. We thank you so much, brother, man. God bless. Can't wait to see you again, man. I appreciate it, man. God bless you. Thanks for having me, my guy. Yes Sir. Yes sir. The volume. Am I doing the right thing with my finances?


Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz to get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This ad Is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered Investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice. Hey There. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take care of yourself This summer and save on all your personal care favorites. Now through August 27th. Save up to $3 or more when you purchase participating personal care items like Pampers wipes, Gillette Razors, Metamucil Crest toothpaste, secret Body Spray, and a Swiffer Power Mop.


The more you buy, the more you save. Catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


Modo us. Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly, conditions apply. See website details. Hello, do us For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team.


BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at Careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.