
Hey, welcome to The Cooper Residence Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised she put my name first. Come on in.


From The Brains behind The Big Bang Theory and young Sheldon C B S is excited to welcome back some beloved familiar folks. I am so glad that you N C C are here and Georgie at a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie and Mandy's first marriage premier C B. S tonight eight seven Central and streaming on Paramount Plus.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't want to miss. The. Things that we want and are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active and if we don't participate, They tackle The. Big questions, politics, policy, and what's next for The country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for The border though? Charlemagne? First thing we dropped was a bill to fix The Broken Immigration System, which by The way, Trump did not fix when he was president. Don't miss this in-depth. Interview with Charlemagne The, God and Vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The Breakfast Club. Catch The. Full interview now on The Black Effect Podcast network. iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


The Volume. Yeah. Yeah. Wednesday night. Wednesday night. I know. I surprise y'all tonight by going live tonight. But look man, I'm in one of th mood. I done got a very, very disturbing phone call and I want to serve with y'all today. But before I Odoo It, go on and hit The like button. Right now. 600 of your own lives are gonna be 600 likes right now. Y'all gonna be in The comment section right now. My nigga. Odoo go alive and news and ears. Yeah. To Al my new subscribers. Welcome to The Bubble Odoo Show.


Show. Tonight going not gonna be your ordinary show. This gonna be a little different tonight. Just a little personal though. So I'm at The crib, chilling. Having a good time. You know What, I'm saying drunk. You know What. I'm saying big on that. Be on their arm. 1942, I'm on that. Done Julio. Hers on my chest poking note. I'm feeling real good. My phone ring. Baby mama call and time. My baby mama called me. It's not a good thing, but she called me The night. She was bothered. I knew something was up. She was like, Hey, hey, hey, I really need your help. I'm like, what's going on? Something with The kids. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Ain't done with The kids. Look, I'm gonna ask you something but I also want to give you something too.


I'm like, okay, cool. She was like, you think you could let me have $2,500 to Get my boyfriend out and and not give you hell again. Odoo, you hear What I guess said my baby mama just called me asking me to give her a $2,500 to Get her boyfriend outta jail. But if I Odoo It, she will gimme head again. And I did come, I been missing my baby mama. Y'all just dunno. The head fire boy. Can't nobody Get head like my baby mama Odoo. You hear me? Boy? I climb a volcano on for my baby mama. So guess What. I did. I cash out The 2,500 oh boy.


On his home. On his way home right now. I ain't even tripping. He could come home and Odoo What. He need to Odoo with her because tomorrow evening she belonged to me and he gonna be babysitting my kids too, brother. Keep a close eye on th too nigga. And I'm not playing. Let him don't watch my kids watch me Call C P S on him. You an unfit stepfather. Yeah, I made that deal. I know What. Y'all think It Odoo. You a sim ho you gonna Get another man out because that man is a great babysitter. Odoo. You hear me? I can't watch my kids The way. He watch my kids. He have patience. I don't have patience. He can cook, he can clean, he can work on cars. The Nigga is a jack of Al trades. He everything.


I'm not. That's why I'm not there now. So for y'all Get in The comment session and judge me, I made The right decision. That man didn't need, he didn't need to be in jail. That man didn't need to be in jail when he could be at The house watching my kids for me and my baby mama. Boy, I'm fixing enjoy that tomorrow. I'm not playing and I'm not one th condom. th either. I just thought you want some head. I lied my money. These are my conditions and my terms. And you agreed to th go and bend over. Yeah, go and bend over just like, like you used to. Odoo. It come here. Oh, I been on some my baby mama for a million now because we been into It.


So I got a lot of pressure build up ho And Aint going take, and I'm finna take that they, they they Hundred pack too. Come here. I'm not, I'm not finna have no early ending. Nope. I'm not going to retirement early with her. Nope. I'm lasting a long time. Yeah. Fall th I'm going th niggas tomorrow. I know What. Y'all sitting back judging me. You crazy. Ain't no way I would Odoo that shit because you ain't you me and you different What you eat. Don't make me shit. I'm gonna Odoo What. I gotta Odoo to please me now when I want her to come over every now and then and man I need kids done. He here. Leave th with him.


I send you 30, $40 on cash app for him in case he wanted to Get him a pizza from Little Caesar or somewhere like that. Got $5 pizza be hidden though. Y'all be talking down. I said y'all getting boozy. Y'all used to The Marco's Pizza and The Pizza hood. Man don't forget about Lil Caesar. You know What. I'm saying It It. You know you The reason you some of you alive right now from Little Caesar. That damn $5 piece came in handy. Didn't It. I Al one in a minute. I ain't bullshit. I'll pull up to a chick out we hungry. Shit don't worry, let's go Get something to eat bad. They think they going to a restaurant. I pull up in Little Caesar so motherfucking up.


So I like to date th hood holes three pieces. Big piece. They think I'm rich. I ain't spent but 23 in there because I got a soldier to go. Come here. She on The phone with her home girl. This nigga got money. Nigga bought me three pieces more. ho ho. Odoo Odoo and Ears and ears. Y'all be so quick to take these females you restaurants and Al that tape. They as The Little Caesars The Kids don't love you for It. I'm telling you now. Telling you a guy little boy shit I can't make this shit up. Shit. Yeah shit because some y'all women now because y'all, y'all getting money now. Y'all getting real money so y'all want to go down here What steak 48.


You know What. I'm saying Nick and Sam Steakhouse, y'all want go to pf p N F Change even though It ain't that Smith, that's What. Y'all want to go and eat out? Not me. I take a motherfucker go Corral, let's try to meet Los Deer. Let's try to master table. Let's try to fish so you can Get Al kinds of food and go corral. Shit. That's where I'm going with The old folks. They be having they old ass in line. Nigga move tip toeing around this goddamn road nigga I hurt you in Golden Corral. Move out my damn way. See they high too. Shit about 35 for one plate and go to Carral now Buddy's worth It. You can take her kid or you know What. I'm saying or you Get you up. You know What. I'm saying one person Get up at a time.


You go I watch your plate and your soda while you go Odoo What you Odoo. When I come back we Odoo The same thing. Shit. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't nothing like double dating The Golden Corral. See you ain't gotta worry about no young niggas in The body. You know What I'm saying you ain't, you know What, I'm saying they Get strictly older people. Nothing. They wanna come eat they food, they gotta take they medicine before they eat. th The kind of people be at Golden Corral. That's why I go ahead. See I bully th I bully th old people like that. Yeah because I can't fight so when I go and Golden Corral and move put something on your old ass. That's why that's ho I talk to 'em or nothing because th The only people I know I can Get my shit off and win Now I ain't gonna pull It with nobody my age or younger. I ain't gonna Odoo It. But when it's older people like that shit, it's up.


And I respect my elders. My mama taught me ho to respect my elder but when ain't nobody around or nothing. I sure ho one of th elders, I wish your old ass will come over here. Your ass wake up next week messing with me. You rather go to that day, you'd rather go to The Jungle and fight a Jaguar. You in The fuck with me. Well I'm a 17 degree black belt head. Chuck knows about me shit head Chuck knows about Odoo. He'll tell you I don't play now I know y'all wanna know why would I Odoo that for my baby mama. I dig It because of The head y'all I be stressed out man going on The Road stressed out dealing with this, dealing with that.


When I Get back and I Get that kind of head man It make me forget about everything. I'm talking about paying my rent, I'm talking about paying child support. My veterinarian bill man It make me forget about It. Al that I don't even worry about paying It no more. When I Get that head and she comforts me. You know What I'm saying you ever got head and got comfort. Ooh. Well y'all just dunno. Y'all pray for me. Y'all pray for me. Aint another thing I wanna talk to y'all about tonight man. My pastor man you know it's Wednesday night man. I got up and left because my pastor after bible study tonight pulled me to The side.


You know that boy home? I'm like shit The nigga I What. You talking about Pastor? Nah oh me home. You know shit me home. We fucking had th things again there you mean things again. Shit. I wish I would come back to my community with they Bs. I'm sending you and him right back. Pastor gonna lost his damn near big mech coming home. He want to tell me th things finna come back up. th softball nigga that's over with th south softball back in oh five and look away. It got you doing 25 now my pastor came in, my pastor used to sell that work with me. He did. But The excitement I seen in his face today at church made me leave.


I ain't Charles ain't look like that in about 10 years. He did a little fed time too. 'cause y'all won't know Pastor Little Fed they did like four years on that B MF trip. But he came on back, you know What I'm saying but mech home now and he's talking The same talk he was having back in oh two and oh three. Like I'm like ho are you, you supposed to be my pastor dog. You talk my softballs and finna be a party in Detroit. I be damn you gonna sit right here on Sunday and preach The word pastor. That's What you going Odoo. th days is over. Th days is over. We ain't on The block no more. We in The pulpit now. We on podcast is now fam I know The big home at home.


Welcome home and and don't Odoo nothing wrong. I send th back now I'm Al about cleaning up these streets. I don't wanna see Naga now Drug on these motherfucking streets Odoo you. I don't wanna see no pills. I don't wanna see no lean. I don't wanna see none of that but weed that's Al I wanna see is weed, Al this other Fentanyl and heroin and, and and and what's that other shit they was on water. I don't want none of that on my streets under my watch. Whoever The president gonna be Whether, It, Kamala or Trump. We figure clean The streets up Al black people. Get $5,000 checks too.


Lemme become president. Every black person in The world getting $5,000 checks. Your credit gonna be credit score gonna be eight 50. And The hoes ho been stripping for 10 years. ho they trying to go to school. You five, you fired ho stripping for 10 years talking about you going to school, you trying to make It work. No you're not. You can fell in love with this life. You can fell in love. You can in love rubbing your booty and somebody left. I'm sick of It if I'm president, no more time support cutting that bullshit out.


Be some changes. If I'm president, I'm president. You can pop pu scream my language for The old people. 'cause I'm working on this. If you, if I'm president, you can buy some cat legally. I know we've been doing It and I've been doing It for years, but it's legal now. You can come out and open and Odoo It now somebody you see, Hey look, look, look, I ain't fucking argue with you. I been seeing you four, five years. I ain't been won. Say nothing. I've been respectful. Look here, got 300 for It, What, Odoo, It, Odoo. Oh you don't want 300? I got hundred The Lord What because I want It. Lemme be president. You can say What. You want say and ho you going say It and see I'm President Al, black people.


Get The, whole week of Christmas off and Thanksgiving. I think I'm being fair May for Mexicans. Y'all Get that whole week off too. White people What day. I'm gonna give y'all, I'm gonna give y'all Friday The 13th. That's The. Only day y'all getting off. Y'all like horror so motherfucking much. Y'all like blood so motherfucking y'all fascinated with vampire so motherfucking Al white people Get to go at every year. 51 deal every year. 51 Al, The White people Get to go over there This week. Charlemagne The. God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't want to miss.


The. Things that we want and are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active and if we don't participate, They tackle The. Big questions, politics, policy and what's next for The country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for The border though? Charlemagne, first thing we dropped was a bill to fix The broken immigration system, which by The way, Trump did not fix when he was president. Don't miss this in-depth. Interview with Charlemagne The, God and Vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The Breakfast Club. Catch The full interview now on The Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts or wherever you Get your podcasts. Sick of this shit, y'all.


Because y'all some nosy motherfuckers when th aliens and th lights be coming down and shit. Niggas is running. We ain't trying to video and see this shit, but not Josh and Dave. They got The cameras out. They they wanna go up to The Light. Oh my god, let's go and touch It deserve. They sip your ass right up in that motherfucker. We never see you again. Now we gotta deal with your, with your bad big ass wive and, and your no talking as kids on there. Man. We so miss our father. See they should stage they ass in The house. When, when, when bad things are going on. Us black people we know ho to run and hide for cover tornadoes, hurricanes, white people go towards that shit.


Why? I'm asking y'all why Odoo White people go towards danger. It's What. I wanna know go out there and Get killed in a tornado. Talking about, I'm talking about Monday through Friday day work every day. Never miss a day, never late. Same everything but Saturdays and Sundays they chasing wild animals and then they Get killed. Nah, I can't take out from work because Josh done got killed chasing tornadoes. Why? Why What in The? Hell Odoo you make you wanna chase a tornado.


You know What, I'm saying It just don't make sense. ho It gonna make sense to y'all either. ho I gave me baby mama $2,500 to Get to God. But y'all ain't never had my baby mama head. You know What, I'm saying head fire. Head is terrific off of my head. So good. Made me pay ti. I ain't paid ties in eight years. Shit. What you want I put It in there. Mr. Put It in your plate. It's me. Well don't hit The like button since she him. Ain't nothing going on this Wednesday tonight. Ain't nothing going on. But w N B a Get What. You is some good ball players going on right there. But other than that, ain't nothing else going on right now man. But me. Y'all want some entertainment motherfucker. I'm finna give It to you.


Go on and Get your popcorn right now. Go on and Get you something to drink. Go on and roll up. We finna have a ball here night. Got a lot to talk about. I got light off my mother fucking chest right now man. You know What, I'm talking about y'all could say What, y'all want say about P Digger but that song he had satisfy you. I can show you by Real love and I promise that I that I have It just to S. Put It on right now. The Knife. You at The house, you ain't got nothing going on. Just you and your loved one. Don't put It on damn Netflix. Damn It ain't no Netflix now. I'm not gonna hold your big ass. You ain't one 60 no more. Bitch you two 70. I can't hold you no more ho. Hold me back in The days, I could hold your evil.


I could pick you up in buy that rock like Fair Pat. Which I can't Odoo that no more baby. I can't Odoo that. You bigger than Monique. Come here, make your ass down right here or hold me more. Hold me, make me feel good sometimes. Yeah, protect me. I need protection. You know I can't fight but you gonna call your brother on me any motherfucking way. Y'all don't understand man. ho a figure. Be a little man like me. I'm little guy man. People picking on me and shit. You know when I finally Get my girl in The bed to Odoo What we need to be doing. She be saying dumb shit like come on, pick me up. You can Odoo It. No, I can't hoe I can't fucking pick you up.


I can't Get It out your brain. But if you can lay on your back, you can lay on your motherfucker stomach. I'll crawl up on you like a an on a cow and I handle my motherfucking business. You wouldn't even know I'm there because I ain't got nothing. I'm just saying you wouldn't even know I'm now, but I'm there. Y'all talk to me man. ho would y'all feel about if y'all pastor pulled y'all to The side after church and told you Big me's home and th things from be back on The way. What, would you say to your pastor, I know some of y'all say shit, I I'm ready. Nah, we ain't doing Al that we leading by example. We finna teach these young men ho to be men and th women gonna teach these young ladies ho to be women.


That's What The. That's What we missing right now. Nobody teaching these, these boys ho to be men. Like boys to men. Y'all remember that group Boys to Men, you know understand that's What. We gotta Odoo, we gotta lead by example. We gotta quit getting mad, getting emotional nigga done hit you, a nigga done beat you up, you Get mad, wanna run to your car, wanna Get on your phone, call your homeboy, come back and shoot everything up. Any, some people getting killed. We got to stop that bullshit right there. Don't take that ass whooping like Craig was doing when Deebo was giving th What they wanted, he wanted to shoot. He wanted to because he knew What was gonna happen, but he did. He fought like a man he could live to see another day.


That's What. We need to start back doing, start back calling people out. You know, What, let's Get in The ring. Let's throw these things. See I'm Al about wanting that's throw these things until it's s time to throw these things. I don't wanna Odoo It, you know What I'm saying because I'm not a fighter. And my mom always told me, man, if you don't wanna fight and that's What, I'm gonna Odoo, I'm gonna sit there and talk. No, act like I really wanna Odoo something to you, but I really don't man. I'm really bluffing inside Odoo. I ain't about that lie bro. You know What, I'm saying I'm not finna let you embarrass me man. I'm not finna let you hit on me no more. You know What, I'm saying like that because I'm used to getting hit on man. You know What, I'm saying I'm taking th licks at my son birthday party. You know What, I'm saying they stepped, you know my girl boyfriend, not this one but The one before W put FES and hands on me in front of my kids, man.


Beli on me. You know What. I'm saying make my kids call th daggy in front of me. Like I was hurt behind that. People were like, man, you better than me. I have been done took C out, but It wasn't even about using my pistol with C. And Lord knows I wanted to in my mind, but I couldn't. I had to be smart. I had to be here for my kids. So ho can't I be here for my kids but still be a man? Lord knows I want The. Pow. But I didn't. So What I did was I put The police in his line because he was a felon. He wasn't supposed to be around no gun. And that's ho I got rid of him. See, God is good man. My heavenly father will provide for you.


I'm talking about he will move mountains for you if you call on him. I don't know about some of y'all, but I love God. Yeah, Joe did he in jail right now. 20 years to life coming up for parole and I'm gonna make my way on down there and talk to th people and tell th don't release It. Leave in now. Leave in there. He gonna, he ain't What What. He gonna Odoo out here. time change, you know What, I'm saying he been gone for minute. He ain't gonna able to adapt to this world. Leave him where yet. You know, What I'm saying and in The world a better place where I him now, I go, I see his sister Al The time and be like, you know, me and your brother need to put that behind us.


And I'm so ready for him to come home. And she be like, me too Bubba. I'm, I'm like, you know he gonna be home real soon. And that's when I find out he a well, you know What, it's fucking you say that because he up for parole in my mind. Oh yeah, you lying. Then I go Odoo my due diligence. Find out he up for parole. I make a trip down now. Here I am today. I'm here. He still in there. I ain't pulling no pistol. I ain't did nothing to hurt him. Get him outta here. He's still alive. He's just not on The streets. That's Al. You got to Odoo. I motherfucker let him trick me away from my kid when he was hitting on me. You know dude hit hard, you know What, I'm saying like, I, I can't lie.


Dude hit me in my stomach. I lost vision. I ain't lying. Boom. I couldn't see and I, my out my head was just ringing ring. I couldn't see I was feeling for him. 'cause if I could just grab him, I was going to bite him. And that was my only line of defense that I had. But I could never Get my hands on him. He was real good with maneuvering and dancing and hit me with certain punches that I couldn't see. And that dude so good with The hand, my homeboy that was there, he didn't even jump in. He was like, man, it's two grown men, man, y'all gotta Odoo that one on one. Right. That's ho good old boy was with The hand. So, and this was my partner, partner, you know What, I'm saying he didn't help. So since he didn't want to help me, seemed like he helped him.


So when I got The police pulled on a boy ho beat me up. I put th on my homeboy too. Now Bose of y'all can be in The cell together because y'all in cahoots or something. Because if my pot to fighting, I'm helping, I'm known to help jump people. Shit, I can't fight before jumping. Shit. I'm The goat. I'm gonna Get my two, three links in too. Fall down around me. You want to, I'm stomping, I'm stomping you and gonna brag about It too until your family pull up. Man, What you doing stomping my cousin fam. I wasn't in there. They told you I stomped on. He lied. I don't even Get down like that. Odoo.


Nah, not me. That was t th that was t th did that my baby mama. Tell th tell th tell th I ain't said nothing. I ain't Odoo that. I ain't touched nobody. That's me. I'm gonna talk my way out of a ass whooping. Every time I dig It as a kid, I'm doing It as an adult too. That's Al. I'm saying fall down around me. Your ass getting stomped. That's Al. I'm saying don't fall. Oh nickel. I'm getting in on you real quick and getting on your pocket there. You know What. I'm saying I know What. Y'all saying come on Odoo. And I ain't, I couldn't pull a shank out. I ain't Odoo Al that. No I just p and Get on outta there.


That's What. We Odoo. Yeah. I been scary. You ain't gotta tell me you acting scary. I been scary. I can't fight my baby mama tell you that. I didn't left her dude in Walmart. Walked up to my baby mama and hit on her ass. She turned around looking at me. I'm looking at her What. You and this nigga got going on. She don't even know him. But I gotta play. I'm starting to fight with her boy. I fight him. That's Al. I'm saying It scared him. 'cause I got down on my baby mama allegedly right there in Wal more left ho dropped her me and that dude seen that shit and Ggo pocket left because he, he, he realized It that boy Odoo got so look What he did to his own girl shit, allegedly shit.


He was talking shit to me and I just bow knocked a wig off a, he allegedly, I'm just saying It wasn't no Pete Digger type shit, no stuff, shit. She saw everything coming. You know What I'm saying she saw It coming. I had to because if I didn't he was gonna Get dig on my ass right there in Walmart and it's a female or nothing that I liked. I didn't want to Get embarrassed. So you know What, I'm saying I took my frustrations. I go whoa, I know What. Y'all probably say ass nigga I been there. I told y'all that. I'm not, I I'm not, I'm old as nigga. I admit I I ain't, ain't no shame in that. Ain't no murder. You know What. I'm saying ain't no killer, ain't ain't know What. I'm saying no you, I ain't no thief. I'm a nigga.


I'll be there, I'll be that any ain't no I'll be that. That's The problem with y'all. Y'all wanna be so real and you not real. You not real. Your mama telling you every day you ain't real hanging with th boys on that street. Ain't number trouble nigga. So of y'all church boys acting like y'all gangsters stop It. You niggas know The Bible from front to back. But out here in these streets you thugging. Man stop It fam you gonna Get your ass somewhere and start preaching become a Deacon t Sunday School or something. Y'all ain't like that. I know I ain't. And I don't pretend to be evil. So if I'm with a chick and we out in The Club and niggas Get to fighting and shooting you bug shit.


You better, you better, you better run with me. I'll let look It back. Let me Get th shit. You gonna be with th I'm gonna th I'm fist telling th about that parking lot and don't leave your purse in The car 'cause I'm going in It. Come on Rat. I'm ratchet. Yeah hold you, leave your purse The. Call me. I'm going in It. Come here. 3.50 shit. I can Get a whole house with this. Come here. Come here. Boo has some come. I come back and pick up later somebody. You done got my money. ho would I steal from you if I was gonna steal from you?


I took The whole purse. Odoo got The court and everything but they still What I need with your money. That's What. I'm telling her I would never steal from you. I had my cousin in her. That's ho probably got It but The cousin is me. The whole time come I got a whole ounce of Richie. I'm feeling Smokey with ho. Yeah, done Julio Bagger too. A small one, you know 39.95. Come on. I know your money missing but don't worry about It. I'm gonna make up for It right here in bed with you. Come on. Come on and put this Kao Dragon tongue going. Get her mind. Right. Make us forget Al about that four 50.


I done got over on we Ernesto


This week. Charlemagne The. God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation. You don't wanna miss The. Things that we want and are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active and if we don't participate They tackle The. Big questions, politics, policy and what's next for The country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for The border though? Charlemagne, first thing we dropped was a bill to fix The broken immigration system. Which by The way, Trump did not fix when he was president. Don't miss this in-depth. Interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The Breakfast Club. Catch The full interview now on The Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts or wherever you Get your podcasts.


Odoo don't fines us. I can't be trusted. That's just What. I'm saying see that it's The Odoo in me. Now you wanna go back and see fighting and Get your friends. That What. That's ho you Get. You know What. I'm saying that's ho you Get fine. I peeled up out The parking lot, you know What. I'm saying I'm driving. I look, I see The purse, I'm like look at God up there somewhere knowing I would need money. I definitely called my mama for $57 and shit. Look ho you whole purse. Come on. I ain't got 12. I got It for four. You know What, I'm saying I for four. You know I wanna drive there for What eight. You know What, I'm saying I ain't tripping.


Like I say, I got The whole oath from my got a whole. And I said Reggie paid him one 50 for Reggie on The O. See, come here. I feeling good. Yeah. Odoo Julio. Yeah, we back in my mama crib. Yeah, in my room going down. Yeah. Told Mama don't you come out your motherfucking room. I you gonna tell me What Odoo on my own. ho ho Your Al right now. Don't turn up my high. I won't. I'm The man of The High. I'm walking around like Melvin th baby boy now. Even though my mama in her room sleep. Yeah. Yo, I'm in The getting off this your high bubble and ears.


You keep It up, you can move in with me. Real talk. Even though that my, I'm kept like his real talk. I be putting on a show in front of th more I be lying like, boy I ain't know you had It like this. You know I'm, I'm quiet. I'm low key. I don't even want everybody in my business like that, you know, on The. Cool. I appreciate if you gonna really say nothing either because you know I'm, you know, people find out where I live and ho I'm doing then we gonna Odoo something to th you know, but you good. Your secrets are safe with me. Your secrets are safe with me. Y'all don't know nothing about that Mike. That's What I be doing. I be doing my best.


I be doing my best. Y'all. Y'all don't even know It. Y'all don't even know what's going on right now man. Al my new subscriber coming in right now. Dub so crazy and s well peek this though.


Go and download prize picks right now. Download The number one Sports Fantasy app right now. Use my promo code trash. I'm fora put you on this money thing first time user after you put in trash in The promo with The two Hs. You put, you put $5 in, they gonna give you 55 and 50 that go together. And with that five you can turn that five into three 50, maybe even 500 tomorrow. Put your Pixie in right now. Put your PS in right now. Bronco Rest, saints, Bose, Nicks Spencer, rattler, Bose th trash. But put your Ps in 'cause they got Bose. Nicks slate to have over 191 and a half passing yard. Al you gotta, Odoo is put more or less they got Spencer Rattler gonna have over 181 and gonna have passing yard. Al. You gotta, Odoo is put more less. Yeah, I'm telling you, I'm putting you up on game on prize picks. Only way you gonna win if you don't play. Check me on IG bubble Odoo 94. I be putting my picks and my storage. Make sure right now I know th other apps y'all use and they cool but they ain't prize picks baby. Yeah you know I have to pay a couple bills now I'm back Jack, but let me know ho y'all feeling tonight man?


What's going on man? What talk to me. What's y'all favorite drink man? When y'all going out? I'm in to come here session. When y'all going out What. Y'all be wanting to drink What. Y'all drinking on Nessy. What What My where my Remy people at? You got Don Julio. You got Casamigos What. Y'all drinking on Man, talk to me now. I got some E N J people in The house tonight. Talk to me. What Odoo I think of The Texans. I think The Houston Texans is probably The third best team in The. N FL right now behind The Chiefs. I have Chiefs, I have Ravens and I have Texans. I know most people gonna be Oh What about The, Vikings walk about th I feel like they gonna come back to Earth real soon.


But right now I'm gonna give a Vikings they pro props but personally right now go. I think The Houston, Texas is The third best team in The. N FL right now. Power my son boy. Shit you gotta be 60 nigga. Here say Power. My son ain't gotta be 60 Odoo say never for Loco shit stay away from me if you drinking four Loco, stay away from Odoo. I know you a killer and I know you work on big ass Nikes from Arm. What's my store? Burlington too. Shit. Mm. Water Best thing for you is water. Most definitely Detroit Lines. I see y'all man. I'll never forget that ass whooping y'all gave us. Man y'all, y'all can stop ride riding me.


Pause behind that. I know what's going on. I know we lost shit. Patron. Wild Irish moonshine. I'm cheap. You miss really Skin Patron. I really It, What, Odoo, It, Odoo What I'm sipping on 1942 is What I'm sipping on. That's What. I'm sipping on 1942 and I ain't sipping on nothing else. That's my favorite drink right now man. But you know people always like to hit people up and, and and and and and talk down It be talking down on people. It be like man weed stink man don't gonna be smelling no weed and Al this and that.


Well weed ain't causing people to go out here and harm nobody. It's you drunk motherfuckers that's causing Al. The problems. I heard somebody ho Weed wreck kill seven, seven people. A drunk motherfucker killed everybody except theyself. They The. Only one living in The car crash. Everybody else pack on ip. th on somewhere. The person ho drunk ain't failed nothing. That's What bother me. Ain't failed nothing. Can't be drinking The driving man. Especially in Texas. Click It a ticket, click It a ticket in Texas.


th DWIs is felonies Odoo. You hear me? My uncle been going to AA meeting 30 years. I don't even see why he still got his motherfucking license. Stop letting this nigga drive. Thank God he ain't kill nobody but he done had 75 dwi. I don't play behind they driving and shit. Man. Y'all shouldn't either man know somebody drunk Get they ass off behind The wheel. Save th and save somebody else life. We be letting too much shit go on. Especially when something happened. Damn I coulda stopped.


th I'm so sick of that motherfucking shit right there on arm when somebody died. I just talked to him, I talked to him five minutes ago. Nigga please you ain't talked to th folks in seven months but soon as they die I just talk to 'em man I feel bad God's s time to tell me something. Sure Lee Get you a motherfucking job. That's What God telling you Get you a job nigga. I know I can't be th on one man. I know I'm not The only one The people, family members say that man. I knew It man.


He knew It too or she knew It too 'cause they were giving away everything they had lately and they were just being so nice that they ain't never been y no ain't lying. Black people Odoo that shit Al The time soon somebody die. They just talk to th come on man. Make It make sense. Al th people always wanna hit you up real quick. Hey fam, I'm I ain't, I ain't trying to hold you up or nothing but you got $200 I can borrow tomorrow, shit. Wait till tomorrow nigga. You calling me at eight 30 at night to borrow tomorrow. You might well wait till tomorrow. Nigga call you real quick. Like, like they ain't trying to bother you when they really trying to bother you though.


Soon as you tell 'em yo, they Get friendly in The motherfucker. You know that man you got $200 man. Yeah I got you. You know The Card game down The Road and they hadn't Dodge game down there too. And th girls we met back in The day. They down there too. Nigga start telling you everything when you give 'em something. If I would've told th no you wouldn't have told me none of ain information. Al. I'm gonna way over to pick that 200 up man. Hey you gonna go over there? Yeah, I'm I'm going go back to that car again. Where you going with my $200 nigga? Nigga Get friendly than motherfucker when you give him money start patting you on your back. So I tell you ho good God been to you and Al this and that and, and keep doing What. You're doing that's ho they Get you. That where you in Dub. I'm so motherfucking proud of you boy. Boy.


I remember when you started boy I remember you coming on online crying and no wasn't no support. I remember that. I was like, I remember I I was me. I was telling you remember be patient don't come It was me. Remember go back and look. It was me. Yeah fam you were though man. I appreciate It dog man. That that What we supposed Odoo we supposed to beat there for one another nigga ho out here doing your thing. I'm telling th that's my kfo Odoo your thing boy. Odoo your thing boy. Keep doing you boy. th your kids ho. They beautiful man. Appreciate It fam. Yeah they beautiful man. God is good man. The whole 10 oh thousand man. I gotta play Fight fam. I got a motherfucking place gonna work.


Let's gimme 10,000 Get Get outta my way. Watch me work. That's ho don't niggas Get you. They catch me off to myself and, and and they'll pull It on. But give 10,000 right now boy. I have us a hundred K in six months. Trust me. Al I need is The money. Keep in mind my, my family was 250 pounds couple of months ago. Now he my side nigga. You on follow. I give you $10,000 nigga I'm gonna have to file to Get my money back. I don't wanna Odoo that but I will Odoo that my person.


I ain't gonna be The one. I will Odoo that. I know ain't lying to y'all man. Appreciate that. 4 99. Whoever sent It. We appreciate It man. Somebody say Great Goose, like I don't, I don't beg on Teams bro. Prize Pick is is on Players bro. It's not on Teams Prize Pick is on Players not on Teams. It's on stats. So I don't just, you know What, I'm saying I'm a fan of football, period. Whether, The, Cowboys win or not. I'm a fan football period. I'm gonna watch every game like I'm supposed to watch. 'cause I don't know y'all be saying man, you can't talk about no other quarterback. You talk about Dallas. Man, I'm a sports Anglers bro. I'm gonna talk about everybody I know Dak is whack. Y'all know Dak is whack. D is What, It is. But if your quarterback playing whack, I'm gonna tell you he playing whack.


That's that, that that's my job. That's What. I Odoo. I can't be biased. Cowboys ain't What. Damn right Now I know It, you know It The whole fucking world know It Cowboys is whack. That's why I moved to another team when they start back winning and when I go back over there, that's ho ain't no different. When you niggas, when y'all break up with y'all girl, y'all ain't with th when y'all boy y'all not with th but when y'all Al back together, you are back together. That's Al. I'm saying when I'm back with The Boys, I'm back with th boys right now. I ain't, well I'm with The Chiefs. I'm with The Texans 'cause I live out here in Houston. I I I'm with The Texans right now. I'm riding Swes right now.


That's Al. I'm saying I'm riding Sws right now. And you know, It is What It is to my people that's watching this show. Thank you to my people that got th thin ass horses out there in The world. Whoever you are, check this out. Santa is coming. Yeah. For The people. ho got thin ass horses in The world. And don't feed th like you supposed to feed th don't even worry about It. Santa is on The Way. I'm coming in my sleigh with some motherfucking hay. That's What I'm coming with. I'm not bullshit. I'm coming to every got a horse that's thin. I'm bringing y'all a new BA of hay. Thank Saint Nick for It. That's Al.


I don't want y'all to say nothing to me, but thanks Saint Nick. Thank y'all for watching today's show, man. I see y'all tomorrow night, Thursday night. You know, I go live after Al The games. You tune into The Bubba Dub Show. Peace of my blessings. The Volume. This week Charlemagne The, God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't wanna miss The. Things that we want and are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active and if we don't participate, They tackle The Big questions, politics, policy and what's next for The country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for The Border though? Charlemagne, first thing we dropped was a bill to fix The broken immigration system, which by The way, Trump did not fix when he was president.


Don't miss this in-depth. Interview with Charlemagne The, God and Vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The Breakfast Club. Catch The. Full interview now on The Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcasts.