
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound, and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


I'm partnering with PayPal this Black Friday. Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card? Earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah, tech. Don't just pay PayPal terms And limit supply C terms at paypal.com/rewards pal. This card is issued by the bank or bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard Internationally Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption Required.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs Unbelievable Catch and old school rivalry for a new game day firing Downfield Stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pre-game at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday football. For details.


The Volume. Welcome to The Bubba Dub Show everybody. I'm your host Bubba. Do you see I done gimme my motherfucking money back. All the money I done lost. I didn't want it back. Baby Mama thinks she get this for child support. Never Hit the like button Hit Hit the subscribe button. Yeah, hit the hit the subscribe button y'all. I've been waiting to see it's been six weeks since we won. Welcome Bad Washington Magic Johnson.


Where Big Bad Come to town today and we kicked as Oh it wasn't pretty. It started out slow. I was getting ready to say take them off tv, miss Field, go block field go in. All everything went wrong the first half, but my Lord and Savior say hold on, victory is on the way. I said heaven and Father, why has th forsaken me? He said have patience. That's what we did. Cooper Rush.


Well you made me a whole bunch of money in the day. Rush went into a division, went into a division today, Washington Commander Dallas Cowboy them division game. Went up there and took care of business. Dude, you took care of business. I thought Cooper Brock, today I'm not bullshitting you. When he took his helmet out I said damn. I thought they were Brock per but that was Cooper. I couldn't believe it. I ain't lie. I would get ready to talk shit with the Washington commander Jersey. I'm just being real. I y'all seen the video. I had that ready.


Lord say son, you don't have no faith. That's the team today. The Dallas Cowboys had 91 yard rushes. Well 91 close to a hundred to me. 91. Close to a hundred to me. Even though I know the Cowboys ain't going nowhere, I don't give a damn. We back we're back. Yeah. And for we there took care of business today that showed me these boys still got some pride. Yeah. Michael Parson, I see you fa. Yeah I see you today. You running down Jay and dda. You rang them down like a down today when you play with Pride, when you play with energy, when you play like you supposed to be there.


Damnit. Demo Resorts. Mike McCourtney. Olga happy. That's cool. You could be happy for the today but the end of the year I gonna give a damn Dallas wing out Mike fired boys. Y'all gonna lose. I said it early on my Facebook page Cowboy was gonna win. Y'all laughed at me. Oh watching right now. You laughed at me. You ain't laughing no motherfucking Mo is same way. My baby mama boyfriend laughed at me when he knocked me out. Woo. Byebye 99. Yep. And I was waving at you when the cops came.


Picked your ass up too. Come on you fe jail berg. Where you at now? Your son rung nothing up to me holding me on my leg made till my dag getting out. Little nigga he ain't coming home nigga. Your Dagg ain't never coming home nigga. I thumped him on the earth. Yeah my face boy. Your daddy can't do nothing. He locked up. I be talking, he be calling my baby mama. I'll be talking bad to him on the phone because I know he ain't coming home at all.


Yeah, let's talk about this victory today that the Dallas Cowboy pulled out CD Lamb had 10 catches for 67 yards. He didn't even go no damn well that nigga work hard for them damn 10 catches and went nowhere. But I take it, I'll fucking take it. See it started out bad. Y'all started out bad today. Miss Field Gold then. Nah, they got block, block punch then block field. It just started out bad for but it is never how you start. Legacy and gentlemen is how you end this shit. I'm very proud. I'm a proud, I'm a proud citizen of the Dallas Cowboys today. I know some of y'all feel abandoned.


Oh you ain't been rocking with her nigga I'm rocking now they me my money back. I'm feeling damn good. I'm talking shit all week. I'm talking shit all week. Who we got on Thanksgiving kicking they ass too. We figure start doing some upsets around here. Yeah. Kicking ass all week. If you are a Dallas Cowboy fan, I want you to be in the comments right now. Talking shit to who and who? Whoever. I don't care who it is. Your grandma grandpa talk shit to him. My phone ain't gonna do nothing disturb today. Oh yeah. I'm waiting on the call. My phone ain't ringing now what's the problem?


Send me my rest of my goddamn money. Send me rest of my, you owe me nigga pay me and for the ones who want to delay paying me. I'm gonna tell you old lady you're cheating nigga. Yeah I'm gonna tell her you're cheating. Play with me today man. I'm feeling ooh big ain since we won man. We beat the Washington Commander. A team that's going to the playoffs. A team that has so much promise. A team that everybody say Woo, they taking the league by storm. Washington Post Wills drain Washington national drainage.


Big D, big soft yellow bey boy. That's why man. That's why man. Hey somebody call Yellow Bey right now. Somebody call Bey right now. That mean she cannot call Bey on this live right quick man. See where he at man. How y'all feeling today? See if he pick up man. He might be. He might be too happy man. Hey man, I got you on the live right now.


We back, we back. I ain't never no I'm Bowl next year found and spin.


Move was saw something. I maddening. That spin move was nasty Every time bro. Every time he For sure. But lemme hit you back. Let me finish this lie with these people. Be what I tell y'all man. This is what we doing now. We back Dallas Cowboy bigot, the Washington Commander 34 26 today.


I got on my knees early this morning. Pray to the heavenly Father, father God. I don't know what I done done wrong in my life for I apologize even to the rest of the people in the world. I don't know. Forgive us. We need a blessing today. The good Lord open up the heaven doors luster days now with him. Indianapolis Coast lost again. Them big bag as Detroit Lions come here. I'm telling you right now, the Detroit Lions probably going to the Super Bowl. I'm just keeping the 100 big meat. I to tell Big meat's. Got brand new teeth in the block.


Got brand new No one. Oh it's going down in Detroit right now. Don't thank it. Ain't nothing. Ain't nothing. I I I'm telling you it's going down in Detroit boy. Big throw a big mother fucking party and I'm gonna be right there with the police taking pictures. Come on. I have a goddamn glasses with the, with the camera in that motherfucker. I'm watching watching for them. That's what I'm gonna be doing. Detroit took care of. Ben and Jerry go, didn't have no touchdown passes today but they won today. Tampa Bay beat the Giants. That's expected 30 to seven. That's what they supposed to do.


Now what I'm mad about, how Baker Trash Field could to mess up Mike Evans for getting a thousand yards this year, 10 years in a row. Mike Evans heck of a thousand yard receiver yard. He might not get it this year because Baker who offensive coordinator down there in Tampa Bay get Mike Evans the damn ball. Yeah I see the Titans. I seen what y'all doing Young Buck happy as hell down there in Tennessee right now. I seen y'all beat them Badass Swing in Texas. What On Houston, Texas Come, come on trash.


Y'all going nowhere. Oh Dallas ain't going nowhere And so are y'all All that making up all that damn noise for no damn reason. Y'all not going no damn work. At the end of the day you a Texas and I want y'all to act Like it. You not going nowhere for him. Y'all done lost your mojo. Y'all ain't sipping serve no more. Y'all know Ace Time Thrive I Syrup and screw music slash Michael Watts. Y'all Know better than This shit. Get back to what you used to do. Ride and bang and screw and sip and serve Slim Thug La Mario.


Nigga get back together man. Jane out. Y'all out the whole outside. Where you Mike Jones? Where you at fam? Your as been missing 20 god damn bills. Boy, what's wrong with you? You something going on. Something Going on with these. Who at who? My Mike Jones, Texas. Where you at? Call what? Zero. Ro gonna make me call you Ro don't make me call you good Kiki. Where you at? Bam. Your damn jets ain't one for damn now your Texans ain't one for damn boy. It's a cold year for the 7 1 3. It's a cold year. Go and get grab that album by the way.


If y'all ain't already got a little Kiki out, go and grab it. Go and grab it. Chiefs Goddamn Chief said hold on, Hold on. We ain't playing the best but we gonna pull it out. They won 30 to 27 today. Just the Carolina grass hoppers. Bryce Young. I'm glad you got your team back but damn it, you ain't going nowhere. You ain't going. Y'all need chapel. That's what the NFL team need. Like the Carolina Grasshopper grasshoppers. You niggas need chaplain. I need church in y'all lives man. Now running around the city, getting up all these women and having the ball but your ass ain't serving God nigga.


Now you getting served a G come before the A. I done told you G come before the a. I done told Miami, dolphin said hold on to England. Hold on now. Tuna fish tour back and he throwing dimes that damn H vent tour Dolphins is back. He back Ain't Ray Finkle handling business. Oh Ray Finkle Dolphins handling business right now. Tyre Tyreek. Your 13 kids having damnit. That's what I'm talking about. Why got off too?


No, I dunno what's going on up there Aaron that wrote over They goddamn damn gray right now man. New England is better than that. Dre Mayo never. Y'all be hyping these players up. Y'all be hyping these players up man. You, me your guys, you know who you are telling you man, I would've took him in this first round. I took him in number three. No you wouldn't. I always tell people man it's never how you start, it's how you end. Some of us was in jail, prison been shot up, be up left or dead. Now look at you standing on both feet handing your motherfucking business.


That's what now you on your feet handing in your business. That's the beauty of this shit. Cowboys ain't been worth a damn in five, six weeks. I left them, I left them with they head. Soon as they started back shining like a diamond. I'm here baby, take me as I am. Y'all take me as I am. I'm right here. I ain't going nowhere. All that Traeger and all that shit that I don't even hear that type of talk. I run with the winners. Do you hear me? I run with winners. I don't hang with losers gonna wake up, figure out what's going on out here like a figure.


You think that bitch you, you, you, you take her chicken from a nigga and you think she gonna be faithful to you. Never. You nigga still lost brains man. She want, I know she solid nigga you took her from a nigga you gonna brought in trying to make her a housewife. She the same woman that she would that that you were down in The Bahamas. She was popping that cat on them goats for the mothers. You forgot now you wanna walk down the aisle with her. Never walk that whole back to her daddy house. That's the only protector she gonna get because she won't get it from me. Vice versa. You women gonna take the nigga from another chick and want him to be favor Girl, please.


Big mama roll over another motherfucking grave at y'all women, you sorry lazy. You can't cook your head gaint trash your cat big enough for a a damn truck run. You get I not doing that no shit no more. I've been a fool for so long. Y'all do will no longer be a fool. I can't do it. Girl, picture your girl coming in kissing you and she just gave that man head. I'm talking about sloppy head too. Come here and give me kiss. I sure love you. And you done went get that to that guy.


Y'all know how that made me feel. Y'all when I found out that shit, man, I, man, they had to hook me up to a oxygen tank nigga I passed out y'all. That shit hurt me nigga. I went and took all the Christmas present that I stole up, up on that damn tree and gave it away. Your kids don't deserve shit


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, it's Lunchbox from Soar Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for generations. From pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 2025 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience a legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com. The official website for deals To, find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. Turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


High five Casino High five. Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com High five. Casino is a social Casino, no purchase necessary void. Book prohibited, play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five Casino dot com. High five Casino.


Mama calling me trying to talk to me. Go talk to me. Pray for me. Pray for me mama. You wasn't there for me mama. My body wasn't there for me. Now I'm on my feet now. Them niggas wanna come around Mouth. How y'all feeling? Today is Sunday. Cowboy don't want you can't tell me shit. Thanksgiving coming up. I'm ready to eat. I'm going to everybody house. I'm showing up with nothing. Oh I know you got brought something Dub. I'm sure I brought love. That's what I brought nigga. See that's what they hate. I know you brought something. See what you got.


Love nigga. Something your ass need love. You can't scrub away. You can't wife away. That's what I got. Love when I'm coming to the Thanksgiving. I don't wanna hear them. Quick scheme ass stories you got for me too. Bam. Shoot me 10 band. We gonna flip this. You gonna flip your ass in jail and I'm gonna be the one flipping you when I pull up. How you doing fam? Good to see y'all Love y'all. Let's eat. Let's say prayer. Let's leave that all that other shit. You proud of me. Stop it. You a mother liar. You not proud of me. You're not proud of me.


But when I'm in your face it's all up. No it's not. You stay on your side. I stay on my motherfucking side. Let me get my two or three. Two or three to go place and I'm at your way. I don't want quit scream. Y'all got door. I don't want here. You can run that shit on somebody else. Your own wife won't let you borrow money. But you want me to let you borrow. I be damn. I might be dumb but I ain't that damn dumb. And what's going on with these goddamn Lakers? Well they can't beat them though. Every time I turn on tv, lake fucking losing the dim. Each and every God night. Russell Westbrook look like John Paxon out there shooting three when this nigga started shooting threes.


Because when Brody Boo does, he couldn't make shit. Big game. Anthony Davis, your ass ain't so up nigga. All them pretzel. I done set up stuff for you. Al. Climb walk out. You need some more dinosaur milk If you outta Dinosaur milk after David, lemme know Playing against yo because you supposed to come out balding y. Y'all playing with me a little too much man. La you're playing with me a little too much now.


Y'all playing with my intelligence. I know what going on man. Yeah that's like six, seven game. We ain't beat them boys dog like Denver got mine control over us. They be like shut. I be quiet but when they leave we be talking again. Bullshit going on man. What's up man? How y'all feeling today man? I'm, I'm on one right now. Cowboy one Really ain't nothing y'all can really tell me today ish. Man it's up and my world is up like outta him. Chicago Burns. What y'all do today? Caleb Williams. I saw you earlier doing something but you know the Vikings baby earlier the 27th?


Yeah, Sam Dawn, Justin Jefferson doing what they do. I thought Chicago was gonna win that game though. But I forgot. It's the division game and anything can happen and And there you go. 30 to 27 Vikings. But the best team in the NC is Detroit. You got Detroit, you got the Eagles. I'm just keeping the 100 witch you. You got the De Detroit, you got the Eagles, you got the Vikings after that. It is wide open. You know four Islanders even though they got the same record with Seattle and the Ramp a C, you kind of know what it is. Chiefs bills, Ravens, that's about it.


Ain't nobody else gonna beat them. Three teams right there. That's it. They go your, they go your Super Bowl right there. Either Detroit from the NC or the Eagles. One of them two going Gongon gonna go to the Super Bowl then a FC. You got the Chiefs or the Raven or the Be one of them three going to the Super Bowl. Ain't nobody up. I want, I won't Pittsburgh but see Aaron ain't giving Russ that thing no more. Like she used to normally around this time. See Era got something in that bun. Ain't nothing bigger than that damn bun. But Weave.


If you watching this show then you know your show being presented by PrizePicks going download the number one sports fantasy app right now. Use my promo code trash with the two Hs. Yeah. Beg on your favorite players over there more or less. You put $5 in, you get 50 instantly. If you are a first time user man, real talk. If you can't watch this show then all you got to do is go to Apple Podcasts or Spotify. Yeah type in The, Bubba, Dub Show and download the episodes. I need the downloads man. Real talk. That's what we doing right now I guess. Gave y'all who I thought would be in the Super Bowl this year. Who y'all got? I'm in the comment section. Let me know who y'all think gonna be in the Super Bowl this year. Talk to me. I just told y'all I think it's gonna be either the Chiefs or the Ravens or the Bills or it's gonna be Detroit or the Eagles. One of them two teams. I gonna see nobody else in the end C sneaking up and surprising nobody. I just can't see it right now. I'm on a high right now. Cooper ru I thought was Brock Purdy. Well this shit feels good boy. I boy I've been so get lost and lost without my team. Y'all. Y'all don't know what I've been going through. Y'all been going through a storm. I lost so much money this year on the Dallas Cowboys but I won some of that money back today boy. Y'all just don't know. Y'all just don't know shit. I'm finna, I'm finna go to high hop now. Shit. Pancakes stack them Stack Bacon, rack it off date Pittsburgh going. Ah. Chiefs line, Buffalo, Philly. I don't know. I don't know about that one. Really don't know. No He know and he's here.


You Well y'all already know it's part of the show. What we do the do the hell no segment. Somebody could ask me will I, will I ever cook off the Los Angeles Lakers? Hell no. LA my team, I'll never switch up on Lake. No I can't. I bleed purple and gold for life. I won't never leave them. I can't do it when LeBron retired. LeBron just retired. I'm still gonna be a Laker. That's just my team. That's just who I'm rocking with. Would I ever leave the Dallas Cowboys? Hell now I for a little while, you know I get like dating, you know serve, hold you move on, you might come back. That's what I'm doing now. I bing over him, you know what I'm saying? And I look back the grass bring him back over here.


So I'm back on the greener side now. Sometimes that shit, you know what I'm saying? That shit don't be like be artificial sometimes man you be artificial sometimes you gotta know how to bounce in and bounce back. But I'm bouncing back on the Dallas Cowboy today. Y'all can't tell me shit. I'm feeling good. I'm up, I'm feeling go smoke, drink, eat, relax, just dumb ain't lying. Real tone things I'm feeling relax. Y'all let home wonder what I'm doing. I'm getting head some good head make toes curl up my eye. Roll back of my head. You damn right. Ain't nothing like good head boy. I'm not bullshitting when I get good head boy. I'm the best father in the world. Anything my kid had me for, I give it to him.


Ain't bullshiting daddy. I need worry about it. Daddy got when the cowboy lose, I ain't gotta meet me. Just gave your mama some money. What y'all need some money for again? Shit, I think about the Green Bay powder. I just don't feel like Jordan Love them. Got enough up there in Green Bay to be honest with y'all, I like Jordan Love. I just don't personally think y'all got enough for Philly. Other lines. I mean them two teams stay healthy. I don't see nobody else in the NC beating them 40 nines not the same team. I don't know what kind of shit Deebo Samuel is wearing to the games. That's another shit we got to address. E 40 too short.


Richie Rich, what's going on way Deebo dress. I, hey God I've seen that. Everybody thought he was a model. I don't know but the fucking, I ain't the same team no more. That's the only reason why I feel like that. I don't really think New Orleans cool. argenx cool, but same. Same Finn win no damn Super Bowl. Man stop it. Y'all were just getting y'all ass four weeks ago, two or three weeks ago. So don't even go there. Y'all being exposed. We know who you are. Saints. Y'all ain't finna make no noise. The Falcons got too up and down man. Hey Falcons should be running through that division right now. And they not. That's a problem.


Like that's a problem with the Falcons. Like I know Kirk cousin been playing good but at the end of the day y'all not going do nothing. Go. Don't put Michael Pinker Jr. In nothing and and call and call it a, call it a season. That's what the Cowboys doing. I season over Why y'all season can't be over? That's why I don't understand why it's always bad. Cowboys ain't going nowhere. It's over. Okay but your team wasn't going nowhere either nigga. So what's the difference? What's the goddamn difference? My team made the playoffs but you one and done one and done. Don't nobody wanna make the playoffs. Nigga wanna get to the playoffs and win out. That's all I'm saying.


Win out. I hurt yesterday 'cause Buffalo lost. Colorado lost. I was hurt, upset but cowboy like the Bible say it may be weeping all night but in the morning there's joy, joy there argenx joy on my heart. You can see it in my smile. I'm feeling good. Damn. Come and talk to me. I really come and talk to me. Hey now that's joke together. I got that one right. God I got that one right. Goddamn New Orleans.


I'm trying to look at New Orleans man. How y'all feeling about Thanksgiving though man? Are y'all going to family houses or y'all having Thanksgiving that y'all have Who do all the cooking at your Thanksgiving? I'm in the comments. Talk to me. Who do all the cooking at y'all Thanksgiving this year? It is your mom is it? And it's your grandma. It's your cousin. Talk to me who do all the cooking in your house and somebody from H Town on my life. I want come to your house and eat Thanksgiving. If you in age time I'm watching this show, I want to come to your house and eat Thanksgiving dinner with you and your family. All I wanna know is I'm welcome. That's all am. I'm welcome. If you want me to bring something I can bring some weed.


I can bring some drink. Damn. That's what I'm good for. I I'm writing weed in the drink yellow at purple. And I know your brother big on some of that purple but the prize has been up so he been on that green. But telling him Santa Claus is him bringing that purple yo big cup too. You ain't give, you ain't give one cup now. You ain't give one goddamn cup. But I pull up how many days after Thanksgiving? I'm eating on leftovers two days left Thanksgiving leftovers last two days after they throw that motherfucking poison away. Black people, only people I know put chicken the dressing in the freezer. It's, it's gonna preserve it. Know what ain't it ain't nothing poison in that damn thing.


Throw that sugar away. Thanksgiving, Thursday. You ain't here Sunday. Y'all still eating on Thanksgiving. Stop it. Throw them nasty as cakes and pies away. Damn gnats don't even want it. I got some more German chocolate cake now baby. Never. That's why your teeth now like you been chewing on pecan. I don't want that shit. I gotta work tomorrow. You kind fool Poison me. Thanksgiving food last two days after that it got go cooking all that goddamn food. Thanksgiving then mess around, cook all that shit again crippling. No you not.


I'm not gonna spend my money on all this shit. Y'all negro ain't, ain't, ain't ain't pitching in but we're gonna take out 70 to go play. Boy. I'm so glad you came down fa man. Mama ain't cook like that in a while. I know damn well and she ain't gonna do it no more here. You invite one person over your house. They bring 30 more niggas. Man my nigga. We ain't seen you in a long time. What? Want your mama cooking now? Some bullets, some motherfucking bullets in they hat and I'll give 'em to you. Man, your ass over here. You in eight, eight months and all of a sudden you want to eat today now keep starving nigga keep starving.


Y'all know I ain't lying man. Who we got man? Just me, mom, dad, cousin. Cool. Who with you man? I'm just by myself. I'm finna pull up, get me a play. I'm on my way, my boy back be be you. Go outside and look nigga got three niggas with 'em, three hungry motherfuckers at that. They saying everything right. They gonna laugh at every joke. I ain't even joking. I ain't. I mean how you doing nigga? I already laughing nigga you get nigga if you hungry just say that. But I got something for you nigga. Thank y'all. Gonna come to my mama house this year and eat my deep fried Turkey. You're not. I got a motherfucking hand back there for y'all. Yeah, I got the big Turkey, fried Turkey right there but it for me. I got a hand for you niggas first. Stop all that pulling up. Oh my mama high eating all that shit.


No nigga y'all gonna eat this hand when I pulled my drink 1942 out. It's for me. I got Hennessy for y'all. Y'all ain't been drinking this shit and you ain't finna drink it now. Ooh I just want to try it. You when you get your taxes, you won't try it with me. Stick to the goddamn waterfalls that you used to. What kind of we is that fa? I says smell good. Let me try. No you been smoking, you gonna stay on? I'm not sure inside. No.


This shit to myself and it is good too. Yeah nigga I'm on Orp it right now and you know I ain't lying. Y'all, when y'all come around with new shit, people wanna try shit. New car man. Lemme tell nigga you ain't got do all that. Me and my, I had one family, me and my partner got one. These motherfucker, no he don't. Partner ain't got no, he stop it. All that caping about what? Your partner I hate. I hate y'all man.


Me see that All friends man. My partner got this. No, really? That's what we doing. Bullshit going on man. Thank y'all for watching this show today man. Real talk trash sugar today. Going to the Washington. Commanders. Yeah, the trash. You had one job boy and you couldn't do it and you couldn't do it. That's what what I'm talking about. Dallas Cowboy baby. Yeah, I go drop off a couple peas to them Cowboy when they get back in. Yeah, me and your favorite player gonna smoke. One come. I'm pulling up the Dak.


Come. Come smoke with mem, come smoke with me. Hope y'all enjoyed today's show. Like I enjoyed y'all. Peace. Love them out. The. Volume.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


How crispy are the new Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli Mix. Crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up If. you hate loud crunching. you might wanna mute. so crispy Like barely hear myself. Think Crispy These should come with a warning. If, this crispiness is making you hungry. Get to your closest grocery store for Deli Mix Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with realtime notifications, kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart


High five. Casino High five. Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. Casino dot com I five. Casino is a social Casino. No purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and conditions supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com high five Casino.