
For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home huge wins. Keep your rider die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


High five Casino. High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary. Board book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High Five casino.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now


The volume. Good evening y'all. Good evening y'all. Welcome to the Bubble Dub Show. Hell you know the routine before I like to start my show. Go and hit the like button 'cause y'all been real. Y'all been real stingy with the lights. Go and hit the subscribe button too. Come on all my new subscribers. Welcome. Welcome to the Bubble Show. Y'all finally getting to see who I'm I'm a that's right. Before we get to the sports today, let's talk about Kamala Harris and Donald Trump.


Let's talk about it. She ate his mother raisin in in the potato salad up last night. Guess what she did? And Doug ain't even in the politics. I don't even give up my bi politics. But I tell you what, it was very interesting last night all Donald Trump wanted to do was deflect. And Kamala Harris said, not on my mother fucking watch. You wanna sit up here and talk about everybody else Trump, let's talk about these 75 feelings you got because he got them. Trump got 75 mother fucking feelings and ain't going to jail.


And ain't gonna jail either. And guess what? I don't even give a damn about him going to jail. I don't care nothing about that. All I care about is the laughs I can get from these two people. And damnit they gave it to me last night. Now Donald Trump come out on nothing. Talking about the immigrants. The illegal immigrants is coming over here, eating our pets, eating our cats, and do the hell eating cats and damn, I ain't no immigrant. I know I done ate a dog or two. Shit. Yeah, way. I'm barking around, you know I know I done ate some kind of animal but we don't wanna talk about that Trump.


We wanna know what can you do for us black folk. That's the big question right here. White people. I'm gonna get to y'all in a minute because I know y'all watch this show and you know I rock with you too. But right now I'm talking to the brothers. We wanna know what Donald Trump, what are you gonna do for us black folks? We don't wanna hear no more motherfucking lies. We don't wanna hear all that. Mm Thank you for getting Kodak black pill popping ass out that time. Thank you for that. But what are you gonna do for us that's gonna help us right now. We need more than 1200 motherfucking dollars. Some of you Negroes still stuck on that $1,200 Trump gave her. Get let it go. It's over with. We talking about right now. We want change right now.


Do you hear me? Because I want the people to know. I want the people to know today. It's either gonna be Kamala, it's gonna be Trump, one of them two gonna be one of them. Two gonna be the president of the United States. And you have to make a decision. Not me, not your mama, not your daddy, not your girl, not your kid, not your boss. You going to have to make, you gonna have to make that choice of who you want in office. All I care about is whoever get in motherfucking office, take care of us Americans. And because I saying ain't I'm black, take care of us for one. Take care of us off the bat. Like stop paying us land.


Go and pay us black folk fur. Yeah. So how we can start paying our bills on time? Go on and pay us up front now. Kamala Harris Now yesterday, I ain't gonna lie, you ate Trump up in that debate. It sounded good. But is your word your bond? Because both of 'em don't get up there and say what they supposed to say for us to go out there and elect them. But is your word is your bond. Kamala Harris is what I wanna know because all I'm hearing from some of my black people, she ain't black shit. She got so from what I seen last night, she got something. I ain't talking about no meat either. She got some soul somewhere.


I dunno what she getting it who, who helping her or what. But the girl got some soul in. Well thing shook Trump hand too. How you doing? Let me introduce myself. I'm Kama Harry Fa. Then she shook her hand off as she shook his hand. She know Trump hands nasty shit. Trump piss and don't even, don't even shake when you get through pissing nor wash his hand. I don't want no president don't wash their hands after they use the restroom. Knock it all. So some of y'all sit down on that door. Come on man you fri man. I'm telling y'all the god only truth for today. Like Kamala Harris said Trump, you got fired in front of 81 million mother fucking people and you still saying you got cheated.


Stop it. No thing y'all might not know. Taylor Swift done got behind old Kamala Harris. What they tell you? If the mother fucking Swifties is behind Kamala Harris, I don't know what to tell you now. I know my bro. I know y'all man. Ride with Trump, ride with him. Some of y'all gonna ride with Kamala. Ride with her too. Ride with whoever you won't ride. Just stop getting in my DM and asking me who in the I'm voting for neither voting for me and I So you gotta make the best decision for you and your family. Yeah.


Stop worrying about everybody else. Family worry about your own family. True story. Some of y'all now mad at me behind this Tyree situation. Oh man. 20,000 too much man let me tell you Negro something. If you gonna lay down with them ducks, you wouldn't have that motherfucking problem. I'm not gonna see, feel sorry for no motherfucking Tyree nigga playing fast and furious movie. He probably got plenty money niggas who mad is the ones who ain't paying they child support. Yeah, you a coward. You ain't paying child support. Yes you a coward now is it right how them women do it.


It ain't, they be getting over and them judges be helping them get over. I agree. He knew that before he laid down with that mother. He knew that before he married. He knew how she was. If you don't date him, you won't have them motherfucking problems. Come down to the projects somewhere. Get you a real sister, find you, find you a good sister. Pretty too cna. Hell it's, there's a lot of fine CNAs around this motherfucker. Tyree could have found. Now he want, he want them exotic motherfucker now you got them exotic problems.


Love Tyree. That's my brother. But them the choices he made, what that man eat don't make me shit but him going on this thing crying. Nah this and that man y'all falling for that. He ain't doing but trying to sell that movie. You got all the attention on him. Oh he going through child support. He going through all that. Oh he got a new movie coming out. Y'all too blind to see it. Y'all too blind. Y'all can't see the forest for the trees. Sometimes you got to better see you gotta better see above the the Bs out here in the world that's going on. There's a lot of Bs going on out here. Y'all don't wanna talk about it but we gonna talk about it.


We talked about the Jay-Z and Lil Wayne. Oh he helped Lil Wayne 14 million TA And. we good for you. But what that gotta do with this man performing? Nah he ain't the host of senior officials pick cool even. Okay let's just say for for example today if Lil Wayne don't even get to come out at all Super Bowl, who would y'all want to see though? That's the thing I'm asking y'all today. Who would y'all wanna see perform at the Super Bowl with Kendrick Lamar If Lil Wayne or nobody from New Orleans don't get to go up, who would y'all wanna see with Ke? I on stage because I don't have a problem with ke. I I don't.


I'm just calling it like I was seeing him. I ain't got no problem with JC but I know he full of shit. Too many people say it. That's all too many mother and people keep coming on here saying Jay-Z full of shit come of y'all watch him full of shit. I'm full of shit. Some people full of shit but y'all act like JayZ can't be full of shit. Stop it. It's the same man that did DMX like that. Hmm? DMX. I never came out up when he was over there when JC was running Def Jam. These are facts Pete Diddy, I see you running back around trying to make your trying to reappear.


Stay your ass hit now these white people giving us money again and patting us on the back now here you come bringing your dark vega ass out. Stay in the motherfucking hole. Feel mess up for us now. We already done told 'em chill out on you because they really ain't got nothing on you besides that tape they put out with you. You know what I'm saying? Putting that girl in that UFC move. That was bad did it. We know that but as a man, as a human being I forgive you but you coming back little too prematurely right now for me. I need you to stay where you at? Stay where you at right now Fast because New York see everybody in New York man Daniel Bones right now.


You come back out they gonna be putting everything back on you. I see you trying to sell your crib in LA You better sell that mother. You seen what did today on Wal Weinstein. What you think they'll do to you? You be writing that motherfucker sale with him. Einstein ain't coming home. This is a different world we live in. Y'all. Y'all better start paying attention to what's going on and everybody that grin ain't your friend. Yeah you gonna have people come around Woo boy. Woo I love you boy. You're doing your thing. Woo. Whole time plotting. You gotta watch these plotters you niggas going out here getting these women getting bring them back to your crib for what are you trying to show off you trying to let 'em know you got money you trying that's gonna cost you so when you take one of them damn trips outta town, somebody done kick your door down, come here, pick everything you got.


Now you get back to the house with her. She helping you look for the shit. Then she know what's at. We not gonna do that. We not gonna never do that. You gonna learn something on this show but damnit I'm gonna teach you because the best because they always say, people say man, you know what I'm saying? People always talking about experience help a lot of people. It don't have to be, I don't have to experience some shit to know what not to do or not. I'm telling you right now, stop going out here laying over with these holes, bringing them back to your house with them holes at the room. Your pot in the house. Somebody else but not your house. It's not safe. Especially if you in the lime like getting money or wherever you is. Man don't do it.


Don't trust them. Them hos be lying and plotting and your As to be on child support. Like Tyrese paying paying 20, 40 a month when he gonna need to be paying it but he paying it because he made that decision to go lay down with that mud. Should have never gave that her Pavo shot. He wouldn't have them problems right now today. That's the problem with you Nichols stop giving them whole them Pavo shots the whole make she gets survived just off the good Lord. Telling you the truth. Every day if you see me with my Colorado shit on you see me with my doctor sit on today, I'm the doctor.


I'm gonna diagnose some of you Negroes today. Some of you ain't right and you know it. Running around here hating on your own partner. Somebody you gonna grow up with your whole life. You hating on him 'cause he doing good, doing better than you. You hating on him. Oh he changing. Oh motherfucker you changing you the one changing around him or I peter to Frank, Frankie Beverly man or I Peter to Frankie be we losing so many people every day man we losing somebody man. And you negroes wanna walk around here mad at the world. Shut up nigga smile. Take your kids to get a mother an ice cream cone or something.


Do something positive sometime go to church. Hell I just went, I went for different reasons I went to church 'cause I'm thinking I go to church, cowboy gonna win. They won. Guess what, I'm going again. I'm gonna repeat offender now. Good Lord just hold me. You come and need those, you come out. You gonna be happy. Here I am Lord. Follow the Lord. Here I am. Forgive me. Go on and take my communion. Gimme the juice. Put the 200 in the plate like I did. Take victory. See I give all my wings and my victories to the good Lord. I jump on her. I play. I joke that's my job. But I'm always gonna give a victory to that man up above without him I wouldn't be where I'm at today.


Yeah it shining bright on me now. But I remember when there wasn't no light on me, nothing but dirt. Dust covered up. God came, God sent the rain through, sent the rain through all they was. I was covered. Now I was uncovered. Now I can. I can see now. I can see now. Some of you right now watching this show lost. Don't know which way to go. I'm probably gonna know how what you going to eat today or not or what tomorrow Bring I tell you what you put your faith in that man up above right there.


You want you, you, you won't have to worry about that. He said leave all your worries and give all your births to me. Y'all better me. Oh we gonna have church on this show. We gonna have a church. We going, we going to have fun on this bubble dub show today. Where you got the Miami Dolphins playing Buffalo tomorrow? Who you got? You got Tour? Josh Allen, Tyre Hill, Uhuh Walk over there Damnit. Who you got Division game at that division game at that Miami playing the Buffalo Bills. This gonna be a game here. Y'all ain't, I'm going live after that game too. Sure I can get my immediate reactions after that game tomorrow night.


I will be going live right here. But you are telling y'all VA two think he leading the league in passing yards right now Ain't but one game. I think he had 338 yards against that victory against the Jacksonville, Jaguar this past Sunday. How do y'all feel about Tour? Just got paid top 10 to y'all. Top 15. And I know a lot of people say man you gonna look good too if you had Tyreek Hill. I don't think so. I think if you had, if if Tyreek Hill was, was, was was with to do your Johns she he wouldn't beat Tyre. I just think Daniel Bones that bad. I just do. He can run but he just that bad now y'all, y'all always talk about how y'all quarterback Black quarterback instead Can't read the defense.


Jones can't read nothing. 30 mother 30 for 30 on Daniel Jones can't read y'all ain't about that. I'm sick of the foolishness. I'm sick of the foolishness. I'm ready to clean this shit up. I'm ready to clean this shit up Ryan now and I'm gonna do it. There's too many people getting on these platform sugarcoating shit. Don't wanna say this, don't wanna say that. Don't wanna offend that person. The hell with that. If they don't like the truth so be it. They don't like the motherfucking truth so be it.


Just like I told them Doc just like I told them damn teachers this morning my third motherfucking time telling y'all don't you send no more mother work home. It needs to be at this school. Don't let me say it no motherfucking more either. You gotta start telling people man, otherwise they gonna try to kick over on you. True story. That's my my paperwork. Call me. Hey fam can you take me, can you take, can you take me to work? Shit you got gas money? Shit, I ain't gonna have nothing. Shit.


Nope. Hell no, no, no. I'm not gonna do that. I'm feeling get up outta my bed, jump in my car because I run Supreme. Hell 93 crank up. Put the AC on when I pick your big ass up. You you, you don't want be hot. You won't fix some Cool, well I want some motherfucking money. Oh fam you tripping man. You, you getting beside yourself man. You can't even come pick me up and ain't get one of them ho to pick you up that you giving your money to what? Make you what I'm saying. You call them ho to come get you. No they ain't coming because you ain't got no money.


I'm I'm look y'all I'm stopping the whole lot shit. I'm not going to the Thanksgiving dinner this year. I'm not doing that either. Every time I go leave motherfucking Thanksgiving dinner, y'all wanna pull me to the side and borrow her money. Lemme hold 300 Fa. Yeah God Show blessing you boy. I'm so proud of you everybody here but you ain't been to now motherfucking show. You ain't been to now comedy show but you want me to give you two or 300. I'm not coming to the Thanksgiving. I'm not doing it. I'm not fucking doing it no more. When I come around and I'm following up that this ain't TRASHH here y'all come fam let me go on. Let me match it motherfucker. You ain't got my car. We need to match this. You got Reggie you ain't got this.


You ain't Finn try this, lemme buy something. I don't sell drugs sir. I don't sell drugs sir. I smoke weed recreation. I got a, I got a prescription for it. That's all I'm saying to y'all. Certain things you can't be doing no more. 20 24, 23 you prayed to good lord that you wasn't gonna do certain things and you still doing the same motherfucking things you were doing at 24. Some of you hold the window down here and got BBL getting your stomach right now you are right back eating seafood bars every motherfucking day. You ain't drinking water, you peace stink like a motherfucker.


Now you don't want to everybody in your family to borrow a five or $10,000. Get that BBL get your stomach down now you're right back eating bad again. You motherfuckers not grateful. You motherfuckers not grateful. I'm, you know, tell me I'm lying, tell me I'm lying. Shit ain't the same no more man. The music ain't the same no more. You used to put a ciggy on 10 years ago, put a C on and and no skills. Now you got from one to eight. Man them only two songs jamming one to eight.


Don't nobody go on buy that shit. I see why the are the sales down now These niggas not jamming O and B. What happened to RB? Who in RB right now doing something beside Chris Brown. I remember when you could put R Kelly on Let it go. You remind me of my Jeep. I want something like mcc. I want you put key swag on I Deep what we got now I'm waiting what we got now.


Nothing but motherfucking memories. Memories is what we got


For 25 years. BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal Housing opportunity.


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Welcome to Burger Yippy. Would you like a hot apple pie today? Yes, Yes. Yeah I won. Woohoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I just went big time playing High five casino on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily rewards over 1200 games. Woo. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your high five moment today only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary. What we're prohibited play responsibly Condition supply. See website for details.


High five Casino,


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy.


This is LaVar Arrington from up on game Here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more check out bs.com We got to do better Legger in general. We got to do better as America. Oh yeah we America, we allow a Biden citizen now I'm gonna tell you like I told old dude on the internet earlier, told me when he see me he gonna put hands on me. You might, but you gonna jail You can you.


You put your power on me. You going to jail. I don't mind standing there waiting until the motherfucking police officer get there. I don't mind. I'll wait. I'll wait. Y'all have a situation like week. Woo. Y'all should have seen my situation man. I did my motherfucking thing too. Dude rang up on me in Walmart. Yeah. Rang up on me in Walmart trying to like fuck, let's get it in. Okay be let's get it in. Woo. Lemme tell y'all something. When them motherfucking police pulled up, you should have seen him. You should have seen him trying to run. Come on, I see you in that black Tahoe right there off right there.


That's him. That's the perpetrator going and get him. They went and got him, brought him over here. Is this the man trying to fight you? Yes sir. Searching. He was clutching like he had a pistol on him. You don't wanna play a game with me. I get you. You don't wanna play a game with me. I'm dirty. I'm dirty like that. I don't bother nobody. I ain't out here trying to fight nobody but y'all wanna come up and try to fight me. You going to jail threatening me. Going to jail and no don't think oh man. Oh man. He ain't gonna press charges. Shit. I'm pressing charges ain't I'm right in the state. Y'all better pick these motherfucking charges up. Y'all better pick these charges up. You gotta to stand on business in 2024.


God not going to keep helping you and y'all don't wanna stand on business. You crying and God help me. God help me. And when God help you, you niggas don't stand on business. God help me get some money Lord. Lord just help me get some money. You help me get some money. Pay your bill. He helped your money get paid your bill. You ain't paying him. You're buying dope. Let me get a sale. Oh you need to put that on the light bill. Oh but you want keep crying to God. God help man. Oh needs me a college people. You know. Damn. Help me out man. I'm doing the best I can.


Not all motherfucker. No, no. God hurt your cry. He know you full of shit now. If God's not helping you, what's make you think I should help your ass? I ain't got no help. I ain't got no hell to put you in. I can't make shit appear or disappear. I ain't got them kind of powers like my follow up above got. He got them my follow up above got them. And he a jealous guy and he sees some of y'all I heard praise the other guys cool with Floyd, love him cool 50 love. Do I treat them like they God never but one mother fucking God up there somewhere watching over us all.


Some of you might not believe in God that's you. They ain't got nothing to do with me. I'm not going to judge you. Don't judge me. Some of y'all vote for Trump. Some of y'all vote Kamala Harris. Don't judge one another. Judge. Vote for whoever you wanna vote for. But I can tell you right now, I'm not voting. I'm not voting. Somebody gonna pay me to vote Trump, Kamala, or whoever you is. You won't get my vote. Pay me, pay me. Look at y'all Doug, you trip. I'm just, you know I gotta put the funny in there man. Y'all be too serious man. Y'all be too serious man. Sometimes y'all gotta let us comedian let us cook. Let us create Stop man.


Stop y'all. Y'all just be too serious on certain things man. Gotta be little too sensitive man. You gotta lighten up. Lighten up just a little bit. Just a little bit. Now we fucking gone and get gone. Get down to the grit of the show today and that is this Sunday. My Dallas cowboy playing against the New Orleans singers. It's gonna be the game motherfucking week too. And I'm not here to dismiss nothing. The Saints doing. All my Saints fans come on in. Who at? Come here, come here. I ain't got nothing against y'all. I really don't. I love New Orleans. Love the fool. Love the people.


Lemme tell y'all something. This is new year new and Derek car is not a star. And I'm gonna show you this Sunday. Oh man. Car look great. Hey any car can look great. The first day I done bought plenty of car from these Mexicans. First day run like a champ. Next day need to be in the motherfucking junk yard. I'm telling you the truth. Everything look good ain't good. And that's the Saints. Y'all can't beat us for him. Your defense Jordan, I like him Cameron. I love him And Kamar love him. You ain't got nothing else over there. You ain't got nothing for them mother cowboys over. We a machine.


We that damn Russian and Rocky I'm telling And y'all a Paolo. Goodbye. Goodbye. Let's break it down man. Start with the quarterback. Who the best quarterback I could Derrick call and and in in Dakota it ain't even no motherfucking question. Derrick car ain't nowhere near that level now you tripping. He had Devonte motherfucking Adam down there in the radio. They got rid of him. Do you hear me? Your college, your college teammate left Green Bay come play with you and still you'll get rid of you recording no motherfucking good quarterback and y'all know it so just slim rolling over in this motherfucking grade right now.


Knowing Gary Carter on the quarterback. My quarterback, we talking about my quarterback up there in Dallas. They got a deal with the Jordan brand. The highest paid quarterback in NL history. My quarterback will be the MVP this year will be the league MVP. This year that Prescott will be. You can't tell me no difference. The best. He damn sure ain't the last evil. Y'all gonna put some respect on the Cobra Prescott name this year. You gonna put some mothering respect on his name. Oh in the big games he gonna show up.


That were last year we talking about now we talking about now. Two years ago I learned condom on one no more. You see the change. You see I had to build up to build up to take that motherfucker off. I don't need, I don't need what I'm telling y'all here today. Running back to y'all goggles album Kamara. She ain't that no more. Look all right the other day. Look I'm being real. That's one thing I'm gonna be on this show. I'm gonna be real Adam Kamar got Zig beat. I'm, I ain't got nothing to say on that one.


Let's get down to the motherfucking offensive line. Your offensive line. Not like my offensive line. We got some real motherfucking Texas cattle beef up there in Dallas on that front line. Yeah, all angles wools. Come here. Dad can sit back there in their pocket and throw it. Now let's get to the receivers. Who on New Orleans right now Better than CD Lamb to go now Mother Soul, soul over there be do you hear me? See you top two, top three right now. And they paying them like it too.


See get because y'all went got beat the Carolina Grasshoppers. You Saints fans in y'all mind. Oh you see what we man Alabama right now beat the Carolina Panthers. I mean the Carolina Grasshoppers there ain't no damn good team and y'all know it. And they need to put Bryce young ass in special teams. What I'm saying to y'all is this Sunday it's gonna be a good ass game. I'm not here to deny that. I'm not fixing sugar Parent lie about it. I already done told y'all Dallas going win. That's my word. That would never change.


That would never change. Dallas will win this game this Sunday. This don't separate the boys from the men. Oh man we we on y'all, y'all have been beaten. I think y'all got like a nine to four record against us Cowboys man. But once again that was then this is now Cowboy. We got less where we got more. See when we had more, more talent, more everything we lost now we ain't got all that talent like we used to have. We got talent but not start studied like it used to be. That's when we gonna play our best. It showed you this Sunday. Oh man Cleveland. I don't want hear that shit.


I don't want hear that shit that it was Cleveland. They NFL team ain't they? That's all I wanna know is they'll not an NFL team. We went down the Cleveland and handled business. Now I see Dak Dak Dak rigged the team. No he didn't. He didn't really sri him but when we needed him to make a play, he made a play. We played down to our competition. Everybody know we played down to our competition. Wasn't even, no, wasn't even know really No contest. Had de Sean massage part of Watson been a little bit better and and doing things then y'all would've probably got 50 hung on y'all just to be honest.


Third and four o'clock. We ain't even trying to do nothing man. That's all I'm saying. Game was over that. Could that shoulda put somebody else on then to watch that scrap up there in Cleveland because that's what's up though. Scrap. We still praying for you watching. Like I say man man got so much going on in his life man. You nigga. I don't know. I don't know what to say but it ain't looking good in Cleveland right now either. It it, it ain't looking good. Big boxing match coming up. Canelo, Avarez and Orlando fighting did my on Man.


Canelo finna knock This dude got dude Young talk a good game and and it is in the pretty and and he was a damn good boxer but he not ready for Canelo. Man come on man. Canelo stop all this cherry picking and go ahead and fight Crawford man. God don't even get in nothing. Fight Crawford. He been calling you out. Give him what he want and shit. If a motherfucker call me out and I'm a boxer, I'm the champion. You know what? And if the money right, I'm gonna give you what you want. Y'all ain't doing that no more. Y'all too busy chilling lashing. I'm in ca. I'm I'm okay. You gonna wake up in too when you get in that motherfucking ring. I, I fight.


You say you better me. Let's see best mother see and if I'm a box and I ain't got the skills calling Come come here Roy Jones, come here Dana Hoer leave the fish nets come come train me. I wanna get better. Y'all get a few dollars. I'm good. I'm gonna stick with what I got man. Shit, I'm shit now that ain't working now I got to come over here and do these TRASHH video because you done got knocked out nigga got the salmon knocked out of you damn bridge to burn Washington.


Cook ate that cook ate that salmon telling you the truth. Get a little money now you you you start eating different. You was eating chicken fried steaks. You know what I'm saying? Now you gonna eat nine restaurant now you all in lamb asparagus. Niggas don't know nothing about no damn asparagus. Broccoli niggas don't eat broccoli without the cheese. You eating broccoli now doing thing you now you eating now you drinking champagne nigga you ain't never drunk champagne and when you start getting little money you start doing little things little differently.


Stick to them waffles like you used to. I know I'm talking about it 'cause I've been there. I was a McDonald taco be baby now I'm getting a little few dollars. I might wanna eat a little something different sometime but that food don't be hidden on nothing. Y'all that damn food. TRASHH letting you know right now TRASHH, I'm finna start going to Y restaurant eating y'all food. I'm finna start doing my own damn review. Damn Keith Lee. That's the homie. Damn Keith Lee.


He too nice and I know y'all say he mean he too nice to y'all. I'm not gonna be nice. Don't take a bite. Let us know I'll you TRASHH till you right there in your motherfucking face too. You ain't gotta like it but you don't respect it. Start telling people how you feel. You ain't gotta do it in no way like I do it. You can start telling people how you feel and they'll stop messing with you. They'll stop treating you the way they treating you. They'll start thinking about twice by bothering you five people they calling you now they know you a bullshit ass mechanic but they still bring their car to you and then you do that bullshit ass work now they mad now it's your fault.


No that nigga know nothing about no motherfucking car. We ain't want to get mad at the mechanic man he messed up my car. You messed it up. Damn well this man can't see got two glass eyes but you got them up in here trying to change. Change the oil. Stop it. We got to stop being so motherfucking backwards black people. We bound, we backwards. Stop doing shit the wrong way. Start doing it the right way some damn times. That's me. I'm talking to myself too. I do shit the wrong way sometimes too. Do shit that I shouldn't be doing, doing going out get in the car, buying the rim before I get a mogul.


I done done that car look good to a motherfucker. Everybody wondering man why dub don't never drive that car man I got too many cars. I ain't got time fucking with that car. But the truth is ain't no more no transmission than that motherfucker. Now I'm telling y'all my secrets. Yeah I'm back. I done done that before. I done paid for some water. Guess what? She stood me off. I learned my list but don't think I ain't been hitting that motherfucking refund button on cash app. Don't think I ain't, she got me power. Let's cool, let's cool.


I'm praying God sing a covid over her way. I don't normally pray for things like that but I'm praying God sing a covid over her motherfucking way. Bitch you done got dying on me for $130. You gonna pay for that. You gonna pay for that motherfucking one $30. You got up out of me. Pull up I got, I'm throwing her motherfucking phone up your house. Not that's when I started hitting the refund button on Cash app. I need that back and I'm writing cash app support team. I sent that to a stranger. Me all them fun back home and set me up.


Won't set me up no motherfucking more. I bet you that I got your face plastered on everybody DM watch out for this some fam she got down on your boy. I definitely watch out for us scammed August. You won't make no money nowhere else. I bet you that you be back on list crawlers. Speaking of list crawlers. You don't know nothing about it. You better find out about it right now. Will come to your doorstep like a animal Amazon driver. I'm not playing find too. Some of 'em just talk a little too damn up. Bitch. I want the one that don't talk. Come over here talking and looking around what I got going on and this motherfucker look straight ahead open wide.


Come here. Ooh you rough. I ain't gonna in that ti ball. I ain't, I'm trying to tell you until you motherfucking ho Who couldn't wait to Rich homie Corn got in the grave you hos already coming out. Damn. Where's the respect Hoes ain't got no als posted in every motherfucking encount y'all had with the homie. Stop it. Y'all not telling us something we already didn't know about the homie that supposed to make you feel good or something because you slept what the what, what that supposed to do man.


Go. Oh Bow was mine


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Welcome to Burger Yippy. Would you like a hot apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah I won. Woo-hoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I Just want big time playing High five to see on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily reward over 1200 games. Woo. So yes or no on the apple pie? Woo. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your high five moment today? only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary. What prohibit to play responsibly? Condition supplies. See website details. High five Casino,


Are you ready to have your bacon love in mind? Blown well. Here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream for more. Check out bs.com.


How y'all feeling this evening though man? How man, how y'all truly feeling man? Some. You know what I'm saying man. Like I'm, I don't know man. There's so much going on. Like I said, my DM fool right now behind that Trump and Harris shit man. Full man. Like I say, I'm just calling like it is. I know if some of y'all ain't gonna write, I don't give a damn. She kicked his ass last night. He couldn't answer no motherfucking questions. I know some of y'all gonna say she didn't answer 'em. Yes she did. She answer them might not been the answer you wanted but she answered. Now let's bring everything back. I've been talking about they bring it all the way back. What the hell going y'all got Wendy's K Shit y'all got every kind of restaurant chain.


Why y'all you mean me white people. It happen. White people, people do something. Oh my God. Ain't nobody in prison. This gotta be fake news. Trump. That's one thing about white people. They not gonna let you mess with they motherfucking animals. I don't care who you are. You could be whoever you are out here in the world, you can go out here in the middle of your yard and see a cat and kick it And if a white person see you kick that cat, you going to jail. So for white people in Ohio to know that illegal immigrant is stealing cash and and cook, it's a problem.


It's a problem. I know I a cat dog before. I know. I know I have. I know. I ain't gonna say what race that be cooking no motherfucker because y'all gonna sit up there and say Chinese race, they ain't doing the motherfucking race out here. Cooking catching dog. That's all I'm saying. Chinese people are not the only ones out here cooking catching dog. Try out to mr one. You know I love you. I never tell your ingredients or none of that but I know, I know you don't feel me one of no motherfucking rock wallers. I know, I know you don't fed me a rock waller. I know I can feel you but I'm still young.


I'm still young. I ain't tripping. I ain't even tripping like that man. Y'all shouldn't even be tripping half of the time man. Y'all be tripping on small stuff with people man. Y'all see something to somebody. I don't like it y'all man. I don't even give people time to man. You don't even give people, you don't even give people time to even like them so you I don't like it. Get all that now. Come on now man. Give people a chance man. Just like yourself. Lemme tell y'all something. One thing I hate hearing from people. Y'all have a tendency of doing that man. Y'all be doing anything for fear man. Y'all be emasculating your own people and black man. No I don't emasculating no motherfucker about it. I ain't raping you in front of your wife and kids and and doing this to your girl and all.


I'm doing all that. I'm just telling you the facts about your ass and I'm just making it funny. That's all I'm doing. Who de who? Who deescalating you is your own motherfucking boss telling you when you can and when you can't eat, when you can take off. When you can't take out that's who demasculate you your own motherfucking boss. Not me. See that was wrong with some of you nigga. Y'all get on here talk shit to everybody in the world. But when your boss talk to you, you gonna say a motherfucking word. Your boss tell you shut up and go work. You go work soon as your girl tell you shut you ready to fight. Tell me I'm lying preaching again today in this motherfucker. You know talk to your boss at your job like that.


Yeah you get on the internet and talk all kind of shit. Right. All smart quotes like you Malcolm X, motherfucker like you Dr. Omar. But when your boss tell you you something, you do it the minute your brother or your sister tell you something, you ready to kill them. Why is that? If they ain't deescalating, I don't know what the fuck is. I dunno. I dunno. And I'm saying this to the new subscribers who watching me. This shit is content. This shit is comedy man. Don't take what I'm saying serious. Don't don't. But when I'm serious I'm serious. And when I'm not, I'm not. You should know that by now.


You gonna have fun on this month show it's The Bubba, Dub Show Sports show ain't comedy. That's all. So you coming on here and you seeing me talking to my ka Kamala Harry and Donald Trump. You better laugh at this shit and go laugh at it and go I don't want hear that man. You voting for Trump. I mean you voting for that man shut your ass up. Shut your ass up. And. if you just not watching this show today ain't man you at work man. I can't even watch my dude do man. You can listen to me on Apple Podcast. Yep. Or Spotify. Type in The Bubba Dub Show. I will pop up. I will pop up. I done told y'all to get the comments. I told y'all I'm gonnaa fly one of y'all out to a game now I'm doing this for y'all.


I need y'all sharing and I ain't just talking to everybody but I need y'all to cut your notifications on 358,000 subscribers. Thank God that I got 'em. But only two or 3% of y'all are on this show. That's a problem. We tired of the ES, ESPN and the Foxes. This is it. I'm trying to turn this into that. Them Negroes up there ain't keeping it 100 on them. Shows y'all know it. I'm, I ain't sugarcoating no motherfucking thing.


I'm finna put some mans on your sandwich today. So all my new subscribers welcome. Thank y'all for finally coming over here and seeing what all the fuss about. Now you see I know some of you laughing right now Doug, you man, you be making my day. I'm glad I do 'cause y'all make my day too but I'm, when I'm going live after the game or when y'all seeing this video today and y'all don't in the chat chopping it up, loving that, that make that make my day too that that, that make me feel greater than anything that I know I'm doing something that's helping somebody get through their day or night. Real talk. And I gotta reiterate this again after the Dallas Cowboy flag of Saints this Sunday I'm going live Monday night.


I'm going live Thursday night I'm going live okay this Saturday night I'm going live after the Colorado game. I'm becoming the Colorado game in the Canelo Avarez fight. So after Canelo Canelo Avarez fight Saturday night I'm going live. So y'all can put that on y'all calendars right now. Put that on y'all calendar when I'm going live man. We gonna have some mother freaking storm know about y'all. I'm having fun. We it's Wednesday evening supposed to be a storm hurricane coming. It ain't really hit been raining down here in the ha. Thank God it ain't flooding and winds blowing. Thank you. I pray to God that hurricane shift because we just went through that down here in Houston.


Two or three days. No life S point TRASHH. Everybody know S point TRASHH. We not trying to go through no more motherfucking storm New Orleans. I'm praying for y'all down there too. And if they told you to evacuate, God damnit, you should done evacuated. Stop waiting. I don't know if it's gonna come or not. You don't, God say you don't know when death coming. Get your ass out up ass out up. Hell long sudden coming up. We finna get straight to it. Show he knows what he saw. He's here you hell, Hell no set me.


Somebody hit me and say Bubba, do you think Coach Prime going quit on the Rago buffalo? Hell no. Coach Prime not quitting. Hell Coach Prime not aqui. He just might move on. Let's say if the dollar Cowboy called coach to come Coach, what you going to do Coach? Stay in Colorado. Colorado or go to Dallas. See you coach. Probably go to Dallas. I know I would. I know I would. I gotta start thinking about what y'all asking me sometime man. Sometimes y'all already know the answers before you even ask the question. You should already know the answer to that.


Now some of y'all gonna say man shoot man you only reason they leaving because these kids gonna leave Man sugar up all that nonsense with all that freaking hate. Oh man he got Getan doing this and that. Oh man. Oh man man y'all gonna say nothing when he white owners league. They y'all damn team to they their kids and their kids run the team. So if I'm a head coach and my son's the quarterback and he's a damn good quarterback and my son is the safety and he's the best safety on the team, guess what? They going motherfucking start. I'm doing nothing Little league football man. The kids that's playing for me, I'm fucking they mama.


Do you hear me? I'm a little league football coach and the young men that's playing for me, I'm fucking they mama in the ones who ain't playing. Ain't fucking mama. We don't do no motherfucking substitutions unless they get hurt. Then when I have to put you in there and then after that I met your mama. Are he in the game? Come here. Come on Colorado playing Colorado State this weekend. That's a victory. We finna be to one. All this they can't protect. We know what Colorado can and can't motherfucking do.


But what they will do is be Colorado State. I'm standing on it. They'll be Colorado State. You can best believe that you can beg all the T in China. You can beg all the skull on SAP deal. You can beg all the white women. T Colorado will beat Colorado. I'm saying it right now. I'm looking for a marvelous performance from, I'm talking about a 525 yard game. And I know y'all thinking now what they offensive line, they gonna get it done this week. Run gang gonna work this week. We gonna have about 85 rushing yard count around.


It's gonna work this week. Travis Horn by eight catches. Yep. Horn by six catches. It's going down, standing on that sideline in Nebraska, watching them go up and down that field in score brought tears to my mother. Nine. I was looking like Tyree that day. I'm not. I was looking like a battled mother on that sideline with coach Prime. Guess what I hung in now baby, because I know brighter days are ahead, bigger days or ahead. See sometimes you got to stay in the trenches baby. Even when everybody is go home, man I'm tired, I'm tired of work, I'm just gonna go home, call it a night. I'm still out there working.


Working on my left, working on my right, working on my crossover behind, working on my jumper, working on my free throw. See you gotta work when ain't nobody in your step. It's easy to work when your boss start watching. But can you work when your boss ain't there? That's the kind of people I want. Ride me work when I ain't young. You want the kind of woman then when you come into the house had a long day she you ain't got to ass for kids. She just, and I slap on the slap on the like a pit bull come out watch him when she giving me hug, I'm shaking on popping shake how I'm getting here.


Watch him. Don't let him go watch. That's what you gotta do. Spicy up sometimes man. Come into the house man. Man get get your ass up against the motherfucking wall. She gonna look at you. Oh okay. But when you do that, make sure you gonna took that boot tool. Do you hit me? Make sure you already done took that boot. Two, when you tele get up against that wire, assume the position. See some of y'all blessed and I'm not so I ain't got to do all that cocking back. It's already ready because there ain't but one inch. But the veins in it like tree branches. Do you help me when that one inch get hard and I go down through that home, I'm going hundred miles an hour.


See I got to give her sex tour like that rough because I ain't got no meat. See she gonna, but she done. Forgot all about how small I am. 'cause I'm roughing her hair up. I'm bouncing everywhere. All of it is with her consent. You know what I'm saying? All love is with her consent. She with whole brother. When we get through all, I'm tired. Oh I'm sore. Not from the meat, from the roughness. I was scared for no, see I learned the game. I can't, I can't. Well I can't bring pain with this meat but I can bring it to you being rough. So I let 'em know beforehand. But I'm gonna be a little rough. A lot of rough. But you gonna like it because afterwards I'm gonna feed you cheesecake.


I know you ain't never fed cheesecake. So you gotta find them holes from the project. You gotta feed them real cheesecake. New York style with the cherry on top. Ooh feeding. Ooh, you're so nice. They ain't never been treated like that. So you gotta treat hoes nice. I told you I'm backwards. I'm backwards. I love hoes. I don't like good women. At good women are the devil. Good women are the devil boy. I'm saying a bar here today. Y'all don't even, I'm saying a bar. Y'all stop bullshitting. Hit that light.


But y'all shouldn't have hit the subscribe button. You should be in the comment section right now. You should be out here talking shit. Do I know one thing? I wanna go get 'em damn game And you can go, you can go but you gotta do your part just like I'm doing my part. I told y'all football season I gonna ramp up. Y'all gonna pretty much see me every day. Here I am. Where I'm you sugar them. Share. Share it to your homeboy, your sister, your brother. All you gotta do is hit the copy button and share and share it to all your people. Even if they don't even like him. Share it to 'em anyway. You should do your part every time I drop your share it to 'em. Man, man, man. I know I like him too but man you gotta start sending me so No, somebody tell you you can stop sending me their stuff. They a devil. Stay away from, stay away from kids at school right now too.


I know some of y'all being nasty. I know some of y'all being nasty right now. Them kids at school right now. Y'all how doing y'all motherfucking thing. Just remember if you having problems right now taking care of that child now don't you bring down nothing to this motherfucking world. That's why I understand some of you motherfuckers struggling to take care of your kids now and you still wanna go out and make another one.   never. That's why I need to be president. I'm gonna lock your ass up for that. You know you couldn't take care of a woman. You went out here and got two or three more girls pregnant. Come here. Come here. Put your hand behind your back.


For what? Boy? Anything you say can and will be used against you in the court law. I want know why I'm being arrested couch boy. Oh man I can't pay it. You know that before you laid up and bust that good one. And I know they be good too because I'm gonna be looking in your eye and feeling all soft. Go and get it. That's how they get you go and get it bitch don't tell me that 'cause my pullout game woke up down I baby three that going in. But it ain't fun coming out that so be responsible. Back to what I told you though. When you come in and you tell them ice, if you ain't got no meat like me, if you ain't got, if you got meat, you good do you?


I'm jealous of you anyway do you? I'm gonna rough you up. Go on standing on your head ho. On my head. Go on stand on your head while all the blue are rushing down through out. Not finna do my mother due diligence TRASHH other day going to your boy Donald Trump TRASHH. And I do mean TRASHH is what I seen last night displayed on that motherfucking debate. You didn't do shit last night. Trump, you deflected didn't answer questions you ain't bring up about the 79 felonies you got. You could at least talked about some of 'em. You could have said Man they bullshit, they bogus.


They just out to get me. I would've went for that but you didn't. Nah, I got to hear everybody on everybody platform today. Talk about how Kamala Harry dog your ass out. Come on Dny. Y'all make sure Trump be able to play his golf man. He don't look like yourself right now. But Kamala Harry, she been around some sisters in this campaign. I don't know who it is. Who, who, who She been around down Ross. She gonna been around somebody. The girl got sold now it ain't remind my grandma texting me baby. You see that red lady? I see you. I see you. I see you come out here. I see you doing your thing. I see you excited. Hey, hey it could be a new sheriff from town y'all.


So all I'm saying, all I'm saying but all them lies and getting up there saying what you gonna do for the people, y'all better stick to y'all motherfucking word. Y'all always saying what you going do for us but you never do it. When somebody gonna finally do something for us Americas, that's all. Can we eat? We heard we can we eat. We know all the people like to come here and I ain't got nothing against it. Come here Live a better life. We should get first deals at everything. That's all I'm saying. We should get first deals And.


we don't watching this show today then you gotta know this show being presented by prize picks. You gotta know this show being pre presented by Prize Pick. Go and download the number one sports betting fantasy app that it is right now. Go and download it right now. Use my promo code TRASHH when you do TRASHH two Hs in their TRASHH going download right now with prize picks. If you are a first time user, they giving you $50 instantly when you play your first five lineup. What you mean you put $5 in? They giving you 50? Yeah, it's more or less over there too. It's more or less Thursday night football game. They got Josh Allen Slater to have 39 and a half Russian yard. All you got to do is put more or less. That's all you got to do. It put more or less over there. This Sunday coming up they got James Cook that has 0.5 Russian and receiving tees. You either you can put more on that. You could put more on that. They got Tyreek Hill Slager to have 0.5 rushing receiving Tee York. You could put more or less. Do y'all think Tyreek Hill's gonna have a Russian TV or receiving Tee? It's either more or less. That's simple. It's the simple things that get you the greater things. That's a bar prize picks.


Hey man, thank y'all for tuning in today's show, man. Like I say, and I'm, I'm gonna reiterate this again for y'all man. 'cause y'all probably getting y'all, y'all probably just not getting on y'all a little late. Check this out. Thursday night, tomorrow night, tomorrow night game. I'm going live Saturday night. I'm going live Sunday night. I'm going live Monday night. I'm going live. Don't that rhyme. Thursday night, Saturday night, Sunday night. Monday night. You can catch me live right here on the Bubble Dub Show Baby. Don't miss it. Gonna be the number one on Sports podcast in the world. Mark my word. How I know. 'cause I have Faith I believe.


Got some important guests popping up on this show too. So be on the lookout for that. You gonna be seeing more to too. Yep. You gonna see my boy Dessan Jackson on the show real soon too. Yes, man, I'm working. Y'all work with me most of all. Turn your notifications on, turn on. I want you to know what I'm dropping. I want you to know it won't be no excuse. 'cause some of y'all be saying, bro, I didn't even know you were dropping. Put your notifications on. I got something special coming for y'all too. I got a special TRASHH ring tone. Come to y'all so y'all can be able to download it. Have it for your notifications for the show. Oh, you working? I'm working.


See y'all again when I see y'all. One. The volume.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.


The following is a high five movement from high five casino.com. Hello, officer, You know why I pulled you over? No, I pulled you over because I just had to tell you about High Five Casino got1@highfivecasino.com. A social casino on your phone in free spins, cash prizes. Three daily Reward over a thousand games@highfivecasino.com. So do I get a ticket? No. It's a warning to play High Five Casino. Woohoo. Have you had your High Five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino. It's a social casino. No purchase necessary. What we're prohibited to play responsibly? Conditions Supply. See website for details. High Five Casino.


Hey, who doesn't love Bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon Now


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime. Play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. btw Group. No purchase necessary. Board Web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.