
You're listening to An iHeartPodcasts.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Here's the deal, we gotta set ourselves up. See, retirement is the long game. We gotta make moves and make them early set up goals. Don't worry about a setback, just save up and stack up to reach them. Let's put ourselves in the right position pre-game to greater things. Start Building your retirement plan at. This is free retirement.org. Brought to you by A A RP and the Ad Council.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Sud, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four days A week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vax Smith. Listen to everybody's business from Bloomberg Business Week starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, What they do. Welcome to the Bubble Dove Show. Late night edition. Yeah, we gonna get real motherfucking freaky night. Damn, I'm get dressed like jode every time I close my eye I wake up feeling so horny I can't get you outta my mind. Sexy. You is all. I see what it do. Welcome to the bubble. Don't hit the button. Hit subscribe button. When you do, make sure you keep your notifications turned on.


Hopefully everybody having a had a had a great day. I did. You know the good Lord woke us up this morning so I was able to try to be better than I was yesterday. That's all we can do, y'all. We can't worry about yesterday. We only can worry about today. But that being said, I know y'all just got through watching the Golden State Warriors lose to the Minnesota Timberwolves. And let me just say this right now, if Step Curry, if Steph don't come back, it's off Buddy Hill. Musty Fields. I don't give a damn. If Steph, if Steph Curry don't come back, it's off. They ain't got nobody over there. Isha Butler ain't can't cut the mustard.


He needs some more damn coffee or something Because, because tonight wasn't it m so Timma Woods bench had 45 points tonight. Lemme tell y'all something. He can tell my team bench give him 45 points. You not going to beat him. Julius Round going off an man had a better shoe now he only had 20 points but he was six for 13. They just controlled the game. Man, that's, that's all I could really say on that. Draymond Green come on, got Draymond taking 10 shots. He he hit three outta 10 and they not winning shit. Those state. Hey it sucks man. Injury sucks. And I, and I hate that fucking simple fact that if Curry don't get hurt, maybe they win this series, maybe they win this motherfucking series if Curry don't get hurt but he hurt.


So it look like Minnesota gonna be advancing to the next round. Damn Dubby just won to one. Why you giving up on Golden State right now? Because I can, because I fucking can series O. He ain't coming back over. Cut the TV off. Y'all can go back to Bipping cars. Y'all can do all that shit out there in the Bay Area that y'all normally do. Oh yeah. Go down in the Bay, you car and go to San Francisco or Oakland. Your ass getting robbed. Them niggas don't even let you sit your ass down in the restroom before they already breaking your windows out your cars. Call my motherfucker I tell you that. I ain't tell you I, the time I went to Oakland, they they broke my rental car and stole all my shirts.


Shit I stealing this motherfuckers I ever seen out there in the Bay. I love the Bay. I got some good people out there, You know shout out Mr. Fab now E four too short now but the motherfuckers out there be stealing. Yeah, yeah. Motherfuckers and the baby stealing. They get stealing. That's what be going on out there. Yeah, they gotta go home for two games but gotta look for Minnesota to end this shit in five. Same way they did the Lakers. Same way they gonna do Golden State. They gotta do Golden State like that. You did the Lakers like that. Don't take it easy on the other team. You ain't take easy on us bro. I'm running around this motherfucker with a knee brace on Nickel Give.


Damn you bru about you spraying your damn MCL nigga we lost and I got to walk around here with a sad face every god damn meal. We got excuses going through some shit y'all. Y'all don't understand what I'm going through man. I mean every time I make a video oh million Lakers out, I don't wanna talk about the damn Lakers no more. We talked about Golden State and Minnesota. Minnesota tied the series up today. One one. And in my eyes if Curry don't come back it's over. Ain't okay.


I Okay. Bug Hill score 35 Isha Butler score 30. Draymond give 15 Minga give you 12 maybe. Maybe y'all beat, y'all beat Minnesota but I don't see y'all talk to me tonight man. I don't see this shit. I don't, I I don't see this shit at all but I really wanna shift my attention over to the New York Knicks in the Boston CELs New York Knicks up two. Oh right now. Who will, who woulda knew who seen this shit come, I damn sure did See this shit coming. The New York Knicks up two Oh on the Celtics you bullshitting.


Well they is and let me tell you right now, Jason Tag and and and Jaylen Brown looking like straight up dog shit right now if you ask me fourth quarter gig a bottle Jalen Bronson fourth quarter gig a bottle Mackay Bridges watch 'em do what they do. Yeah them got them. You got them rats at the house right now. They got their outfits already laid out on the bed. Come tomorrow night they ain't gonna be killing y'all motherfuckers at the game tomorrow. You can believe that. Them niggas got Louis Victoria trench coats, scarfs boots, rain coat jackets. They got it all. Believe that.


I told y'all, I told y'all for this game last night that the New York Knicks wouldn't it be something if they just went to the finals? Wouldn't it be something if they won the finals it could be great for the NBA. That's what's going on right now man. I mean the Boston Center being up 20 plus points in both of these games and still lost for me. That's psychologically they, I don't care what y'all say. Yeah Boss might win one game in New York. I give 'em that but this series ending the six, that's the way I see it. I see this series ending the six with the, with the New York Knicks. Who will the knew who will the suck shit coming. The underdogs is taking over right now in the NBA Ka Wi Ka cat win Kat call Anthony Townes, he gonna play bug at home.


Josh Hart gonna play bug at home. Jaylen Bronson gonna play bug at home. Ika breach is gonna play bug at home. I mean normally home teams play bugger when they're at home. Normally the role players don't normally travel on the road but home the Knicks. Oh man it's gonna be crazy man. Everybody gonna be in the motherfucking building man. Chris Rock Fat Joe, they might be a or who All Denzel might Spike League going to be in that master splint gonna be in that six nine going be in that mother. Jim Jones gonna be in that motherfucker. Everybody gonna be there too old on the ies.


Bill Russell rolling over he goddamn grade right now. Man you see Paul Pierce had to walk his ass to work from the be he made. He said that the boss seller gonna win game too. You live Pete. It's new, it's a new year man shit ain't the same no more. And I see some of y'all on here man. The NBA just trying to make they shit make they shit close. No they ain't. I don't want to hear that bullshit. I don't want fucking hear that shit right now. The New York Knicks is balling. Let's give a New York Knicks day fucking credit y'all. They want to take shit away from the Knicks. We not doing that this year. We gonna give the New York Knicks they credit when it's due and it's due right now. When it come to the fourth quarter, them motherfuckers is balls to the wall.


So all I'm saying it's balls to the walls. That's what's going on with the New York Knicks right now. They taking it straight to the goddamn boss shelter. They ain't, ain't nothing y'all can do about it. And I'm loving what I'm singing too. I want Boston ass out left. I don't want them beating a goddamn Lakers Rucker right now. I don't. I'm just being real. Call me Hager. I don't give a damn. I want the boss sisters ass out it number one. I dare your doco. Yeah that man might bring up the fucking them boy wives and this and shit but hell aint nobody tell YI marry them hoes. But y'all wanna fire your Doka do bring somebody else in for a year or two then let him get ringed. Same way Golden State did Mark Jackson.


Same way they did your doco. Damn right. John Star gonna be in the building. Oh Charles Oakley going to be in the building. Marcus Cammy going be in the building. Alan Houston going be in the building. Greg Anthony gonna be in the building. Patrick, you ain't gonna be in the building. And Nick asked some hell of a players. Y'all gets rang up, y'all gets rang to black ass Michael Jordan and took the Spurs and took the Houston Rockets. But the New York Knicks have had some great players over the years. I'm not, I I'm not sitting up for saying they ain't, but they all y'all get rang into some Jugg Orn knock ass players.


Even when y'all had mellow, y'all had a squad, y'all didn't win but y'all had Melo j Smith, Sean, y'all had Lin San y'all remember y'all had Jeremy Lynn at one point in time in the NBA Jeremy Lynn was hotter, not better but hotter than Kobe Bryant. Everybody was tuning in to watch Lynn Sanity. I'll never forget that shit. Everybody was tuning in to watch German Lynn even though it was Kalo team, but at the time it was German Lynn team. Everything went to German Lee. We don't even know what German lean at no goddamn mo but, but once a point time German Lynn was the man of the New York Knicks.


The New York Knicks been struggling for 50 motherfucking years now they finally shining right now and they do have a chance to beat the defending champs. They do got a chance. I ain't gonna lie about that. Now I I, if Boston come back, I can see that they Boston. But if Boston lose this series, I got a question for y'all tonight. If Boston Selfers lose this series, do y'all break up the tandem between Jason Tatu and Jalen Brown? Now this ante was half for about a month, bro. Real talk. I don't know what you talking about. So if Boston self lose this series, do y'all break up Jason Tag and Jalen Brown?


I'm waiting on y'all. Y'all talk to me. Somebody say yes, no hell yes. Both of 'em Trash and here Cap. No. How long them boys been together by five, six years Now one ring. Where else could y'all see Tegu playing at? Do you move Tatu? Do you move Brown? Which one do you move? Do you move Tatu or do you move Jalen Brown? Which one of these guys do you move? You got, you gotta ask your question yourself that which one of these guys, if I move, will my team still be the same or will my team suffer a loss? Major loss. And we know Jason is one of the top premier players in the game.


So is Jalen Brown? But that's a good question to have. Who would you rather have tag them or Jalen Brown? You let Brown go tag them. Not going our world tre tag take to face Sickle Sance, Jalen Brown. I'm gonna be honest man. I'm gonna trade Jalen Brown. I'm gonna get Jalen Brown ass up outta there. I'm gonna get whatever I I I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get some some picks or, or I'm gonna get fuck You know. Damn. Who could they bring in to replace Brown though Bradley Bill.


Y'all think about Bradley be replacing Jalen Brown and moving Jalen Brown to the finger Sons. That might work. Y'all think about what I just told y'all. Jalen Brown took the finger Sons for Bradley Beal. I think that's a good one. Y'all think about that. OKC got revenge on the Nuggets last night. It's one one now with them. Shay Alexander went off. You know he lead Gimme me PI guess they gave it to him yet me personally, I could see the Nuggets winning one more game y'all. I can really see the Nuggets winning one more game but that's about it. I think KC gonna win this shit is six.


I think they got em figured out. Yes yo gonna make shots but at the end of the day they playing tough defense hand in the face. We boxing out, we gonna get, we gonna get the steals. We gonna get out in a fast break. We gonna do some shit that y'all Nuggets can't stop. So when the game slow down, that's when the Nuggets at they best. But when OKC running the gunning ain't a team in the league can beat these boys. So that's what they showed last night. They beat the Nuggets by 43 motherfucking points. Do you hear me? 43 motherfucking points. Some of y'all are gonna say, alright, just a game though. Don't matter. How many of you lost? You just lost? No it's something different than a 43 point loss that letting me know right now when we play, when the Oklahoma City saying when they play they game, when they on top of their game, y'all can't fuck with us.


That's what I seen when we on that game, we blowing y'all asses out the wall. And I told y'all and I told y'all, can the Nuggets keep it up? We they be to do it again. Yeah they can do it again. Duh. You just hating on my Nuggets. You see I wasn't lying to you. You see how how Oklahoma Secret came out with urgency sense urgency. That's how you supposed to come out when you lose game one, you supposed to come out that next game on.


Oh Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart. Target another store is not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets And year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I always had to be so good no one could ignore me. Carve my path with data and drive but some people only see who I am on paper. The paper ceiling, the limitations from degree screens to stereotypes that are holding back over 70 million stars. Workers skilled through alternative routes rather than a bachelor's degree. It's time for skills to speak for themselves. Find resources for breaking through barriers@taylorpaperceiling.org brought to you by Opportunity at work and the ad council.


If you legal like Sha, he will leave Get Get out the way I got. I'm running Run for Get Out the way I got this, that what star players do in the NBA. When it's time to take over you gimme the goddamn ball. I'm not running over here no corner. I'm not shying away from nothing. I want the ball. That's what Shay was doing last night and he got out. Remember Jaylen Williams didn't even have a good game last night y'all, let's be real. He ain't hagg his yet. He ain't even just bogged out like he supposed to ball out yet. So series one one, we'll see how it is tomorrow night. Look I look for Oklahoma to continue to ride the high hand. I look for them to go into Denver tomorrow and go up to one.


Y'all let me know how y'all got this series ending. I got it ending in six with the Thunder but man this, this the underdogs winning right now man. Between the, between the Pacers and the Knicks right now. I know they saying the NBA ratings is down Igon give a damn all about about that shit. I'm watching some good basketball being played right now y'all. And I'm super excited about the future of the NBA. Yes we gonna miss LeBron another year or two when he gone curry them when they gone. But the NBA is in good hands right now with Shay, with with Yos, with with Spider-Man, with Hall Burton, with Ant Man with Ja ja Wick when he get right.


I think the NBA we humble like how can I forget about win Humble man like we, that's the team that we need to be watching our fucking spurs right now because they, they got plenty of money down there and You know you never know who like they got Darren Fox down there now might be looking to add another piece with them so it ain't old for San Antonio. All my spirit fans out there. It ain't old for y'all. Y'all feature is very bright. That's all I'm saying. The feature is very bright up there and we we're santon we're santon your spurs right now. But like I said back to the next game with with the pacers in the, in the in in the calf they going home and I hate to say this and I might be jumping the gun but gun the calves are messing around and get swept.


Pacers ain't fearing them ball them. Mike El Pacers ain't fearing no damn pocket. They not, they really feel like they gonna win this damn series. You gonna let me go up two oh on your okay. I don't give a damn. Who you bringing back Moses John the Baptist. I don't give a that. I'm a two. Oh I'm going home. I'm finna end this shit at the crib. These are the kind of players I wanna see. I'm ending this shit at the house. Ain't no different between me. Y'all in these streets. I get my ass tore up every day. Well I'm at this fucking house I won't lose. I'm a bad som a bitch at the house but this eyes I ain't gonna Mimi.


Oh when I'm in my friend yard and my neighbor over there talking and shit. Bring your big bag ass over here cool me. Who else bring your ass over here and I sold you something. Hey, when I'm out at the stove I'm at the club, I'm at the lounges bubble do don't talk shit. Bubble do is a humble man. I ain't got much to say. You got it, you got it. When you come to my motherfucker in your nigga you you finna get the business that's on God. That's how I vote. I'm quiet when I by myself but when I'm with my niggas I'm a lion. Come here ain't your big bag ass him because we got people in the world right now that think they the baddest people in the world until people show 'em otherwise.


Yeah you got people come over they going to wolf, they going, they gonna talk shit all day long when somebody knocked they motherfucking ass. Now he a different man. Man I really wouldn't even know that type of time you lie. You talked all that shit nigga talk now talk it now. I probably wasn't. Why I'm so upset tonight? I'm going through some shit man. My my uncle missing him but he ain't missing. I know where the motherfucker at but the motherfucker missing the point that I been trying to tell him that goddamn stealing and borrowing is two different goddamn things. Believe that stealing and borrowing is two different goddamn things.


Y'all real talk. You ever had somebody, you let somebody borrow some goddamn money and they had no intentions on giving you your money back to me That's stealing and my uncle know it. Boom. My motherfucking money uncle did you borrow 75 goddamn dollars. Come to find out you ain't have no intention of paying nip back but get what? Nipple all buy. You gonna gimme my money, I'm gonna tell your goddamn probation officer you back smoking rocks. Thank God won one. I will. I need my money up Same way you come over here crying about how you need this and that.


God damnit I need my shit back $75 I want it uncle or not nigga pay me yo. Let your motherfucker borrow us some money man. The motherfucker store dieing you and shit. I'm for real. You you see 'em at the store they motherfucker hiding behind poles hiding behind the stack. Motherfucker I seen you. We ain't gotta do all that with me. Just fake is man the real ain't real no more man. The fake dont become real now Don don't You know what I'm saying like the real people in the world, in the world get punished and if that makes sense to y'all, the real people in the world got it bad.


The people who are fake ain't full of shit. They be winning man. Them ho with them fake asses hold with no asses losing can't keep a man Cheating on them, beating on them, creeping on them, sleeping on them, meeting up on them doing everything in the world. It's them hoes. This them B Bs. Them Covid BBL hoes that's win. I'm them winning. I'm go down with y'all say I like them Covid BBL ho them them big motherfucker and ass.


Them ho them hoes that motherfucker might be sideways and all over him but they ass soft and I no fucker come here if you ain't never had you one boy can get you one shit you gonna love it shit. Yeah I'm telling you the truth tonight sitting around in Mexico he's tread. I don't know about that one. Found $40 brung it for Tega. Come on now. Let's be real bro. We know y'all ain't finna get no damn brung James for no damn tag him. Come on Daw. Come on Tega. Ain't that goddamn bad and I don't think brung it that bad. I just know he ain't gonna take him level but come on man.


Y'all tripping PJ. What he do? Somebody say I as the trash you gonna ask the trash to you horny. You ain't got nobody else to come over but that big booty motherfucker you going dial that number. You going dial that motherfucker number for her to come over there and I don't think shit join myself with one of no motherfuckers man you went with them goddamn covid. BBL Hey yeah. Yeah. God watching God watching you went down and had this surgeon shit. Yeah God watching your motherfucker and them doctors told y'all hold you gotta out and drink water but what you hold do y'all some motherfucking quis you hold with these be bills on the working now in June, July and August.


That's why your body bill like a crayon box now. Ho you ain't following that Richards. God ain't pleased. God ain't pleased y'all cried to God for that 10, 12, $15,000 to get that little old ass. Y'all went down there and got C open and the doctor told you look him baby you got to work out. You got to drink water, you got to exercise, you got to take care of yourself and you ho's quills. Soon as you came home you healed up. You worked out for a month or two. Your little funky ass friend or your boyfriend told you look good and you stopped working out. Now you can gain weight. Don't like you have a BBL now ho you done wasted money now God spare your life laying on that table cu open 'cause you could a dog on that table just know that them BL shit that shit ain't safe.


That shit ain't safe. Your momma keeping your goddamn kid, your kids running your mama crazy. Your mama 48. She still like to get dicked down but here you is down there in Miami all cook open and shit crying over some nigga ain't taking your medicine. Stitches busting open. Bitch you ain't worth a damn. You ain't worth a damn. I ain't taking me to tell y'all about y'all self. You got to do better. These kids didn't ask to be born. Y'all bringing these kids into the world. You sleeping with every nigga in the world. These kids don't know who their dagger is. They don't know nothing. You have some their god damn name they tell you I tell you a color what they do.


What's your name little girl My name Blue. Hell going on. Your mama ain't taught you shit. Y'all think the shit cute though. I don't think cute at all. I really don't time change. Nah I'm different man. This shit ain't cute no more than me man. These big booty ho. These fine women out here ain't worth a damn these ho scamming. These hos ain't got nowhere to stay. They staying with their mama. They ain't got no car. If they do got a car, the transmission slipping and if the transmission ain't slipping all four ties on that bitch bad. Them ho be slides into them lounges, them badass ties and laughing and he he my shit squeaking. I nigga getting my shit fixed.


That shit been squeaking since two summers ago. But you come to plague off like you normally get your shit ties rotate and shit. Bitch stop. They old as oil sign on that motherfucker say 23 bitch is 25. And let me know you ain't took that bitch up there got his oil chain any day now that that mobile can lock up. I need to let you go not buying no goddamn car. If I do it's gonna be with Savage titles I'm quick. Oh yeah I'm good buying Savage title cars 3,500. They all day from them Mexicans. Every engine light on in that motherfucking car but it run good but every light on a BS the M, all the lights on.


You thinking it's a sensoril now so when your people get in your car, hey your light on bitch mind your bitch. I hate a nosey motherfucker get in my car. Why this light on? Don't worry about it. I thought you needed a ride to the store. Well goddam it just ride and be quiet. I know my car shaking when I crank that motherfucker up. I know I need a tie rod. I know that. I know I need a earth filter. I know I need a oil chain. I know I need a lock a signal on this goddamn car but I don't need you to remind me. I remind myself every day I get in this wraggly motherfucker. That's why when I pull to the store and the store's full, I pull around back and get outta my car.


I don't want everybody hear my shit. You know what I'm saying? I got a regular ass Honda but that motherfucker sound like a scat pack. I don't want people laughing to me. I want knee ho as me pull up I Uber. When your car at getting painted for real? What you getting done to a candy? 10 cokes occur. Candy. I ain't gonna lie. I be lying to 'em. My car getting painted baby I'm getting that Y on the fucking summer. Yeah got them sws coming. Yeah Super pokes come and that third month hit. They be looking for that car. That's when I got to let 'em go because about that third month, about that 80, 90, 90 day they ready to see this car because you been talking.


I've been talking about this motherfucker all the time when it hit that 90 day. Man look man this shit ain't working out between me and you man. On what you mean we we doing great. Nah bitch fuck bitch all bitch I need to be by myself man. You know what I'm saying? You ain't for me ho you, You know you against me. I start making up all kinds of shit. Bitch you against me and I I just want all I wanna do, all I wanna do is see you win. That's all I wanted do is see you win but you been against me. What you talking about? You know exactly what the fuck I'm talking about. You devil. That's how I be getting away from 'em ho right there making up all kinds of shit and letting them go.


Nobody see my rag ass car buck it. Only people really know me know I got the Honda, You know what I'm saying? I'm in the whip every day The Honda smell like weed. Newports ass tampon. That's how my, I been had the car for a minute. You know it been passed down. It's a good car. I ain't with all that. Who got the type? Who got the nice, I ain't we got all that man. So y'all into the material shit bitch I got a nice heart. I ain't got no na car. I ain't got no na high. I ain't but I got but I got a nice heart though bitch. You know what I'm saying. If you got into a car wreck bitch I be there for you. I be there feeding you vegetable soup bitch me these niggas with all that money, they ain't gonna be there for you.


They gonna be on to the next bit bitch it's the heart for me And that's what you gotta find around right now. When when you got friends you gotta find real friends when you up they gonna be with you when you down they going be with you. When you in between they going to be with you. Man stop getting this money going out here fellas getting these bullshit assholes. That don't mean You know motherfucking good. You seen the movie Tyler Perry don't you real talk. You remember when Charles left his wife? Yeah For the little young sweet motherfucker that Charles had a stroke. Just what that little young motherfucker wasn't. Hell no. You got the thing like this shit   I might look dumb a motherfucker I'm not. I know what's going on. I know who for me and who ain't.


You bitch ass is fine. You can see it. Her ass from the front yellow skin bitch smell good, cat good all this and that but that whole heart falls. Do you hear me? Her heart pause So be wise with the decision y'all making these days man with these women 'cause everything look good ain't good. Look there's some fire holes in the world these ho Oh you be tired. Oh I won't guess I want that one cat funky mother real talk cat funky and I'm telling you not keeping no more goddamn damn secrets.


Nothing You in relationship either your girl or your nigga keeping they phone face down like that. Just know that phone got more goddamn secrets than the Pentagon. Believe me when I tell you that. No say again. If you with your girl, you with your nigga and they keep they phone flat down like this all the time. That phone got more secrets than the Pentagon. No bitch ain't for you or he ain't for you Just putting your own game. See a real nigga going to have his phone. Look at the nigga do shut up. A real nigga going to erase everything that need to be erased fam.


That's all I'm saying. I'm I'm era when I'm, before I come in the house, I'm in my car, I'm erasing every motherfucking thing. So ain't nobody called you today and didn't we ain't nobody didn by me talking this whole day but ain ain't nobody called or text you. No tell 'em hold the truth. Don't tell them hold nothing. You let them think what they want to think. That's one thing about a woman. When a woman thinks some shit Think you done done some shit. That's just what it is in her mind you done done it. Ain't nothing you can do to change her thought till you really So you did you fuck that bitch bubble.


What do you think? Be honest. I Think you fucked. There you go. Even though I didn't but I'm gonna let you think that it is different when a woman Think you doing something they going to investigate. They might cry a little bit but the woman gonna keep they motherfucking cool because they got their homegirls on the side. Us niggas, we ain't got nothing. Our homeboy laugh and never he the reason why we were fucking ne ho we can't call that whole ass nigga because he gonna keep trying to tell you to do more and more, more, more shit. But what your homeboy don't tell you is the life changing events that's gonna go through go and go happen in your life when you girl cheat on you.


Yeah that shit fun when you fucking these hoes but when that motherfucker when your other half do it to you, that shit ain't fun. No motherfucking mo. That shit ain't funny. No motherfucking mo man. Yeah you don't want, you don't care about the basketball game. No goddamn more football game no more. You don't care about nothing about these hoes no more. All you worried about is home. You trying to find out the nigga hooping putting dick to your girl. That's all you want. Motherfucking find out you don't want to eat no more. You love hamburgers and french fries with the Sprite coming on but now you don't want to eat no more and guess what that when you not eating and stressing what you do, you lose weight. Crap rap man.


So we all made mistakes right, but on it up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree's whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Here's the deal, we gotta set ourselves up. See retirement is the long game. We gotta make moves and make them early. Set up goals. Don't worry about a setback, just save up and stack up to reach them. Let's put ourselves in the right position pre-game to greater things. Start building your retirement plan at. This is free retirement.org brought to you by A A RP and the ad council.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chapkin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like business week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about vi chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts


Now you ain't yourself no more. Now you're at your job. You normally be on at your job. 7 0 5 every day. 7 0 5. Now you're pulling in 7 11, 7 13, 7 17. Now the boss doing this. Hey come here. Yes sir. You know you've been one of my best workers but I noticed just this week alone, the last, You know you've been working with me for about eight years now. Yeah, yeah I have. And this three times this week you've been late. Is everything at home? Okay now I want a white man ass. You some shit like that y'all. You leg on his motherfucking hairs. Well Bob, everything ain't okay. My whole lady are Cheating on me.


You know white people know. So how you coping with that? That's the word that you, how You know black people say, well how you dealing with it? White people say how you coping with it? We'll be honest. I ain't coping with 'em thinking about killing myself. I'm thinking about killing her. I'm thinking about hurting him and then that's how it go. I guess The evil thoughts that come across your mind man shit you never thought you would think of. You thinking now man. You know what I'm saying? You, you got five in your eyes. Your mama calling baby you okay Bitch you look like I'm okay bitch, I was 275 pounds last week bitch. I'm two 10. I'm two 10. I can't fit my tumbling boots. No goddamn mo. I'm not Okay.


Same bitch that Cheating on you. She still at the crib though. Patting on you baby. It's okay. One day at a time. Yeah bitch. One day at a time. I'm choking your motherfucking ass shit hurt y'all. That shit hurt. I came through that storm. If anybody out there going through it, I pray for your brother or sister. I pray for it. I'm going through some shit right now in my life man. My my son got cut from the basketball team and I had to go have words for this motherfucking stepdad that stood like real talk. I said look here nigga you wanted to be in my son motherfucking life. You going to have to teach this nigga how to play basketball.


What the fuck he doing? Calling me for crying to me for That's what your ass stuff for. You wanted my goddamn damn spot. You got it. You wanted my spot bitch you got it. You gonna teach this nigga how to dribble with that left. You gonna teach that nigga how to shoot freak throw. You going to teach this nigga how to dribble. I'm damn sure not. You gonna call me to lose weight, go to the hospital behind this baldheaded ass ho. You gonna took my girl for me. You going deal with these problem not doing it no goddamn mo.


Y'all are not my little nigga calling me. Hey daddy, I need you. Come over here and teach me how to shoot. I will not, I'll not you got somebody in your life that cried, jumped on me, had me beat up a couple of times, still had me jumped on y'all. I'm being 100 tonight, I'm confessing my sins and what's really going on. Still had me beat up a couple times fighting me behind my GI got tired of getting a ass whooping so You know what, you can have this bitch, I'm good. I'm out. You not worried about me no godmo, you ain't gotta worry about me no godmo. But with this you have to take on the responsibilities and I meant that I'm not doing a motherfucking thing.


Y'all can call me a sir dagger deadbeat. I don't give a damn. I'm not training my son how to do a god damn thing. That stood wheel and I'm gonna keep throwing it up in my baby mama face. You wanted a real man. Tell that real god man to teach this nigga how to be man you smart. My symbol get you see I told my, I told my baby I know you wasn't gonna be shit. That's why your daddy wasn't there for you So, so it don't surprise me you didn't want me and my son lie. You like to repeat the cycle. I'm gonna help you going through some shit y'all.


I'm telling you man, I'm, I'm fighting demons every motherfucking day. Every motherfucking day. I had a little project car I had over there. I had a little 88 Caprice box Chevy the stud driving my goddamn box Chevy now. Man I saw my shit up there playing a fitness store a goddamn day. She jumping outta my car. She got a little girl in her mouth and shit. I start like I need to be here though. You know I don't, I don't need to be in jail. There ain't a place for a, a young brother like myself. I wanted to on her ass and y'all don't understand my pain.


Y'all get up here, y'all laugh at me but do be really going through some shit y'all. And it is not even funny bro. Like walking in on your girl with a stud and that Stu had that goddamn rose going and they were listening to Rome. Y'all know that old school song wrong. I belong to you, I belong, I give on my love to you. That song right there. I walked in on that stu. She had that goddamn rose going through on my girl and my old lady.


That bitch was shaking. I ain't never seen a shake like this before in my god damn life. Boy I can't get that outta my mind man. And I and I, You know it shocked me at first. And I come to it like you bitch you Cheating on me. And I went to run and I break that shit up and that stu hit me with a bad motherfucker. I don't know what that stu hit me with y'all. But I shook on myself and I, and I have to be honest with y'all. It really happened. I don't, I don't know what what she hit me with but I shook on myself bro. And I didn't wanna fight no more.


I don't know what she hit me with. Like I ain't wanna fight no more. I, I went and got baptized that it happened on a Tuesday. I went and got baptized that Wednesday night. Changed my life. I gave my life to the good lord man. I did. And that's my message to y'all tonight man. A lot of times shit and our life don't go right. It don't go right sin like everything you touch it go wrong. But let me tell you something man. God chastised the ones he love the most man. Keep holding onto God unchanging hands. He will open doors for you that you didn't never think would open. And I'm being straight up honest with you, God will open doors man for you. You might not got so, You know keys open doors, keys open doors.


Never forget that God will give you the keys to open doors that you need them doors to open. I promise you that. But you gotta stay down. You gotta stay faithful. You gotta stay with him through the thick and thin. You can't just call on him all the time when you're doing bad. You got to call on him too when you're doing good too. Let him know, Hey man thank you man. Thank you for waking me up man. I can feel my big toe. Some people can't feel that big toe. Some people can't walk, some people can't get out the bed man. So you got to thank the man up above for everything you got going on in your life man. God not gonna give you what you want. He gonna give you what you need and get because you get into a little trouble. Oh Lord can you get me out this situation? And he going come when you want him to come so you feel a little discouraged.


That ain't the way to be. Peace be still my guy up there move mountains. My my guy a clear the road for you when it's raining and it's thunder and you can't see the road but only you, you could barely see but guy open it up where you could see everything man. That man up there at Mason, I'm trying to tell you man, when man pleases this god ways even this hamus can't touch telling you some real spirit here tonight man.


If you're watching this show, it's being presented by prospects right there. Download pics man. Use my promo code with trash with the two Hs more or less on your favorite player right now they doing a a three pick flex on you can do it up to five times a day. You got into May 31st to put this three pick flex in. You have a chance to go to the championship. They took me to the Rockets in the Warriors game. But you got a chance to go on to the championship court side and you will be able to take a friend to as well if you win choices. Win-win situation. Only way you win. If you gonna play real talk you gonna have to actually win the pick. You just gotta put your entries in man. That's all you gotta do. You can do it up to five times a day. Three pick flex. That's all you gotta do.


If you can't watch my show, You know what to do. Go with Apple podcast, go with Spotify, type in the bubble dub show. Boom, there I am man. Real talk but y'all chop it up with me. Hey Laqua, what'd he do? Said I beat what he do. Big man. What'd he do? Laur strickler on what he do man my baby mama most definitely gave that nigga let let that nigga who was knocking her down carry our kid on her taxes one year. Boy, boy I was big mad and You know my whole family like I leave ho and I was like yeah I hear you but I know ain't neither one of y'all gonna let me come stay with y'all.


So shit, I, I'm good where I'm at and You know every weekend she'll leave. I know she would be with him so it ain't like I didn't know what she was, You know what I'm saying? She would come home when she came home, You know what I'm saying? I tried to get me some, she say she hurting. Nah, nothing shit. You know dude was punishing him like I gotta give that nigga's props. That nigga I'm talking about the stud, the nigga punishing him. Whatever he had. Whatever deal though, whatever he was punishing my bitch boy. I'm talking about boy, she, she ain't want me to touch her when she come home sometime And we used to go to church as a family, she stopped going to church and me start going with him, her whatever, they won't call they self as shit 'cause they couldn't go to my church.


But my pastor don't play that shit. So they start going to some other church and they pastor over there, You know he was with it or whatever. But my pastor wasn't with that shit. But yeah man, I, I come, I come through that shit man. I, I see the light now man. For a while ago y'all, I I was down man. I was, I was lost but now I'm found hell man I was bigger now I'm sweet. Yeah man, time heal everything man. I don't know if y'all ever been through heartbreak. Y'all gonna wanna go through heartbreak man.


Heartbreak, how you doing? Shit, you ain't never done like putting sugar in the whole tank, putting the whole ties on flat man bringing these whole weaves and shit. Throwing away this whole fast and over shit and singing shit. Like calling her mama and cussing her mama out for even having this dis lowery your ho, You know, You know being messy and, and just doing out man. This whole man, how you doing? Shit, you ain't never done before. Man, I, man I been there man. I'm, I'm better now. I've been to therapy. I'm, I'm doing good man. I'm still going to AA classes though. I still be drinking and driving and shit, but I be driving on back roads so You know, I just, You know I'm a drunk.


I'm an alcoholic. Y'all, I'm a goddamn alcoholic man. Man love, love drinking man. Just drink myself to death man. I just, what I do man, I just, I go grab me from goddamn Bud Light. Get me a goddamn damn get her skull. God. I hit that old back road and me old Mandy, You know me old Mandy hit that back road and Godda, I cut the lights off. She, she look at me like what are you doing? Shit, get naked right here, right now. God damn right. Get naked and we enjoy ourselves. Roll the stone and what the do appreciate it man.


Nigga say his baby mama sound like my last baby mama. She's super trash dude. Ain't nothing out here. You got a good thing. You better keep her. I'm telling you now you got a good thing. You better mother freaking keeper in your life because what? Look good ain't good and what you think is bad ain't really bad. If that makes sense to you. Stay put. Yo ain't talking about shit no motherfucker. Why? Hold be lying man. You talk to a holy day. Yeah, I'm a nerd bitch. Be a CNA bitch being a CNA 11 years, you ain't thought about trying to go take a test or go to college.


Be A-L-V-N-I. I'm good where I'm at. I'm making $23 an hour. D I'm good. Nah bitch you settling. Ain't nothing wrong with $23 an hour, but bitch you settling when you could be making it 50 do you 50 bitch. You could be, you could be making it 50. Gotta want it. Y'all don want this shit. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight though. I appreciate y'all the love y'all be doing on the show. I appreciate it man. She gave that nigga text. I'm just saying though. Y'all can catch me Friday and Saturday. I can catch me tomorrow night in Tacoma, Washington at the Tacoma Comedy Club.


May night, May 10th, four shows two Friday, two Saturday. You can't make it and tell a friend, tell a friend I'm now June 20th. June 20th you can catch me in Tampa Bay, Florida at the Funny Bone. That's where I will be. Grab them tickets June 20th. I'm at the Funny Bone in Tampa Bay. I can't wait June 14th. You can kiss me in Nebraska June 15th. You can catch me in Rock Island, Illinois, June 19th. You can kiss me in Fort Worth, Texas at the Dickies Arena is going down. Grab them tickets wherever I'm at, write 'em tickets.


Come see me fresh off the Wheeler Warrens tour and I'm having a ball. I'm enjoying life. I'm doing what I love to do. Is it ups? Is it downs you? Damn right. But I wouldn't trade for nothing in the world. And y'all be safe out there. It's storming down here in the H. Y'all be safe out there man. And if you happen to be in Tacoma, Washington this weekend, pull up on me. Happy Mother's Day. To all the mothers. To all y'all mothers. To all y'all wives, girlfriends who are mothers from me. Happy Mother's Day to all the real mothers that take care of their kids. That will suck a dick or two to feed they kids. Y'all. The real motherfucking champions to me, a woman that could get out here and get that ass up.


Fuck a betterment of her kids is a blessing from God. That's my time on my peace and blessing them out. The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Why Choose a Sleep number Smart bed? Can I make my side softer? Can I make my side firmer? Can we, can we Sleep Cooler Sleep number does that cools up to eight times faster and lets you choose your ideal comfort on either side. Your sleep number setting, it's the sleep number, everything Smart Bed Sale. Every smart bed and base are on sale during our Memorial Day event. Up to 50% off. Plus free home delivery. Limited time exclusively to sleep Number store near you. Learn more@sleepnumber.com.


Here's the deal, we gotta set ourselves up. See, retirement is the long game. We gotta make moves and make them early set up goals. Don't worry about a setback, just save up and stack up to reach them. Let's put ourselves in the right position pre-game to greater things. Start building your retirement plan at. This is pretirement.org, brought to you by A A RP and the Ad Council.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to An iHeartPodcasts.